{"document": ["Officers searched properties in the Waterfront Park and Colonsay View areas of the city on Wednesday . Detectives said three firearms , ammunition and a sum of money were recovered . A man who was arrested and charged appeared at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday .", "Jordan Hill , Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper , all 18 , and Tanishia Covington , 24 , appeared in a Chicago court on Friday . The four have been charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery , among things . An fundraiser for their victim has collected $ 51,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 42,500 ) . Denying the four suspects bail , Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil asked : \" was your sense of decency ? \" Prosecutors told the court the beating started in a van and continued at a house , the suspects forced the victim , who suffers from schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder , to drink toilet water and kiss the floor . Police allege the van was stolen by Mr Hill , who is accused of demanding $ 300 from the victim 's mother while they held him , according to the Chicago Tribune . The court was told the suspects stuffed a sock into his mouth , taped his mouth shut and bound his hands with a belt . In a video made for Facebook which was watched millions of times , the assailants can be heard making statements against people and Donald Trump . The victim had been dropped off at a McDonalds to meet Mr Hill - who was one of his friends - on 31 December . He was found by a police officer on Tuesday , 3 January , a day after he was reported missing by his parents . Prosecutors say the suspects each face two hate crimes counts , one because of the victim 's race and the because of his disabilities .", "The Arsenal goalkeeper played for the Royals for four years . He was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003 . A West Brom statement said : \" He played a role in the Championship club winning promotion to the Premier League in 2006 and 2012 . \"", "Relieved that the telecoms company would be broken up , they piled into the shares , sending them 3 % in trading . BT dodged a bullet - and , as the executive of Ofcom , Sharon White , admitted , it was for reasons . She said complications with land deals and BT 's pension scheme meant there were \" obstacles \" to a break-up that would delay the process years . It 's the pension scheme that influenced Ofcom 's thinking . BT 's retirement scheme , inherited from its time as a utility , has assets of about \u00c2 \u00a3 40bn and a deficit , on some measures , of about \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn , though BT has poured in billions of pounds in years to redress the gap . sources at the company say that 80 % of the scheme relates to Openreach , the internet infrastructure provider that BT 's rivals would like to see spun off . Separating the pension as part of a break-up would be a headache - and there is the matter of a government guarantee on part of the scheme , something that BT fought in the courts to preserve and won . Creating two pension schemes , with the risk of weakening the resources of one or the , might be a potato , in the pursuit of broadband . BT 's share price reaction might turn out to be . Ms White plans to enforce the separation by introducing a board to run Openreach , but articles of association that will give directors a duty to serve customers of the network as the company 's owners . This holds out an prospect of conflicts to come , and runs to the assumption that in companies , the shareholder is king . It carries an echo of the \" shares \" held by the government in Rolls-Royce and BAE Systems , two companies judged for the defence of the realm . In each case , the share is enshrined by articles of association that give directors and the government powers beyond those enjoyed by company boards . BT 's executive , Gavin Patterson , said he thought he could reach a compromise with Ofcom , but admitted they would need to see the detail of the articles . If they prove at odds with BT 's desire to control Openreach - which it will own - get for a court battle and , , a break-up .", "\" I 'm looking to it - the home of football ,\" said Rodgers of his visit . \" I hear the pitch is , a pitch suits the speed in our team and our intensity . \" The area goes to the end of the pitch , but you might need a taxi to get to your staff . \" This will be Rodgers' taste of the Old Firm derby and his experience of the fixture got off to a start with a 5-1 league victory at Celtic Park month . \" It was a performance by the players in every aspect ,\" he recalled . \" this one is on a ground , but we 'll be looking to have a performance . \" We 'll be and . We know it 's going to be a game . We anticipated that the time . \" Rodgers is Celtic 's visit to Hampden season in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers ended in defeat . \" The experience there was for Celtic ,\" he said . \" But it 's a team with a mentality and we 'll look to take that mentality into the game . \" Rodgers lost two semi-finals in his time at Liverpool and is aiming to make it time at the club he joined in the summer . \" You have to perform - that 's what 's and if you get bit of luck along the way you 'll get the result that you want. \" said the Northern Irishman . \" , for us , it 's looking at our performance level , which in the main has been at a level . \" My focus is on my team and , if we impose our style of play , it can give a lot of problems to opponents . \" Unlike predecessor Ronny Deila , Rodgers would be drawn on this semi-final being a step on the way to a treble . \" It 's , to achieve ,\" he said . \" There 's been managers in the past that have achieved that . \" But it 's the competition we 've a chance to win a trophy and I 've said that it 's a priority for us because it 's the one . \" Our idea was to qualify for the Champions League , which we did , to make a start in the league , which we 've done , and look to get to the League Cup final . \" Unless you can do that you do have the chance to win the trophies . \"", "The move is in response to an \u00a3 8m cut in the subsidy received from the Department of Employment and Learning ( DEL ) . The cut in places will come into effect from September 2015 . Job losses will be among both and staff and Queen 's says no redundancies should be required . There are 17,000 undergraduate and students at the university , and 3,800 staff . Queen 's has a intake of 4,500 undergraduates per year . The university aims to reduce the number of student places by 1,010 over the three years . The BBC understands that there are no plans to close departments or courses , but that the cuts in funding may put some departments and courses at risk . The Education Minister Stephen Farry said he recognised that some students might choose to study in areas of the UK because of the cuts facing Northern Ireland 's universities . \" Some people will be forced to look to opportunities in parts of Great Britain and may return to our economy ,\" he said . \" Defunding our investment in skills , at a time we 're trying to grow the economy does make a lot of sense . What 's happening is we 're going . \" The loss of any place is to our economy , all subjects teach our people skills . \" Queen 's vice-chancellor Patrick Johnston said the cuts had the potential to damage the reputation of the university . \" The impact , on the university but on the economy is ,\" he said . \" It 's the thing we want to do , but we have to begin to focus on those areas we can grow the organisation and develop it - it 's we can depend on the purse to fund tuition . \" If we 're we will attract the students , and we will attract the staff . \" under \u00a3 100m , a third of the university 's income , comes from the Northern Ireland Executive . DEL 's budget was reduced by \u00a3 62m this year , and its budget for education institutions fell from \u00a3 203m to \u00a3 186m , a reduction of 8.2 % . Ulster University announced in February that it was dropping 53 courses . It will be cutting jobs and student places , but it has revealed .", "The leaflets said the patient had been referred for an appointment as their symptoms might indicate cancer . East Sussex NHS Trust has put the mix-up down to an company that distributes its printed material . It said the patient information leaflets were added to hospital appointment letters sent out in March . It has contacted everyone affected to apologise and explain what went . Liz Fellows , director of operations at the trust , said : \" It was an error and we apologise for any anxiety this error may have caused . \" East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust covers Hastings , Eastbourne and Rother , and is for the Conquest Hospital and Eastbourne District Hospital . The trust said that due to the number of appointment letters it sends out it uses an printing company to print and distribute appointment letters . It said each letter is coded to indicate any information that needs to accompany it . Ms Fellows said : \" , for a period in March , the printing company miscoded 850 letters resulting in a ' information leaflet ' being inserted with an appointment letter . \" as the error became it was stopped , and letters of apology sent out . \"", "The National League sold the Republic of Ireland midfielder to the Cherries for \u00a3 175,000 in 2012 and had a 15 % clause included in the deal . O'Kane moved for an fee , but Nicholson says any money will go to help the club . \" I do think I 'll be getting anything ,\" Nicholson told BBC Devon . \" There 's things . \" The Gulls are looking for owners having been taken over by a consortium of business people summer . They were forced to close down the club 's academy and reduce the playing budget after millionaire owner Thea Bristow left the club .", "Iwan Wyn Lewis of Penygroes , Gwynedd , had been sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd after assaulting his mother . The 36-year-old was visited by an officer in April 2016 about his bail arrangements , which a doctor said could have added to his distress . His body was found in the Menai Strait on 2 May . Mr Lewis was receiving treatment at the hospital 's Hergest unit and was moved to the Cynan ward he received the visit from the officer . Speaking at the inquest in Caernarfon on Thursday , consultant psychiatrist Dr Olufemi Adebajo said he was \" \" about the visit . \" I do think the police should be to come to the ward without permission ,\" he said . Asked by coroner Nicola Jones whether the conversation with the officer could have added to Mr Lewis' agitation and distress , Dr Adebajo said : \" It 's - \" . He said he had known Mr Lewis for than two years and considered him to be a suicide risk . The day before his death , he had asked staff for medication because he said he was feeling , but they did change his dosage because they could see no sign of agitation . On the evening of 2 May , Mr Lewis told staff he was going to the shop , but 45 minutes his body was found in the Menai Strait . The inquest continues .", "The 33-year-old has featured for the Foxes this term , having signed a deal with the Premier League newcomers in the summer . Blackpool forward Taylor-Fletcher scored three goals in 23 games for his parent club season . He joined the Owls to Saturday 's Championship game against Norwich City .", "The ska group tweeted the news : \" It is with regret that we say goodbye to our friend , the world 's drummer , our Brad . RIP . \" Bradbury joined The Specials in 1979 , and continued with the band The Special AKA , who had a 10 hit with Free Nelson Mandela . Bradbury took part in The Specials reunion tour in 2009 . He headed up a band called JB Allstars . The band 's representatives said the drummer died in England but no cause of death was given . In a statement , his family said : \" It is with regret that we have to announce the news that our loved husband and father John ' Brad ' Bradbury passed on Monday the 28 of December . \" Brad 's drumming was the powerhouse behind The Specials and it was seen as a part to the Two Tone sound . He was respected in the world of drumming and his style of reggae and ska was seen as The Specials hit the charts in 1979 . \" He was an part of The Specials reforming in 2008 and toured with them up to the day . His contribution to the world of music can be and he will missed by family , friends and fans . \" It is the family 's wish that they are allowed the time to remember him . \" The news comes three months after the band 's trombonist , Rico Rodriguez , died . The band , famed for their 1960s outfits , had seven UK 10 singles including and Ghost Town . Founder and songwriter Jerry Dammers dissolved the band in 1981 but they re-grouped and continue to perform and record without their leading man . Billy Bragg was one of the musicans to pay tribute to Bradbury. : \" A day for music . we lose Lemmy , news that Brad from the Specials has passed . RIP . \" Bradbury was born and brought up in Coventry the band was formed in 1977 . Music producer Pete Waterman , from Coventry , expressed his shock at the news of the Bradbury 's death . Speaking to BBC Coventry and Warwickshire , Waterman said : \" I had a laugh with Brad . He was of being in the band and what we 'd and he 'd achieved . \" He left Coventry because he wanted to be part of the scene ... he was . \"", "The major champion , playing in his PGA Tour event for 18 months , carded a round of 72 , but missed the cut by four shots after his first-round 76 . World number one Jason Day and US Open champion Dustin Johnson missed the cut at Torrey Pines in San Diego . leader Rose carded a one-under 71 to put him on eight under . Canada 's Adam Hadwin and USA 's Brandt Snedeker are tied in on seven under , while US PGA champion Jimmy Walker missed the cut as he finished on three over . Woods is playing in his tournament since 15 months out with a injury . \" It 's being to have a chance to win the tournament ,\" said the , who won his major , the US Open , at the course in 2008 . \" today was a lot than yesterday . I hit it , I putted . I hit a lot of putts that did go , but I hit it today , which was . \" Scotland 's Martin Laird and England 's Paul Casey are both on two under , while Ireland 's Shane Lowry is on level par .", "Media playback is supported on this device \" If I push it , I could go or end up on medication ,\" he said . \" There is a chance of rejection . \" The Manchester United , Newcastle and Blackburn forward suffered kidney failure in 2015 after contracting an virus . He has returned to his role as a United ambassador following surgery . The 45-year-old is allowed to fly to Barcelona for a Manchester United legends game on 30 June . Cole said : \" It is a road . It is a road and to the battles I have had . \" It is like getting a football injury , you go to the gym and work a bit . \" His nephew Alexander provided the donor kidney - \" a job \" as Cole described it . Cole has improved and has lost of the weight he gained through his illness . And while there is work to do , Cole , who will be United 's manager for the return legends game against Barcelona at Old Trafford on 2 September , is looking to playing if a match is staged in 2018 . He said : \" I get but I can do a lot than I was to two years . If this game is played year I want to be . \" this week , another Newcastle and England striker , Alan Shearer , told the BBC he felt English clubs were a way off being to challenge for the Champions League . Cole agrees , saying : \" From what I have seen in Europe , I am any of the English teams will win it . They are miles . \" If you look at Real Madrid , Barcelona or Bayern Munich , a lot of the players people are talking about Premier League clubs paying \u00a3 50m or \u00a3 60m for ca get in their teams . \" That tells you they are at . \"", "Pakistan 's telecoms regulator said the ban was because Google , which owns YouTube , had launched a version . YouTube has denied claims that the authorities can filter content . Pakistanis have welcomed the lifting of the ban but some activists want details of the deal with Google . They say there should be transparency of the terms agreed between Google and the government . A Pakistan Telecommunication Authority ( PTA ) official confirmed to the BBC that all internet service providers had been directed to open access to YouTube . The Pakistan Telecommunication Company Ltd posted on its Facebook page on Monday : \" Welcome Back YouTube \" . Pakistan 's ministry of information technology said : \" Google has provided an web process through which requests for blocking access of offending material can be made by the PTA to Google . \" Google / YouTube will restrict access to the said offending material for users within Pakistan . \" , a YouTube spokeswoman said government requests for the removal of content would be granted . \" We have community guidelines , and videos violate those rules , we remove them ,\" she said . \" In addition , we have launched YouTube and we are notified that a video is in that country , we may restrict access to it after a review . \" She said requests by governments for content to be removed would be recorded in YouTube 's Transparency Report . Pakistan 's ban on YouTube was imposed by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the film Innocence of Muslims was uploaded . The video was condemned in the world and sparked protests for its mocking portrayal of the Prophet Muhammad . than a dozen people died in protests in Pakistan . Blasphemy is a crime in Pakistan and can carry the death penalty , although such a sentence has been carried out . Google revealed week that it had launched versions of YouTube for Nepal , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .", "The 26-year-old was injured in week 's win over Exeter . Director of rugby Richard Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester : \" With eight weeks of the season to go that is the we will see of him . \" , scrum-half Sam Harrison , 24 , has signed a deal , but the length of the contract has been revealed . Benjamin has been plagued by injuries since signing from Worcester in 2012 , suffering a neck injury which delayed his debut by 15 months . He sustained a knee injury that ruled him out for four months term . But Cockerill said : \" It is and he will make a recovery in the eight to 10 weeks . \"", "The death toll doubled over the two days as officials found than 100 bodies once waters began receding . Officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people in the state . This years monsoon rains have affected millions across 20 states in India . The state of Assam has seen dozens killed and hundreds of thousands displaced . The government has announced aid packages for affected areas and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is to visit Assam on Tuesday . He has said the aim of his visit is to find a \" solution \" to the flooding that Assam faces every year . The Press Trust of India news agency quoted an official as saying that affected people in Gujarat had begun returning to their villages .", "Two snowsports enthusiasts got married at a ski resort before sliding off down a run in their wedding attire . Bridget and Jonathan Reid , from Moy , near Tomatin in the Highlands , tied the knot at Nevis Range , near Fort William , on Friday . The couple 's date six years was a skiing trip , they decided it would be to get married on skis . Adventure photographer Hamish Frost took their wedding snaps . Bridget , who is a teacher , and Jonathan , who runs his automation company , benefited from snowfalls for their day . They got married in Highland dress , which includes a kilt , and wedding dress surrounded by mountain landscape . The stuff had been lacking over winter , but month 's Storm Doris and spells of weather have helped with the operation of Nevis Range and Scotland 's ski centres . The weds said : \" Over the couple of years we have spent weekends as skiing the Back Corries at Nevis Range . \" We love the atmosphere , the friendliness of the staff and the terrain for skiing . we heard that we could get married it was a no-brainer . \" The couple got married at the top of Easy Gully in a ceremony officiated by Halde Pottinger from the Humanist Society of Scotland . \" He was up for marrying us on skis and did an job . He is trying to establish whether or we are the wedding conducted and vowed in skis - officiate and couple ,\" said the Reids . \" We ca believe we are but there ca be . We managed to twist the arm of adventure photographer Hamish Frost , who came to take photographs . \" The couple added : \" The day could have been . Without doubt it was the conditions of the year - with skies and snow , we could have asked for . \" They thanked the staff of Nevis Range for \" a job making our day \" , and for helping in throwing \" a hell of a party \" in the evening .", "The fine follows the conviction of RBS trader , Shirlina Tsang , for fraud year . She was sentenced to 50 months in prison after being caught falsifying records of emerging markets trades . Hong Kong regulators said RBS 's controls were \" \" . The Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) said there were \" weaknesses in its procedures , management systems and controls . \" But the regulator said the fine took into account the bank 's action in alerting the authorities once it had discovered the trades , which took place in its emerging markets rates business in 2011 . \" This deserves credit and is the reason today 's sanctions are ones ,\" Mark Steward , the SFC 's head of enforcement , said in a statement . RBS responded with a statement , reading : \" We put in place a remediation programme that strengthened our governance and oversight , and our control environment . \" The fine is compared to others the bank has received in the years . In December RBS agreed to pay 391m euros (\u00a3 320m ) in penalties to the European Commission for its role in the attempted rigging of Yen Libor and Euribor - the Tokyo and euro equivalents of the London interbank offered rate , or Libor . In the month it was fined $ 100m (\u00a3 60m ) by US regulators for violations of US sanctions against Iran , Sudan , Burma , and Cuba . The bank was found to have removed location information on payments made to US institutions from countries as Iran and Cuba .", "Mandla Hlatshwayo and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men who had robbed women of their phones in a pub in Soweto . The suspects were found in possession of drugs and an gun . South Africa has one of the murder rates in the world with than 50,000 cases reported every year . \" Police are questioning the suspects to see if they can link them to the shooting ,\" says the police 's Lungelo Dlamini . Tributes are pouring in for the star who was a DJ on radio station Jozi FM . Those who knew the 40-year-old have described him as a man .", "Witnesses told officers they heard a gun being fired near Anfield Road Primary School at 09:00 GMT . Pupils and staff and at the All Saints Catholic Primary School have been ordered to stay while police investigate . Ch Supt Mark Harrison said it \" beggars belief \" it would happen at a school . Members of the public told police the shot was fired at a coloured car by a man in a top who was on foot . A Merseyside Police spokeswoman said hospitals had been checked and \" no-one has sought attention for injuries caused by a firearm \" . She said officers were making inquiries and studying CCTV footage of the area . Ch Supt Harrison said the attack \" appears to be targeted \" and was as \" a child could have been injured or \" . He said police wanted to hear from those inside the car \" we know they are \" . Anfield Road Primary School 's headteacher Clair Drew-Williams said her pupils were \" and of the incident \" . \" The site was evacuated , the school day is continuing as and a trip for some pupils took place as planned ,\" she said .", "The Olympic champion , 29 , was at the end of a day - her - with a score of 3,928 points . On Sunday she leapt a 6.16m in the jump but threw a 42.60m in the javelin . With the 800m remaining , she has 5,544 points , on course for the 6,200 needed to qualify for the Rio Olympics . Ennis-Hill is competing in her heptathlon since winning gold at London 2012 . A top-12 finish and score of 6,075 points would secure qualification for this summer 's World Championships . Canada 's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton leads of the event , achieving three bests on her way to a 5,834 score . Follow updates and reports on the day of the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting on the BBC Sport website on Sunday , 31 May .", "90 will be returned to Stormont - compared to 108 from assembly polls . Out of the 228 candidates , 70 are women . The election will take place on 2 March . the DUP is fielding the candidates with 38 , followed by Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in on 34 . The Ulster Unionist Party has 24 candidates , while the SDLP and Alliance have 21 each . The Green Party is fielding 18 candidates , the TUV , 14 , the Conservatives 13 and People Before Profit seven . The Workers Party has five candidates in the race , the cross-community Labour Alternative four , the PUP and the Citizens Independent Social Thought Alliance three each and the UKIP one . There are 22 candidates in the field . West Tyrone , East Londonderry and East Antrim have the number of candidates standing , with 15 going on the ballot paper in each . The constituency with the - nine - is Newry and Armagh .", "We received that question from Drew who is planning a trip to New York in December . He asked : \" Should I get my cash or should I wait ? Will there be change between and ? \" Anthony Reuben , from BBC Reality Check , had this answer : \" The BBC does give advice , but are a things to bear in mind ... \" The exchange rate between the pound and the dollar reflects the views of investors about the strengths of the two economies . \" Since the Brexit vote in June the pound has fallen about 18 % against the dollar on the judgment that growth is to be in the US than the UK and that UK interest rates are falling while the movement in US rates is expected to be . \" But it 's that something could happen to change that view - there is a election in the US in November , for example . The outcome of that could make a difference to the exchange rate . \" You do have to put all your eggs in one basket - there is the option to hedge your bets and buy half of your dollars and half of them before you go , as you are going to be hit by charges for carrying out two transactions . \" It is shopping buying currency - avoid buying your currency at the minute at the airport . There are plenty of comparison sites that will help you get the dollars for your pounds , if it is than you would have got a months . \" We asked readers to send in questions about the fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100 . Anthony chose Drew 's question : \" I 'm planning on going to New York in December , should I get my cash or wait ? Will there be change between and ? \" Take a look at some of the questions you 've wanted us to answer : does the NHS spend on homeopathy ? Could the UK take over existing EU trade deals ? Does fracking affect the water supply ? If you are reading this page on the BBC News app , you will need to visit the version of the BBC website to submit your question .", "than 300 people entered Alternative Model of the Year with the winner being decided by judges in Newcastle on Saturday . Vintage-fan Zoe Waters , 19 , from Bishop Auckland , is a student at Newcastle University . Ms Waters said she was to be declared the winner . \" I 've dressed a bit ,\" she said . \" I do know I wanted to be , I guess I choose to wear what I like and look I want to look than worrying about what 's in fashion . \" She said she plans to pursue a career in modelling . \" I 'm 3in and I wanted to look so I thought I could be a model , I had realised the modelling world is . \" Organiser Kieran Martin said : \" There is a lot of prejudice and hatred for people from sub-cultures so we wanted to create something that would celebrate the lives we have , we are of what we are achieving . \" The final was held at Northumbria University in Newcastle .", "The Yomper statue is located in front of the Royal Marines Museum at Eastney . The National Museum of the Royal Navy has started consulting over a proposed move to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard . Campaigners insist it is a memorial to the conflict and \" belongs \" at Eastney . The Yomper statue was created by Philip Jackson , depicting a marine marching across the islands during the 1982 conflict and was unveiled by minister , Lady Thatcher , in 1992 . The National Museum of the Royal Navy ( NMRN ) is planning to relocate the Royal Marines Museum from Eastney to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 13m lottery funded project and wants to take the statue with it . An petition against moving the statue has attracted than 1,800 signatories , saying it was \" considered as our Falklands War Memorial \" . Sheila Mackie who set it up said : \" The imposing scale of The Yomper needs space and distance to be appreciated , and the visualization of the part in the campaign that the statue represents could be achieved in an space . \" Conservative-led Portsmouth City Council voted to express a \" preference \" that the statue remain it it is . Its motion stated : \" The Yomper statue has graced the seafront for years , serving as a reminder of both the Falklands War and of the Marines' association with Eastney . \" NMRN director Jon Rawlinson said the museum site would have 750,000 visitors a year , compared to 40,000 at the museum . \" He would be seen by people at the dockyard , but of course he was built for [ Eastney ] and is part of . \" He said no decision had been made and it would consider all comments submitted to its consultation .", "It is believed to be the alleged breach of the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures ( TPim ) . The suspect appeared at the Old Bailey accused of failing to contact a monitoring company and report to a police station in January . The Home Office has refused to comment on the case . TPims replaced control orders in January 2012 . The suspect - who can be referred to as BM - was one of nine citizens to a TPim the figures were disclosed in March . The BBC is of anyone who has appeared in court charged with a breach of a TPim . The Home Office said : \" We do comment on cases . The police investigate all breaches of TPims and will prosecute that is . \" Those to a TPim can be ordered to stay at a specified address and report to a police station every day . measures include a ban on contacting individuals , going to areas and places and travelling . Labour has argued that TPims have \" weakened \" protection against terrorism . In March , the reviewer of terror laws , David Anderson , said TPims could prove than control orders because they can be imposed for a period of two years . The court heard that BM is charged with two counts of breaching Section 23 of a TPim order . The allegations are that on 16 January he failed to contact a monitoring company , and on 27 January failed to report to a police station . BM , who has a beard and was dressed for the hearing in a shirt , cannot be named nor have his address published for reasons . The prosecutor Louise Gray asked for a date of 2 July to be set for a plea and case management hearing . The defendant was granted bail although he remains to the restrictions imposed by his TPim . A trial date was set .", "The 33-year-old takes over the role from Charlotte Burton , whom he assisted season alongside his coaching commitments at Brighton College . Seamer Anyon took 199 wickets in 63 appearances for Sussex between 2010 and 2014 and retired year because of a knee injury . He will coach the women 's and under-21 sides . \" This is a opportunity to continue working with Sussex ,\" he said . \" The women 's game is and I am looking to bringing my experiences from cricket and using them to help the girls . \" Alexia Walker , Sussex 's women 's player and coach of the side , will take on roles with the , under-21 and under-19 sides .", "The brother of Sunderland 's Wes Brown , had been on trial with the Shakers . Brown has had spells at Bradford , Doncaster , Oldham , Coventry , Ipswich , Watford and Carlisle , making over 50 appearances in the Football League . He is for Bury 's League One season opener as they travel to Doncaster on Saturday . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "47 % of working South Africans earn than the wage , which is being introduced to combat income poverty and inequality . But critics say it could put people out of work as employers might be to afford the wages . The government says it will consult on the issue , but hopes to introduce a wage within two years . Announcing the rate , which was proposed by a panel of advisers , the country 's deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa said : \" We are a step to finalising discussions on the wage . All partners will decide what their take is . \" He said the panel was endorsing the proposed figure as a living wage , but wanted to set a payment for workers . Wages are in the country , the unemployment rate is to 25 % . One employment expert reckoned the figure was a quarter of the amount needed for the upkeep of a household . Prof Chris Malikane of the University of Witwatersrand told a Johannesburg radio station : \" You would need 12,000 rand to sustain a household . \" The African National Congress , South Africa 's ruling party , supported the proposal calling it \" and supported by evidence \" . , the Economic Freedom Fighters , the country 's party , said the plan \" favours business at the expense of workers \" . It called for a wage of 4,500 rand . South Africa faces a downgrade to sub-investment grade by credit ratings agencies next month , with concerns remaining over wage strikes . Moody 's rates South Africa two notches above subinvestment grade , with a outlook , while Fitch and S & P Global Ratings have it a step above \" junk \" . , Mr Ramaphosa said : \" We have made progress on the labour instability issues ,\"", "50.5 overs were at the MCG , but Australia got wickets at intervals with Jackson Bird taking two for 53 . Azhar 's half-century saw him pass 1,000 Test runs in 2016 . Australia lead the series 1-0 , having beaten Pakistan by 39 runs in the opener at the Gabba . Sami Aslam was undone by Nathan Lyon after making nine and , after Azhar and Babar Azam batted through the remainder of the morning , Azam edged the ball before lunch from Josh Hazlewood to give Steve Smith his catch . Misbah-ul-Haq scored 11 off 13 balls with a four and a six before being caught at leg by Nic Maddinson off Bird . Bird bowled Younus Khan off an edge to end a stand of 51 . The wicket came before the scheduled tea break and the weather meant that interval came and play resumed .", "It was the time the Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) system had been used to select two members in the ward in a by-election . The SNP topped the vote in the Leith Walk by-election , while Scottish Labour won the seat from the Greens . The by-election was called after Deidre Brock of the SNP and Maggie Chapman of the Scottish Greens stood down . The SNP 's John Lewis Ritchie topped the Leith Walk poll with 2,290 votes . He was elected at stage one in the STV process with a swing in first-preference votes of 7.6 % from Labour . Labour 's Marion Donaldson received 1,623 votes , of Susan Jane Rae of the Scottish Greens on 1,381 . Ms Donaldson was elected at stage 10 of the voting process after preferences had been considered . The by-election was called after Ms Brock stood down she was elected as the SNP MP for Edinburgh North and Leith in May . Ms Chapman , of the Scottish Greens , resigned from her post to concentrate on standing for the Scottish Parliament in May 's election . The turnout for the by-election was 25.1 % . The SNP held the Midlothian West seat on Midlothian Council with a swing of 6.3 % from Labour . The party 's Kelly Parry secured 1,540 votes , of Labour 's Ian Miller on 945 votes . The by-election was called after Owen Thompson was elected as SNP MP for the constituency .", "Hooker Hughes , 20 , featured for Llandovery during the 2015-16 season while flanker Evans has played for Scarlets' Under-18 side . Both players have been included in Wales' squad for June 's Junior World Championship . Wales play Ireland , Georgia and New Zealand in Pool A in Manchester . \" They both enjoyed a Six Nations campaign and will take confidence into the World Championships ,\" Scarlets manager of rugby Jon Daniels said .", "Eleven people were killed a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into traffic on the A27 on 22 August . West Sussex fire officer Sean Ruth said the recovery operation was \" \" for crews . Sussex Police have finished their work at the scene , but their investigations are continuing . Mr Ruth said the fire service had been \" \" by the messages of support it had received . \" The thoughts and prayers of everyone at West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service continue to be with the families and friends of those killed and injured in the Shoreham Air Show tragedy ,\" he said . He anticipated that Friday would be the day his crews worked at the scene and wanted to thank people for the \" support we have received \" . \" In my 27 years of service I have experienced such an outpouring of gratitude and respect as I have received on behalf of West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service over the weeks - from letters and emails , to words of thanks in the street , and from visitors at a number of our fire stations ,\" he said . Det Chief Insp Carwyn Hughes , of Sussex Police , said : \" Our officers and staff have been and have worked over the three weeks to find answers for the families . \" We have finished work on the A27 , our investigation continues . \" On Thursday , the Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) said it wanted to interview pilot Andy Hill as . Reports that Mr Hill , a RAF pilot from Sandon , near Buntingford in Hertfordshire , had left hospital have been confirmed by police . An AAIB report said Mr Hill was thrown of the aircraft during the part of the crash , but it is whether he initiated his ejection . After the crash , the pilot 's family issued a statement which said they were devastated and saddened by the loss of life and sent prayers and condolences to the families of all those affected . West Sussex County Council said the closed lane of the A27 was expected to be reopened to traffic week but screens will stay up on the roadside for reclamation work on the land to be completed .", "Spokesman Josh Earnest confirmed a party was held on Saturday but said . The guest list of 500 was said to include lobbyists , CEOs and celebrities . The Rev Al Sharpton tweeted about a performance by Prince and Steve Wonder . The rights activist and TV host wrote it was \" \" to see them both on the keyboards . Mr Earnest did say the Obamas' paid for the party on \" their dime \" , but would say the party cost . The New York Post reported that film director Tyler Perry , actresses Angela Bassett and fashion designer Naeem Khan were among the guests .", "Causanagh Road , Loughgall Tannyoky Road , Poyntzpass Carrowreagh Road , Dundonald Edenticullo Road , Hillsborough New Line Road , Rathfriland Drumanure Road , Derrygonnelly", "The Alabama Securities Commission led the investigation , which helps prevent fraud against the . After an agent interviewed Lee , the commission 's head said he was she wanted a book published . The work - Go Set a Watchman - will be the author 's release since the 1960s . The move prompted some suggestions Lee was manipulated into publishing the manuscript , which was discovered by her lawyer in the author 's possessions year . \" We closed the file . Let 's say that she was to answer questions we asked to our satisfaction from our point of view ,'' said Joseph Borg , Alabama Securities Commission director . The New York Times reported that the investigation was sparked by requests from a doctor that the state investigate whether Lee was to have consented to the release of the work . Lee herself was \" \" by allegations she was manipulated , her lawyer Tonja Carter said . To Kill a Mockingbird was published in July 1960 and has sold than 40 million copies around the world . Go Set a Watchman was written To Kill A Mockingbird , and features of the characters , with an Scout Finch returning to her Alabama from New York to visit her father .", "Washington blamed Russia and the government for intensifying their attacks against civilians . week , the US warned it would halt the talks unless Moscow stops bombing the city of Aleppo . Russia said it regretted the US move , accusing it of shifting the blame for the collapse of month 's truce . Aleppo , Syria 's city in the north , has come under bombardment since the end of the ceasefire two weeks . The trauma hospital in the part of the city was hit in an air strike for the time in a week , activists said on Monday . Hundreds of people , including children , have died since government forces launched an offensive to take control of Aleppo after the truce lapsed . 250,000 people are trapped in Aleppo . In a statement , state department spokesman john Kirby said : \" The United States is suspending its participation in channels with Russia that were established to sustain the cessation of hostilities . \" , Russia failed to live up to its commitments ... and was either or to ensure regime adherence to the arrangements to which Moscow agreed . \" , Russia and the regime have chosen to pursue a course ,\" Mr Kirby said , admitting that \" this is a decision that was taken \" . He said Moscow and President Bashar al-Assad 's troops had been \" targeting of infrastructure as hospitals , and preventing aid from reaching civilians in need , including through the 19 September attack on a aid convoy \" . Moscow denies involvement of its or planes in the aid convoy strike , and says the incident was caused by fire on the ground and by an air strike . In response to the US suspension of the talks , ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said : \" We regret this decision by Washington . \" \" Washington did fulfil the condition of the agreement to improve the condition around Aleppo . \" After failing to fulfil the agreements that they themselves worked out , they are trying to shift responsibility on to someone ,\" Ms Zakharova said . She said that the US had failed to divide groups in Syria from the opposition . Russia and the US were to convene in Geneva to try to co-ordinate air strikes against groups , but officials were told to return . The US said that it would withdraw personnel \" that had been dispatched in anticipation of the establishment of the Joint ( US-Russian ) Implementation Centre \" . , the two sides would keep talking about counter-terrorism operations in Syria to avoid clashes .", "The parishioners at St Paul 's , Shipley , posted the video on Facebook in February after a advert failed to attract any applicants . It was viewed than 30,000 times and attracted media coverage across the UK . The vicar , Henriette Howarth , will take up the post week . The song , written by the children with the help of the church 's director Rachel Hesselwood , listed the qualities the vicar needed . It begins with the lines : \" If you want this choice position have a disposition . Make us laugh , smile lots , play games , tell jokes . \" requirements included \" You must be , you must be . Bible stories you will share . \" Boy or girl it does matter - but you must enjoy Harry Potter ! \" It ends with a promise by the children to keep the church and to \" talk in your sermons , we 'll be you 'll see \" .", "The Belgium international , 24 , changed the game from the bench but fell in injury time . His agent Patrick de Koster said De Bruyne would miss six weeks . But , after seeing a specialist , the \u00a3 55m Wolfsburg player said : \" I 'll be for 10 weeks . \" De Bruyne could miss up to 13 league and cup games , including the League Cup final with Liverpool on 28 February , both legs of the Champions League tie with Dynamo Kiev and the Manchester derby on 20 March . The Belgian is City 's goalscorer with 12 this season , four behind striker Sergio Aguero . De Koster added : \" Kevin told me the thing he can do is work and come . Kevin is . His dream is to be playing football . \" De Bruyne scored one goal and set up another to help City to a 4-3 aggregate victory over the Toffees . Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles , who tried to lift up De Bruyne as he lay injured , used media to say . \" I would like to apologise to Kevin de Bruyne for my reaction to his injury ,\" said the Spaniard . \" In the heat of the moment I did realise he was . I wish him all the and a recovery . \"", "The attacker , a man , died on Sunday , they said . Five people were hurt the man set fire to the train and stabbed passengers in the attack on Saturday . Two of them , including a child , are in a condition . Police have said that , as , there is no indication of a or motive for the attack . The attack occurred around 14:20 ( 12:20 GMT ) as the train was approaching Salez station , between the towns of Buchs and Sennwald . dozen passengers were on board at the time . In a statement ( in German ) , St Gallen police said video evidence from inside the train showed the attacker , armed with a knife , pouring out a liquid . Six people - including the attacker - were injured . The injured person was a man on the platform who pulled the burning attacker off the train . experts are analysing the liquid and the scene of the crime . Police said the attacker lived in a canton adjoining St Gallen . His address has been searched . On the basis of the video evidence , police say the man acted .", "The Flybe passenger aircraft was flying at 900ft ( 275m ) and was 2 miles ( 3km ) from Cornwall Airport Newquay it happened on Tuesday afternoon , police said . Devon and Cornwall Police conducted a search of the area but have found the drone or operator . Insp Dave Meredith called it \" an incident \" . on the drone near miss , and stories from Devon and Cornwall \" The proximity of the drone to the passenger aircraft shows a disregard by the operator for safety and we are appealing to the public for information to help us track down this drone operator ,\" Insp Meredith said . A spokeswoman for Cornwall Airport Newquay confirmed a drone had flown within the air traffic zone to the approach to the airport as the plane flew from London Stansted carrying 62 passengers . \" Although on this occasion there was no danger of collision , Air Traffic Control ( ATC ) reported this incident to the police as the drone should have been flown in that area without ATC clearance and posed a danger to incoming flights ,\" she said . A spokesperson for the UK Civil Aviation Authority said : \" Airspace proximity incidents , whether involving two aircraft , or a drone and an aircraft , need to be investigated to establish the level of risk involved . \" The UK Airprox Board , which investigates airspace proximity incidents , said it had received any report of the incident . Flybe said it would \" work \" with all authorities to help identify the perpetrators of any activity which could jeopardise passenger safety . Operators of any surveillance aircraft must fly them within 50m ( 164 ft ) of any vessel , vehicle or structure which is under the user 's control , unless they have obtained permission from the Civil Aviation Authority , according to the Air Navigation Order 2009 . Figures have shown there were reported misses between drones and aircraft over the UK in the six months of 2016 than the whole of the year .", "The seal was found at Cruden Bay on Tuesday . The SPCA removed the seal from beach and took it to the charity 's rescue centre it was cut . Ch Insp John Carle said : \" The amount of netting tangled around the seal 's neck was the I have seen . It was a moment watching the seal heading into the water . \" He added : \" He was and it took three of our officers to lift him and take him to our centre in Drumoak we cut the net . \" If he had been discovered and freed the net would have cut through his skin which could have resulted in septicaemia or infections . \" there were no injuries in this case and we were to release him . \" This was a ending and we 're we were to help . \"", "The archive of travel writer , war hero and adventurer Sir Patrick Leigh Fermor has been catalogued by the National Library of Scotland . The collection includes letters from Prince Charles and Truman Capote . Sir Patrick , who was known as Paddy , died in 2011 at the age of 96 . He published books on his travels around the world and one of the items in the archive is the surviving notebook from his 1933 trek across Europe . The trek provided the material for his books , ' A Time of Gifts ' , ' Between the Woods and the Water ' and ' The Broken Road ' . Thousands of items which occupy 16 metres of shelving took a year to be catalogued by library staff . Along with letters from century figures they uncovered manuscripts , sketches and what appears to be an John Betjeman poem on the back of an envelope . Sir Patrick spent of World War Two on Crete . During his time he disguised himself as a shepherd to organise guerrilla operations against the Nazis . He led one of the feats of the war in 1944 , capturing the commander of the garrison on Crete . The 1957 film starring Dirk Bogarde ' Ill Met by Moonlight ' was based on the operation . Graham Stewart , the library curator who worked on the archive project , said : \" It is a history of the life of a writer . He was a superstar of his day and his books have , if anything , grown in popularity over the years . \" There has been a lot of interest in the archive and we expect this to increase among Leigh Fermor fans and people in the century . \" The library is working on digitising some of the archive so it can be viewed on its website . They are considering holding exhibitions and displays of the collection so people will be to see it . The archive was given to the library by the John R Murray Charitable Trust . John Murray was Sir Patrick 's publisher and the trust supported the cataloguing of the collection .", "Mr Roache , who is secretary of the union 's Yorkshire region , won 56.7 % of the vote , while the candidate , Paul McCarthy , from the North West region , had 43.3 % . The union is the in the UK with than 600,000 members . secretary Paul Kenny announced in the summer he was standing down after a decade in the job . Mr Roache has 35 years experience at the GMB and led the Leeds City Council refuse and street cleaning strike in 2009 - the in the union 's history . He said he was \" and \" to have been elected . \" I will repay GMB members' faith in me by leading a 21st Century union that fights for our members , their families and communities , every hour of every day . \" Mr Roache paid tribute to Mr Kenny for his work \" that has made GMB the envy of the union movement \" . Details of the handover date have to be agreed . The GMB is one of the three affiliates to the Labour Party and is a contributor to the party and .", "The club , which is owned by its fans via the Exeter City Supporters Trust , declared a profit of \u00a3 1.642m for 2014-15 , due to the sale of midfielder Matt Grimes to Swansea City . The deal in January 2015 for \u00a3 1.75m , was a record sale for the club . The profits came in the year that the club were forced to get an emergency loan to pay players' wages . In June 2014 cashflow problems meant the Professional Footballers' Association stepped to pay the players and forced Exeter into a transfer embargo which was lifted in August of that year . The club 's accounts show that Exeter had a surplus of funds of \u00a3 761,000 , compared to a deficit of \u00a3 880,000 the year and reduced their cost base by 5 % . Exeter are hoping to redevelop St James Park after being given planning permission month . \" The board have agreed in terms the income from the transfer should be spent to improve the infrastructure strength of the club in line with its vision and model and these plans are being developed in detail for presentation ,\" said a club statement .", "The United Arab Emirates thrower was training at Newham Leisure Centre for the World Para-athletics Championships in London . Majid Rashed , vice president of the UAE International Paralympic Committee , confirmed \" the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete 's head \" . Hayayei , 36 , was pronounced at the scene at 17:20 BST on Tuesday . The Health and Safety Executive and police are investigating the incident , which was witnessed by some of Hayayei 's team-mates and UAE staff . \" I can say the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete 's head - but that happened , we can say ,\" Rashed said on Wednesday . Media playback is supported on this device The IPC said two of the athlete 's coaches were but were involved . Hayayei , a father of five , was preparing to compete in the F34 class at the Championships . \" He was , he wanted to win medals for his country and for his family . He had a lot of dreams within the para-sports movement , \" Rashed said , adding that the UAE team will compete in London . \" The athletes were to Abdullah , they trained in the centre in the UAE . It 's for all of us but we promised ourselves that we are going to continue and we are going to win something for Abdullah , bringing the performance from the athletes . \" We are working with the athletes to get them in a situation , today will be than yesterday , tomorrow we believe will be for them . \" The Metropolitan Police said emergency services \" were called after 17:00hrs on Tuesday ... to reports of a injured man at Newham Leisure Centre \" . It added : \" At this stage , it is believed the man was struck by a metal pole which formed part of training facilities at the centre . \" IPC president Sir Philip Craven said : \" We are by this news and the passing of Abdullah . \" Hayayei made his debut at Rio 2016 , finishing in the javelin F34 and in shot put F34 . London 2017 , which starts on Friday , was to be Hayayei 's World Championships . At the 2015 event in Doha , Qatar , he finished in the discus F34 and in shot put F34 . He was set to compete in the shot put , discus and javelin F34 events . A moment of silence will be held in honour of Hayayei during Friday 's opening ceremony at London Stadium .", "The end of year saw growth across sectors of the economy , but there are concerns about rising prices , skill shortages and falling sales . Manufacturers reported their growth in orders for three years , with export demand . In retail , there was a return to optimism - though , and despite profitability being squeezed . In tourism , firms reported improving visitor numbers in the quarter of the year , but falling sales revenues . Responses to the survey , carried out for the Chambers of Commerce by Strathclyde University economists at the Fraser of Allander Institute , were than the figures published on Wednesday . The Labour Force Survey and the Gross Domestic Product figures showed weakness in the economy , while covering an part of 2016 than the Chambers' survey . While the GDP assessment from the government has seen a contraction in the year , the Chambers found a picture , with growth in contracts . , there are warning signals survey , with tourism companies having difficulties in finding recruits . firms flagged up rising prices . Construction is expecting an investment dip . The of the five sectors covered was finance and business services . firms in that part of the economy saw employment fall than saw it rise . But on balance , firms say sales revenue is expected to increase . Neil Amner , chairman of the Scottish Chambers of Commerce advisory group , said : \" Our data shows that businesses will have a 2017 , with business optimism remaining for sectors . \" This is news for the economy , as we continue to deal with uncertainty and issues including a rating revaluation and a divergence of Income Tax between Scotland and the rest of the UK . \" The business mood remains but firms expect business growth to be challenged by rising prices , tightening of cash flow and profitability , import costs impacted by exchange rates and a increase of inflation as the year goes on . \" On the side , exporters are continuing to report a growth in trade , though matching up to their expectations . \" Optimism could be balanced and anything that rocks the boat could change the glass from half to half . \" Business success in 2017 will depend upon the ability of firms to manage costs and for consumer demand to remain in the face of pressures to incomes . \"", "Wellington monument on the Blackdown Hills , in Somerset , was built in 1817 but since 2005 it has been fenced off because of falling stone debris . The National Trust is using radar on the 174ft ( 53m ) tower to see under its stone cladding . Ken Evans , from the trust , said the work was \" \" . Built on one of the points of the Blackdown Hills , the landmark was put up as a tribute to the Duke of Wellington 's achievements at the Battle of Waterloo . But according to the trust , it has been struck by lightning in its history and renovating the landmark every 10 to 15 years has been \" and \" . Mr Evans , the trust 's building surveyor , said the radar study was one of being carried out to \" understand this and monument \" . \" We have been using wind and movement sensors which have surprised us by showing that it does flex in the wind as we expected ,\" he said . \" The radar seeks to identify voids and gaps in the stonework under the surface but should tell us about the materials which were used to build the obelisk . \" Data from the survey will be used to build a computer model of the obelisk and help with a \" repair approach \" .", "The world 's clothing retailer posted earnings of \u20ac 1.26bn (\u00a3 1.1bn ) in the six months to 31 July - 8 % on the period year . Sales jumped from \u20ac 9.4bn to \u20ac 10.5bn , an increase of 11 % . The group 's clothes can be bought in around 40 countries , it said . Inditex operates eight brands in 90 countries including Pull & Bear , Massimo Dutti and Bershka . Zara 's founder became the man in the world - for two days Chairman and executive Pablo Isla emphasised the firm 's investment in technology , saying the firm had expanded its stores to 11 countries in the period . It launched phone payment in all its stores , with the objective of \" extending the service to countries \" . This will encompass apps for all of its brands and a app for the group called InWallet . Mr Isla said : \" Both our and stores are connected , driven by platforms as payment , and initiatives that we will continue to develop . \" Tom Gadsby , an analyst at Liberum , said the firm 's \" drive \" was . \" I expect over the years they may find they do have to open as stores to maintain their growth rate as the channel will become ,\" he said . \" And while Zara is in of the territories in which they operate [ ] , of their brands are outside Europe . \" there is a opportunity for them to expand into territories . \" The company said it had benefited from growth in Spain , Inditex gets about a fifth of its sales . That country 's clothing market grew at an average of 3 % in the three-months to the end of July , according to the statistics agency . All of the group 's brands increased their presence during the period , with 83 stores opened in 38 countries . In a call with analysts , it said it would open 6-8 % of store space over course of the year . The firm 's performance sets it from rivals H & M and Next , which have blamed weather for results this year .", "It comes as a documentary , The Betrayed Girls is being shown on BBC One nine men jailed for grooming girls in the town in 2012 . Laura , who was abused by the gang from the age of 13 until she was 17 , said the targeting of girls by men was going on in Greater Manchester . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said it was \" \" to tackling abusers . Laura , whose identity is protected as a victim of a sex crime , told BBC Two 's Victoria Derbyshire show said she was walking in Oldham town centre through an community a couple of months . \" I was getting cars pulling over to me asking me if I wanted to go for a drink ,\" said Laura . \" It 's bothering them . I do think they understand that they are doing something . \" Nazir Afzal the north west 's crown prosecutor who brought the case against the Rochdale gang said five years on some victims are being listened to . Mr Afzal overturned a decision to charge nine men who ran the child sex exploitation ring . He said there have been \" rises \" in investigations and prosecutions into the crime and victims were in reporting abuse and they are getting support . , he said : \" Victim support groups are telling me victims are being listened to and told the case is to bring [ to court ].\" He said some victims of child sex exploitation were being told that police were focusing on cases , . Mr Afzal said agencies must be and \" working \" was needed between the police , councils and agencies and groups . GMP said it was \" \" they learnt the lessons from the past and it was \" \" to working with partners across Greater Manchester to tackle the exploitation of children and people . \" We have been working for years to prevent this crime from happening and provide support to victims and their families . \" Rochdale Council said services \" failed \" the victims but lessons have \" been learnt from it \" . Steve Rumbelow , executive of Rochdale Borough Council , said : \" Since 2012 the council and its partners have worked to make the changes needed , to increase knowledge , prevent harm , challenge those who wish to exploit children and support victims and survivors . \" The documentary which features testimonies from victims for the time follows a BBC One drama Three Girls . Source : Greater Manchester Police", "Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock in the Victoria Centre store at 22:40 BST on Tuesday . Managers had hoped for a weekend reopening but it is closed \" until notice \" . Staff have been helping with the clean-up operation . Water poured from a rooftop room , leaving the floor under three inches of water and stock \" \" damaged . A spokeswoman said : \" Our teams are working around the clock to get the shop as and we 're for the inconvenience this has caused to our customers . \"", "Attendances have fallen in years since the Premiership side moved from Edgeley Park in Stockport to AJ Bell Stadium in Barton in 2012 . Sale have moved games to Friday nights for the season . \" I think there is some rebuilding to do because I think people in the days of moving have had a experience ,\" Cotton told BBC Sport . \" That could be queuing up on a motorway , could get from the stadium , could buy a drink at the ground . Listening to the things we 're going to do to change that , if people come down from they will find a experience . \" The infrastructure is from it needs to be but there are plans to develop that . \" Cotton , 69 , a England and and Irish Lions prop returned to Sale - a club he served as both a player and director - after Simon Orange 's takeover of the Premiership side in June . He has promised to be in his role , despite his commitments with his clothing business . \" What I want to see is a north of England club that can compete at the level ,\" he added . \" That is my motivation for giving up the thing that I have got , and that is my time . \" I think what was lacking was that the board were represented at games and , and I think that is - board members will travel to games and home games . \" One of the announcements from Sale 's board was that director of rugby Steve Diamond will have a seat on it . , Cotton insists there will be no conflict of interest with a member of the coaching staff working as a director . \" It will put no strain on the relationship , we 're to support him ,\" Cotton continued . \" We 'll be working with Diamond to make we can achieve the ambition which we all hold - if we went we 'd be with them . \" Diamond confirmed they are to signing a full-back and are looking for another player to add to their backline , with Bath and London Welsh winger Nick Scott on trial with the club .", "The film about a princess 's journey in Polynesia took an estimated $ 81.1m (\u00a3 65.3m ) on its debut . That makes it the debut of all time , behind Disney 's Frozen , which took $ 93.6m (\u00a3 75.3m ) on its release in 2013 . Some observers have said that Moana and its merchandise are appropriating Pacific Island culture . Disney withdrew a children 's costume promoting the film after activists branded it \" brownface \" , or mocking of their culture by stereotyping . The costume , a suit with skin , tattoos , grass skirt and bone necklace , represented the character Maui , considered a demi-god and ancestor by Polynesians . Disney said it regretted any offence . JK Rowling 's Fantastic Beasts and to Find Them fell to on the US chart , taking $ 65.8m (\u00a3 53m ) . Gossip surrounding Brad Pitt 's marriage break-up failed to spark a amount of interest in his World War Two romance Allied , which stars Marion Cotillard . It took $ 18m (\u00a3 14.4m ) over the weekend , having cost $ 85m (\u00a3 68.5m ) to make , landing in spot behind Doctor Strange . Kyle Davies , Paramount 's head of distribution , said the film appealed to \" audiences \" but noted those \" do storm the theatres [ on ] weekend one \" . \" I think they 're going to take their time ,\" he added . Warren Beatty fared - his film in 15 years , the 1950s Hollywood comedy Rules Do Apply , took $ 2.2m (\u00a3 1.7m ) . The film is Beatty 's directed feature since 1998 's Bulworth . Bad Santa 2 , released 13 years after the and starring Billy Bob Thornton , did a , taking $ 9m (\u00a3 7.3m ) . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The seed , who received a bye in the round , beat the wildcard 6-3 6-1 in over an hour . Konta , the world number 18 , hit 11 aces on her way to a victory . The 25-year-old will play China 's Saisai Zheng , who beat Alize Cornet in her match , in the eight on Friday .", "It happened on the Linn Road in the town at 14:05 BST on Sunday . The two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries . Police have appealed for anyone with information about the attack to contact them .", "Bingham , who won the World Championship in 2015 , reached the semi-finals of the 2016 event before being knocked out by winner Ronnie O'Sullivan . The 39-year-old told BBC Essex he would play in this year 's tournament if his wife gives birth before his game against Joe Perry on Monday . \" The question I 'd ask myself is if she went on the day ,\" he said . \" it could happen and I have got an answer to that question . I 'd have to talk it over with my wife and see we go . \" Bingham , the world number two , said his wife has been in wanting him to play at the tournament , which gets under way on Sunday . He continued : \" She 's had two babies and she 's been in labour for 10 hours , so if that 's the case I 've got a bit of time to ' pot some balls and hurry up ' of thing . \" As I say , we need to talk the day or two because we thought it 'd be out by . \" But being the Little Miss Bingham it 's going to be , I think she 's a bit in my missus' belly . \"", "The cabinet considered an report on Tuesday and voted to remove the section from the pavilion to the seaward end . The report said because of the risk of collapse , the council could wait for consent to begin work , as is the case for a listed building . Work on the \" \" structure is expected to take three weeks . Parts of the Grade ll pier , which was closed to the public it gave way on 1 February , will be saved , catalogued and stored . Iwan Davies , executive of the council , told the meeting : \" The nature of the structure means dismantling it is . \" Up to \u00c2 \u00a3 650,000 has been set for the work but councillors were told there was no way of knowing it would cost .", "The \u00c2 \u00a3 21.5m Castle Mill development at Port Meadow , by the River Thames , has been criticised as and spoiling the view of Oxford 's skyline . The Campaign to Protect Rural England ( CPRE ) will put its case to a High Court judge on 23 October . The university blocks provide 439 accommodation units . The flats overlook a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Scheduled Ancient Monument . CPRE is seeking the review on the basis of Oxford City Council carrying out an impact assessment . The council has said the challenge was as the housing had been built , and it believed the group 's claims were . Helen Marshall , director of CPRE Oxfordshire , said the West Area Planning Committee \" should under no circumstances be rushed into making decisions \" . \" We are that the planning condition on contamination has been met ,\" she added . \" And the mitigation proposals suggested by the university are to counteract the devastating impact of the buildings on Port Meadow and Oxford 's skyline . \" A trees growing to half the height of the buildings in 15 years' time will meet the brief of ' hiding the buildings in summer and softening their impact in winter ' \" Key issues as the height of the buildings and pollution need to be addressed . \" A University of Oxford spokesman said it had \" thought \" about to mitigate the impact of the buildings . \" Some measures have been put in place , and discussions with the city council and others are ongoing about what we can do ,\" he added . \" The University will be making representations at the hearing in October on the issues raised by the challenge . \" In the meantime , we intend to finish and occupy the buildings by the start of the year in October as planned . \" The city council said month it was carrying out an review into the case . An petition against the development on Roger Dudman Way has attracted than 3,000 signatures .", "On Thursday , a skull was found alongside the M54 slip road by workers doing a survey of the junction four roundabout , near Telford . Police confirmed the skull was that of an adult male and had been for two years . West Mercia Police said \" remains \" were found to the skull . The entry slip road remains closed . Det Chief Insp Neil Jamieson said : \" We are in the stages of this investigation and inquiries are . \" He said examinations and excavations were being carried out and police had been in contact with forces asking for information about people who had been reported missing . experts may be called in to help with the investigation . \" This will be a process but we will continue to update the public in course ,\" he added .", "Media playback is supported on this device Dusmatov , 23 , was awarded a points victory - two judges scoring the fight 30-27 , and one 29-28 . Martinez , 24 , is the Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia . The United States' Nico Hernandez , 20 , and world champion Joahnys Argilagos took bronze after losing in the semi-finals . Find out to get into boxing with our guide . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "The University and College Union says the 1.1 % rise offered by the universities is \" an insult \" . But the Universities and Colleges Employers Association said the walkout was \" given the pay offer \" . Unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer , with strike action in the autumn . UCU says its members have suffered a real-terms pay cut of 14. % since 2009 and complains the squeeze on staff salaries has come as university leaders enjoyed increases . \" A 1.1 % pay offer is an insult to staff , in light of the 5 % pay rise vice-chancellors have enjoyed while holding down staff pay ,\" said secretary Sally Hunt . \" action which impacts on students is taken , but members feel that they have been left with no alternative . \" If the employers wish to see a end to this dispute , and avoid disruption , they need to come to the table with a offer . \" Summer exams are running at some universities , though have finished . A spokesman for the employers anticipated \" impact and student disruption \" . \" for examinations which are taking place at some education institutions , than nine out of 10 report that a no to impact is anticipated ,\" said the spokesman . \" We would like to see the UCU consulting its members on the offer . \" The employers say the offer is \" at , and , for some , , a limit of affordability for education institutions and the offer that will be this year \" . They maintain the weighting of the offer means the paid university staff will get a rise of than 5 % . They say they have offered talks on zero-hours contracts and on improving pay for academics . But UCU says it rejected the 1.1 % offer as it was a improvement on the 1 % on which it had balloted members . Ballots of university support staff represented by Unison and Unite are under way on the offer , with both unions recommending it be rejected . Any action would take place during the autumn term , said a Unison spokeswoman . UCU is planning strike rallies in : Staff are working to contract from Wednesday - refusing to set work , cover for colleagues or work overtime .", "The man known as Kazu , or ' King Kazu ' by some fans , will stay with the division side past his birthday . Kazuyoshi played for side Santos in 1986 , so his deal will see his career span over 30 years . \" I 'm to the club staff and supporters who offer me support ,\" said Miura , who scored 55 goals in 89 appearances for Japan . \" I 'll continue to give everything I have and strive ,\" added the Genoa and Dinamo Zagreb striker . , Miura holds the record as the scorer in football - a winner in a division match four months after his birthday . He was in guiding Japan to the 1998 World Cup , scoring 14 goals in qualifying , and played for the side in 2000 . His career , which started he moved to Brazil to play youth football aged 15 , is one of the in football history . week striker Teddy Sheringham registered himself as a player for Stevenage - he is manager - at the age of 49 but opted out of playing in a cup competition .", "The security forces are reported to have used gas against stone-throwing protesters . They surrounded the hometown of Burhan Wani , 22 , who was killed fighting troops year . seven people are reported to have been killed in shelling across the Line of Control that divides and Kashmir . Officials on the side told Reuters that five people died in shelling , while officials say two people were killed by fire . There has been an revolt in the region against rule by India since 1989 , although violence has waned in years . The disputed region is claimed by both India and Pakistan in its entirety . India blames Pakistan for fuelling the unrest , a claim denied by Islamabad . Burhan Wani is credited with reviving the image of militancy in Kashmir , becoming a figurehead for people . Saturday 's violence started as people tried to walk to his home in Tral - he died in a shootout with the army July . His death led to a wave of protests during which dozens of people were killed . The authorities imposed restrictions in the Kashmir valley for the anniversary , stopping internet access and sealing off Tral . There have been reports of army personnel being injured in a attack on Friday .", "The 33-year-old , who is the brother of Harlequins number eight Nick , joined Sale in 2011 after six years at Northampton . Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final at Saints after joining from Nottingham . \" I 've enjoyed my time at Sale , I did want to go ,\" said the back-row . \" It was the time to leave on my terms , which people do . \" I 've had the chance for these games to enjoy and savour them and I 've been . \" He will take up his teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire after the game of the season at Newcastle on Saturday . \" The years , I 've been tailoring my career towards teaching , taking a courses , getting into schools , teaching and coaching ,\" he added . \" The opportunity came up at the time . It felt like the time for me and my family . \"", "Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital , Denbighshire , was closed than three years and a report found some patients were treated like animals . It has emerged that seven families were told treatment may have contributed to their deaths . Betsi Cadwaladr health board said an investigation was under way . It acknowledged the quality of care provided could have been a factor to the deaths of some patients . A review of mortality rates on the ward has been published although it is understood it has been completed . Relatives of one patient told BBC Wales Today they were told care on the ward was . Correspondence seen by the programme included an apology from the health board to the family , who do want to be identified . One letter said : \" Experts found that there were problems in the health care which may have contributed to the death . \" It added that \" the board is engaged in a search for the truth about the Tawel Fan ward \" . But the family were lessons had been learned and said questions remained and , as they were , nobody had lost their job , let be prosecuted . The scandal of Tawel Fan pushed the troubled health board into supervision by the Welsh Government . It remains in measures which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 5m a year . An report into what happened at Tawel Fan was published three years . Two reports are this year . One of them , being compiled by the Health and Social Care Advisory Service ( Hascas ) , is expected to include details of a mortality review of Tawel Fan patients . But Geoff Ryall-Harvey , who leads the patient watchdog Community Health Council in north Wales , said it should be released as . \" It may stop this practice ,\" he added . A Betsi Cadwaladr health board spokesman said : \" We acknowledge that the quality of care provided could have been a factor to the death of some patients . \" Whether this is the case will be established as part of the Hascas investigation , which is being carried out . \" In order to establish whether or the quality of care contributed to any death , every aspect of every patient 's care has to be investigated . \" This is a and time consuming process , but must be carried out in order to determine whether or the care provided was a factor to any death . \" Every family involved in the investigation will receive an report detailing the care provided to their relative . These reports will help inform the findings of the Tawel Fan investigation . \"", "Declan Paul Butcher from Roe Park Court committed the ' punch ' assaults on Market Street in Limavady on 2 October 2014 . CCTV footage showed his victim being knocked . A man suffered a jaw fracture . Butcher appeared at Londonderry Crown Court on Thursday . He was sentenced to 14 months in prison . The court heard that the defendant had 51 convictions including eight assaults . He had been assessed as presenting a likelihood of reoffending . The judge told Butcher he had inflicted \" violence \" on two \" \" members of the public . The man was punched and knocked out he came across the victim lying on Market Street . Both men regained consciousness in hospital .", "\" Hope made a decision that has resulted in a impact on US Soccer and her team-mates ,\" head coach Jill Ellis said . Solo , 33 , will miss matches on 8 February against France and 13 February against England . This month , violence charges against Solo were dropped . In 2012 , Solo , tested for a banned substance a month before winning a Olympic gold medal . She maintained she was the medication she had been prescribed contained a banned substance and she was cleared of any wrongdoing . The US are preparing for the Women 's World Cup in Canada in June they will aim to win their title following victories in 1991 and 1999 . The incident surrounding Solo concerns a training camp being held by the team in Carson , California . Solo 's husband , Seattle Seahawks NFL player Jerramy Stevens , was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in Los Angeles in the hours of Monday morning . Media reports claimed Solo was in the car but she was cited in the incident by Manhattan Beach police officials . Solo tweeted : \" I think it 's for me to take a break , decompress from the stress of the months and come and to contribute to the team . \"", "Omar Khan , 31 , had worked at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years before he was arrested . Erlin Manahasa , Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali joined Khan in admitting the charge , between 1 October and 4 December year , at Nottingham Crown Court . They are to be sentenced on 15 April . Updates on this story and from Nottinghamshire The court heard the case involved the recovery of 1kg ( 2.2lb ) of cocaine . Digby Johnson , a partner at the Johnson firm , confirmed they did represent Khan - who had set up his office and was set to leave the company . \" I find it to believe he could do something as involve himself in drugs and people who were involved in drugs ,\" Mr Johnson said . \" I 'm at a loss . You do question everything you 've believed about anybody . \" Mr Johnson described Khan , of William Street , Huddersfield , as a \" guy \" who was \" \" . \" He would put in hour after hour ,\" he added . \" He was to progress and impress . \" Khan appeared at the court via video link to admit conspiracy to supply the Class A drug . Manahasa , of no fixed address , Dibra , of Joyce Avenue , Nottingham , and Ali , of Chard Street , Nottingham , were remanded in custody following the hearing .", "UKSE is the Tata Steel subsidiary set up to assist growing companies in steel areas . ID Systems works in the and utilities sector from its offices in Grangemouth and Glasgow . Its clients include Scottish Water , Forestry Commission and National Grid . The company , which employs 80 staff , is looking to create the jobs in the Glasgow and Lanarkshire areas as part of an expansion drive. . The move comes after ID Systems secured a number of projects , including manufacturing of wastewater pumping stations and water booster sets . The loan and equity backing from UKSE will help fund ID System 's growth strategy . A management team will be created which , along with UKSE , will have a shareholding in the company . ID Systems finance director Stuart Devine said : \" We had a opportunity to than double the workforce with the contract win and this funding from UKSE will allow us to make that happen as . \" UKSE executive Scott Webb said : \" This , growing business will have the structure to continue expansion along with the funding from UKSE to allow this to happen . \"", "The Time Team presenter joined campaigners to fight the plans , saying they placed the area 's archaeology at risk . The protest by the Stonehenge Alliance was staged outside a consultation event in London . Highways England said it was working to find \" the solution \" . The consultation on its plans for putting the A303 into a 1.8-mile ( 2.9km ) carriageway tunnel runs until 5 March . Highways England says the move would cut congestion and improve journey times . The scheme has the backing of English Heritage and the National Trust . Speaking outside the Society of Antiquaries at Burlington House , Robinson suggested a tunnel . He said : \" I think the proposal we are being offered is a one . \" It assumes what needs to be protected is that clump of stones . \" He said it was over the three decades archaeologists had begun to comprehend the significance of the site . \" That 's a Wiltshire Disneyland experience ,\" he said . \" Once it 's gone , we 'll get that back . \" If you were going to protect Buckingham Palace , you would put a tunnel in down the Mall . \" The Stonehenge Alliance wants options to reduce traffic to be explored . Spokeswoman Dr Kate Fielden said : \" We want a consultation with choice . \" Both of Highways England 's options involve and roadworks gouged into our landscape . \" A spokesman for Highways England said : \" We understand the heritage of the site and one of the objectives of the scheme is to help conserve and enhance the World Heritage Site by removing the sight and sound of traffic and make it to reach and explore . \"", "The 35-year-old joined the Iron from Blackpool in 2013 and has made 119 league appearances for the League One side . He helped them to a finish this season , before they were beaten by Millwall in the play-off semi-finals . Bishop told the club website : \" With the way the season finished , it 's a sense of business and it was for all of us . \"", "Pawel Sroka , 33 , of Meadvale Road , Croydon , was charged on Saturday with the murder of his partner , Joanna Trojniak , of the address . A post-mortem examination on 24 March gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest . Ms Trojniak 's of kin have been informed . Mr Sroka is to appear at Bromley Magistrates' Court on 4 April .", "President Francois Hollande expressed \" sadness \" at the death of Huguette Dupeu in a statement . of the in the raid were tourists . Two of the attackers were killed by security forces . A march against terrorism is planned for Sunday that will finish outside the Bardo museum . President Hollande is among those expected at the event in the capital Tunis . Lyse Doucet : Tunisia 's test of transition Cradle of ' Arab Spring ' under threat The museum 's planned reopening this week was postponed over security concerns . Schoolchildren and students were allowed in on Friday , with the public to be readmitted Monday . The attack , claimed by Islamic State ( IS ) , was the in Tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of ruler Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011 . Over 20 people have been arrested in connection with the attack , although two gunmen are thought to have carried out the raid . They are said to have been trained in Libya in an area controlled by IS . The Prime Minister , Habib Essid , has admitted \" shortcomings \" in the country 's security system and has dismissed six police chiefs over the attack .", "The imagery , released by US intelligence company Stratfor and taken on 31 October , shows all the buildings at the airport , on the outskirts of Mosul , have been razed . Runways have been damaged , with trenches carved into them and rubble placed along their lengths , Stratfor 's analysis says . Taxiways and aprons - aircraft park - have been sabotaged . About 50,000 security forces , Peshmerga fighters , tribesmen and Shia militiamen , assisted by coalition airstrikes , are involved in a offensive to reclaim Mosul from IS militants . Government forces have retaken dozens of villages and towns surrounding the city and are consolidating gains made in Mosul 's outskirts . The damage to the runways has rendered the airport as an asset for attacking forces , says Stratfor . Airports or runways are a objective for assaults on cities , since control over them can deny or enable capabilities , having a impact on the outcome of battles . , IS militants have ensured there is left for approaching forces to gain by taking the site , Stratfor says . IS employed a tactic at Qayyarah air base , 70km ( 43 miles ) of Mosul . , the trenches dug covered the runway , Stratfor says , and it was restored to service within months of the forces recapturing the base in July . By comparison , Mosul airport 's destruction could be to repair . Mirroring the demolition at Qayyarah , IS fighters have levelled every structure at Mosul airport . Stratfor says that as preventing forces and their allies from using the facilities , the tactic serves to clear the line of sight for IS positions on the edge of the airport . Along with restoring the runways , forces would need to rebuild hangars , warehouses and infrastructure in order to use it as a base . In contrast to the destruction in the area , the images show the city 's sugar factory remains - testimony to its utility to IS . After the jihadists captured Mosul in June 2014 , they continued to operate the factory , says Stratfor , and than a year , executed the plant 's manager she refused to run it for them . , the images show coalition airstrikes , aimed at destroying IS positions and assets , have caused some damage to the buildings . Satellite imagery released week , showed IS had constructed barricades across routes into the city .", "An overrunning engineering project shut the line between Reading and London Paddington at the end of year . work , including signalling improvements , is being carried out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday . Network Rail said it had \" hundreds of buses \" in case it overruns . Julian Burnell , from Network Rail , said the disruption was needed to allow for the stage of work on the Reading station redevelopment to be completed . He added : \" This is a project , dealing with one of the bottlenecks in the country . \" I ca say there 's no danger [ of an overrun at Easter ] , but we have done everything in our power to get it finished in time . There are hundreds of buses waiting if that happens . \" On 27 December , King 's Cross station was shut and Paddington was closed for part of the day after engineering works took than expected . A number of projects will take place over the Easter break , including a closure of the line between Hayes & Harlington in West London and Didcot Parkway in Oxfordshire while work is carried out on the Crossrail project .", "Plans were approved for Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to drill in a field at St Nicholas . The permit does allow the company to carry out fracking - fracturing of the land - to extract any oil or gas . Fracking is to a ban in Wales until decision-making powers on the practice are devolved . Natural Resources Wales said it had carried out a \" assessment \" of the company 's plans before approving them , with all work including reinstatement of the land to be completed within 12 months . \" It 's that any activity of this kind does harm the environment , and this permit makes it what Coastal Oil and Gas Limited will need to do to comply with this ,\" a spokesman said . \" Once the work begins , our officers will regulate and monitor the site to ensure it complies with the conditions of the permit , to protect people and the environment . \" The permit for drilling comes despite a moratorium on fracking in Wales pending devolution of responsibility for decisions . In August , the UK government urged councils in England to speed up the process of approval for fracking projects . , Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant said fracking technology was \" \" , and that Welsh Labour ministers preferred to look at energy .", "Transactions carried out in markets were recorded in Luxembourg , with which Amazon had a agreement . sales made through subsidiaries in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy will be registered in those countries , the retailer has said . Amazon had received criticism for its tax avoidance policies . \" than two years , we began the process of establishing country branches of Amazon EU Sarl , our operating company in Europe ,\" the company said in a statement . \" As of 1 May , Amazon EU Sarl is recording sales made to customers through these branches in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy . \" , these sales were recorded in Luxembourg . \" Amazon added that it was \" working on opening a branch for France \" . In years , the European Union has intensified its investigations into the tax deals negotiated by companies with countries as Ireland , Luxembourg and the Netherlands . It suspects that deals amount to state aid and distort competition . year , the European Commission - the EU 's arm - launched a investigation into Amazon 's tax arrangements with Luxembourg . And the EU is looking into tech giant Apple 's tax dealings in Ireland , coffee-shop chain Starbucks' dealings in the Netherlands , and carmaker Fiat 's agreement with Luxembourg .", "Dame Sally Davies said the action by the British Medical Association ( BMA ) would \" lead to patients suffering \" . The strike begins across England at 08:00 GMT , from doctors will provide emergency care . The BMA said the strikes \" demonstrated the strength of feeling amongst the profession \" . It announced three spells of strike action in England in November , after negotiations with the government ended without resolution . Issues being disputed by the BMA and NHS include weekend pay . \" As a doctor , I can understand the anger and frustration felt by doctors at this time ,\" Dame Sally said . \" In part , this dispute is a symptom of frustration and morale that has been building for decades and the strain that a career in medicine can place on your work-life balance . \" doctors are the backbone of the NHS , working and hours ... It is that , as leaders , we ask ourselves whether we are doing everything we can to ensure our colleagues feel . \" The planned strikes are set to take place from : Conciliation service Acas has confirmed that talks between the BMA and NHS bosses will continue week . doctors' leaders are objecting to the prospect of a contract . The government has described the arrangements as \" \" and \" \" , pointing out they were introduced in the 1990s . Ministers drew up plans to change the contract in 2012 , but talks broke down year . The government has indicated it will impose the contract year in England . The BMA has responded by initiating the action process . Junior doctors row : What you need to know What do doctors do ?", "The 19-year-old will be to play against Barnsley in the Football League Trophy final on Sunday . Kenny , who joined up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter , has made 13 appearances for the U 's . \" He has done for us and is enjoying his football ,\" said Oxford head coach Michael Appleton . \" He is of at Goodison Park and has a future . \"", "The money for Kingston Maurward College , near Dorchester , will go towards a \u00a3 3.24m project that includes a animal sciences building . Weymouth College has been awarded \u00a3 0.5m towards its \u00a3 1.5m project to refurbish two buildings . The grants form part of a \u00a3 214m investment in 47 colleges in England . Skills Minister Matthew Hancock said of the Enhanced Renewal Grant that it was to \" ensure \" investment in \" rate facilities \" . Kingston Maurward principal Clare Davison said she was \" \" with the grant . She said the animal science building would include , reptile and mammal rooms , a laboratory and six teaching classrooms . She added : \" This building will help ensure that we continue to deliver quality teaching and learning to give people the skills required to gain employment in animal fields . \" Construction is planned to start this summer and is expected to be completed by mid-summer 2014 . The grants go alongside plans for the government 's skills strategy to \" support the majority of and colleges \" while intervening if colleges are failing .", "Greg Dyke has invited Astle 's widow Laraine and his daughters , Claire and Dawn , to Wembley Stadium on 10 August . The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward died in 2002 . A neurosurgeon said month that he died from a brain condition linked to boxers than Alzheimer 's disease as thought . Dawn Astle said : \" We want to stress the message in dealing with head injuries and concussions , to discuss the FA 's policies on this and work on player education . \"[ The issue ] has to be taken because it 's about lives . \" It 's like a back or knee injury , because once the brain is damaged it does repair itself and Dad is proof of that . \" Ms Astle said Dr Willie Stewart , who carried out a examination of Mr Astle 's brain , would be at the meeting . Astle 's family have campaigned for the FA to carry out research into the risks of heading footballs and players suffering concussion . The Justice for Jeff group has held protests at West Brom games . The FA apologised to the family for keeping them about its work and said its rules on concussion were to be changed of the 2014 / 15 season . A spokesman for the FA said Mr Dyke \" had been to meet the Astle family for a time \" to hear their concerns . It was believed Astle died from Alzheimer 's disease , but the coroner at his inquest ruled his brain had been damaged by heading leather balls . He played for West Bromwich Albion from 1964-1974 scoring 137 goals in 292 league appearances .", "The 18-year-old twins have come through the club 's academy to impress in nine Premiership appearances between them this season . Both play in the row and have featured for the England Under-20 side . \" They will play parts in the club 's vision of developing players in the academy , and bringing them to the team ,\" Sale director of rugby Steve Diamond said . The pair became the set of twins to play in the Premiership they appeared in Sale 's 34-24 defeat by Wasps on 27 November . Tom is the Sharks' Premiership try scorer after crossing on his debut in the 31-13 win over Bristol on 30 October .", "The incident happened near Corbett Place and Calais View at 08:30 on Thursday . Officers are urging anyone who saw the man to get in touch . He is described as being in his teens or 20s with , , hair . He is 9in and was wearing a top .", "The plan had envisaged a forum which analysts say might have forced Israel to reveal whether or it has weapons . The proposal was blocked by the US , the UK and Canada . The review is set for 2020 . Israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile of weapons . Speaking after four weeks of negotiations , US Under-Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller accused Egypt and countries of \" to let go of these and conditions \" for talks . She said some participants tried to \" manipulate \" the process . But Egypt warned that the failure to reach a deal \" will have consequences in front of the world and opinion \" , the Associated Press news agency reports . month , Egypt had proposed to stage a conference - with or without Israel 's participation and without an agreed agenda . Some analysts suggested that this move might have forced Israel - which is a party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) - to clarify its position on weapons . Decisions at NPT review conferences - held every five years - are made by consensus . The failure of the talks means the gathering could be held in 2020 at the .", "The UK government has announced measures to speed up development . Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant has written to councils reminding them of the ban on fracking in Wales . He said fracking technology was \" \" , saying ministers preferred to look at energy . Fracking is a process of using pressure water to break up rocks to release gas and pipe it to the surface . It is a industry in the United States , but there are concerns about safety , the environment and water . There have been protests against applications for test drilling for gas in both the Vale of Glamorgan and Wrexham , as sites in England . Energy Secretary Amber Rudd has stressed the UK government 's support for fracking , and frustration at delays in its development . She has told councils in England to make decisions on applications within 16 weeks , to stop the process being \" dragged out for months \" . In his letter to councils , Mr Sargeant said the guidance applied to England and that the moratorium in Wales remained in place . \" The UK government 's support for oil and gas applications is to the approach of the Welsh Government of promoting and carbon forms of energy through the planning system and measures ,\" he said . \" We see energy as a element in ensuring that Wales achieves development for the benefit of generations . \" planning authorities must ensure that planning applications for energy projects are determined within timescales . \" Plans to devolve control over fracking were confirmed in the Queen 's Speech in June following the election victory .", "The exhibition , From Dark to Light , explores the work of artist Victor Noble Rainbird , who was born in North Shields in 1887 . The collection to have been staged since the 1930s , his subjects were the North Sea and the streets and people of his hometown . Curator Dave Young said there was a lot of affection for him in the town . of the pieces on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre in North Shields have been seen in public . Mr Young , said : \" We hope that this exhibition will shed light on the life and work of a man and a artist . \" This is the exhibition of his paintings to be held in his hometown of North Shields since the artist 's lifetime and it is being held in a building that he would have known and painted . \" Victor Noble Rainbird 's paintings are a legacy of life in the North East before and after the Great War , while his war record is being unravelled . \" Mr Rainbird joined the Northumberland Fusiliers in 1914 he was 26-years-old and served on the Western Front at Ypres , Passchendaele , Vimy Ridge and Armentieres . Some of the drawings he produced while on service have survived and are included in the exhibition . Mr Young said they were a \" , and record of the horrors of war \" . After the war , Rainbird made return trips to France , Belgium and the Netherlands , producing some of his works . He died aged 47 in 1936 . From Dark to Light : exploring the life and art of Victor Noble Rainbird is on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre from 10 July to 6 September .", "Lennon , who managed Brown , 31 , in his four years as Celtic boss , says the midfielder 's decision would boost Gordon Strachan 's Scotland squad . \" It is a surprise because I thought he retired ,\" said Lennon . \" you can make these decisions and think you have got plenty to offer . \" Brown 's return to the fold means that on Wednesday he is to be included in Strachan 's squad for the World Cup qualifier against England at Wembley on 11 November . Lennon told BBC Scotland : \" I think season his injuries took a toll on him and we did see the of him but this season he is looking like himself and playing , which will be an asset to Scotland . \" I think his presence around the dressing room and training ground and on the pitch will be felt if he is . \" He is 31 and there is plenty to come from him . I thought his decision was . \" Lennon does envisage any issues with Brown returning to the squad for a game he believes Scotland can win . \" I do know it would affect the dynamic of the group but I think it would pep it up ,\" he added . \" It was a performance and result in Slovakia and it might give them the jag they need , having a player of that quality back . \" The England game is one I think they can win . It will be a style of game and there wo be anything the players will be about . \" Scotland manager Mark McGhee , , looked to the team benefiting from Brown 's leadership , saying \" by example and his voice and influence , ( he ) makes people \" . McGhee added : \" Scott Brown is someone who I would imagine , England are looking at our squad and our team , would prefer him to be playing . \" He looks as if he has coped with combining the and league campaigns . He feels about himself and he can do both at this stage . \" I would imagine he has been revitalised by Brendan ( Rodgers , the Celtic manager ) . I think the manager has given him a lease of life . \" He would have made his [ ] decision in an way . But he has looked at it and decided it was the decision . \" If the players feel that Scott Brown gives us a chance of winning the game , they will be to have him . \"", "The bird 's head and wings became in the wire fence in Bethesda while it was chasing a wood pigeon . RSPCA Inspector Mike Pugh , who freed the animal , said : \" The buzzard was , but , had had feather damage . \" I released the bird to the wild he belongs . \"", "The Communication Workers Union said the walkout would start on Monday 19 December and include Christmas Eve . It will involve thousands of workers from the Crown Post Offices . The Post Office said despite the walkout it would be \" business as \" with \" at \" 97 % of its 11,600 branches involved . Crown Post Offices are the branches that are located in High Streets . In April 2016 , the Post Office announced plans to transfer up to 61 branches into WH Smith stores over the following year . It said the move was part of a plan to cut costs and save cash , and would act as a way of \" safeguarding the future of the network . \" \" Our members want the Post Office management to pause its closure and privatisation programme , hold off on its planned pensions changes , and commit to sitting down with us and with the stakeholders of this institution and , , construct a vision ,\" said CWU secretary Andy Furey . The Post Office said it was \" \" by the CWU 's action . \" today , we agreed with the CWU that we would resume talks , which have been throughout the summer , on Wednesday ,\" added Kevin Gilliland , the Post Office 's network and sales director .", "than 60,000 vials , said to contain steroids , were recovered in an operation by Garda ( police ) , customs and a medicine watchdog . growth hormones and dysfunction pills were found during Thursday 's raids in Muff and Lifford . A man in his 30s was arrested , but released without charge . The Health Products Regulatory Authority , the Republic 's medicine watchdog , said evidence of an manufacturing operation had been found . The PSNI had carried out searches in Northern Ireland , it said .", "He welcomed Taoiseach ( minister ) Enda Kenny 's comments on a referendum on unity . DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was \" being \" . The taoiseach said Brexit talks should consider that a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could result in the calling of a referendum . In his remarks to reporters on Monday at the MacGill Summer School in Glenties , County Donegal , Mr Kenny said the triggering of a border poll required \" evidence of a majority of people wishing to leave the UK and join the Republic \" . He added : \" It may be , in the eyes of some , a theory but who knows what happens in 10 , 20 years time ? \" Adams responded by calling for all parties supporting a Ireland \" to discuss this can be achieved . \" \" In the context of the north being dragged out of the EU by England , there is a opportunity to achieve this ,\" he said . North Antrim MP Mr Paisley said Secretary of State James Brokenshire and his predecessor , Theresa Villiers , had both ruled out holding a referendum . \" It 's going to happen ,\" he said . \" We all know in the nine months Enda Kenny is going to be taoiseach . , he 's being mischievous. ,\" Mr Paisley added . Ulster Unionist MLA Jenny Palmer described Mr Kenny 's comments as \" about nothing \" . She said that , in the wake of the EU referendum , the Stormont executive 's priority should be \" to convince the people of Northern Ireland that they have a plan for the way for our economy , our farmers , our and community groups , our universities and everyone who depends on EU funding and support . \"", "The Shrimps lost their game of the season at Grimsby but knocked Championship side Rotherham out of the EFL Cup 5-4 and have won three league games . \" It 's but it is days ,\" Bentley told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" You 're and and I keep saying that . \" He added : \" It 's everyone keeps their feet on the ground - you have a spell that everyone keeps check and sticks . \" Kevin Ellison , 37 , got the goal of the game as Morecambe 's 1-0 win at Yeovil on Saturday moved them to the top of the league . \" People say about his age and this and that but if you work with him day , day out you see he rubs off on people ,\" added Bentley on Ellison . \" His desire , his attitude towards training and his recovery and professionalism , he 's a credit to himself and his family . \" A lot of people should look at him up and down the country because he is at what he does . \"", "Shiv Kumar Yadav has been charged with \" intimidation \" of the woman , reports said . The victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home but said she was taken to a area and raped . Delhi banned Uber and taxi firms for failing to carry out driver checks . Although the driver has given a statement in public , police say he has confessed to the crime . They say he has been identified by the victim . Rape and the issue of violence against women have been in the spotlight in years since a physiotherapy student was gang-raped and murdered in Delhi in December 2012 . The crime prompted outrage and a tightening of the laws on violence , but correspondents say they have failed to act as a deterrent . this month , five men were arrested in Calcutta for kidnapping and raping a student . And in the state of Uttar Pradesh , two policemen were arrested for abducting and raping a teenager .", "Cassells , 22 , and Scrimgeour clocked six minutes and 29.63 seconds to finish of Denmark and China . The duo won the title in the class in France year . Ireland 's Olympic silver medallist Paul O'Donovan , 22 , won his single sculls semi-final . The Skibbereen man , who clinched Olympic silver in the sculls in Rio with his brother Gary , produced a burst to come from at the stage to win his semi-final in 6:51.71 . Slovenian Rajko Hrvat finished in 6:52.31 with Germany 's Konstantin Steinhuebel clinching the qualifying spot for Saturday 's final . The Rotterdam championships features classes . duo Mark O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll will compete against Cassells and Scrimgeour in Saturday 's lightweight pairs final after finishing in their semi-final behind the boat . The pair were the qualifiers for , of the Danes ( 6:30.12 ) and France ( 6:30.56 ) , while the duo in 6:32.18 . After winning gold in their class at year 's World Championships in France , Cassells and Scrimgeour retained the title in Brandenburg in May .", "The 22-year-old , who has signed a contract , joins defender Craig Barr and striker Mark Stewart at the Scottish Championship club . Johnston came through Kilmarnock 's youth ranks to make the Premiership side 's team . But he moved to Kirkcaldy summer and played 34 times . Barr , 30 , had been at Stark 's Park for three seasons after leaving Airdrieonians and played 17 times as Rovers dropped to League One . The Stewart joined Rovers at the time , from Derry City , and scored five times in 36 appearances season .", "Doors to the event at Glasgow Green will open at 14:00 . TRNSMT is being held on what was the weekend of the T in the Park festival , which is taking place this year . bands appearing over the weekend include include Kasabian , Biffy Clyro and The Kooks . The acts will play across three stages at Scotland 's music festival , with highlights being broadcast every evening on a BBC Scotland programme presented by Edith Bowman . Radiohead will headline the opening night , with Kasabian headlining on Saturday and Biffy Clyro closing the festival on Sunday . Organisers DF Concerts announced TRNSMT in January , two months after saying it was suspending T in the Park to \" take stock \" of a challenging two years since the festival moved to Strathallan from Balado . The promoter said \" continued restrictions \" had had a \" impact \" on festival-goers . T in the Park 's year at Strathallan in 2015 was plagued by traffic problems . Two teenagers died at the 2016 festival in incidents , while witnesses reported fights and drug use in the campsite area . Police Scotland said on Wednesday that security would be at TRNSMT following the terror attacks in Manchester and London , with police patrolling near the venue and bag searchers being carried out on festival-goers . Officers warned there would be a zero-tolerance approach to drug-taking and anyone found with substances would be arrested . Flares , smoke devices and pyrotechnics are banned from the festival area and anyone who is will be allowed entry .", "The reactor at Yongbyon has been the source of plutonium for North Korea 's weapons programme . The White House said North Korea should \" focus on fulfilling its obligations \" . The reactor was shut down in 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal . But Pyongyang vowed to restart it in 2013 , following its test and amid tensions . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the community would accept North Korea as a state . \" We will work with our partners in the context of the talks to try to return North Korea to a posture of fulfilling those commitments that they have made ,\" he said . \" We will repeat our call that North Korea should refrain from the provocations that aggravate tension and should focus on fulfilling its obligations and commitments . \" talks involving South Korea , the US , China , Japan and Russia aimed at ending the North 's programme have been stalled since 2009 . Experts believe that , , the Yongbyon reactor can make one bomb 's worth of plutonium per year . A US think-tank said this year that satellite images suggested work had started at the Yongbyon complex . But Tuesday 's announcement was the confirmation from North Korea that it had restarted operations . The news agency KCNA said North Korea was improving its weapons \" in quality and quantity \" . It said that the North was to face US hostility with \" weapons any time \" . , experts say North Korea 's capabilities are . Pyongyang claims it has made a device to fit a warhead on to a missile , which it could launch at its enemies . But US officials have cast doubt on the claim . North Korea has made threats against its neighbours and the US , to coincide with exercises held by South Korea and US forces . The two Koreas remain at war , because the 1950-1953 war ended in an armistice , a peace treaty .", "Andrew Bedford , 27 , from Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire , was seen in September 1990 . Officers reopened the investigation in April , and discovered bones on land off Stocking Fen Road in Ramsey . A man from Ramsey has been arrested . Mr Bedford was seen on the evening of 28 September at Factory Bank , off Great Whyte , Ramsey . Three people were arrested in connection with his disappearance but no-one was charged . In April , Cambridgeshire Police reopened the investigation as a murder inquiry , saying they believed he had been shot . Detectives think Mr Bedford was killed with a shotgun during the evening of 28 September at a garage called Mongrel Cars , which exists , in Ramsey . They began searching land in the town in April . Bones \" with being \" were found by scenes of crime officers , scientists and detectives during the 13-day operation . Det Ch Insp Martin Brunning , who is leading the murder inquiry , said : \" The bones were discovered during a painstaking search of the area we had identified as being of interest . \" An expert in anthropology has assisted the investigation and the bones will be to DNA testing and analysis . \" Mr Bedford was seen eating a takeaway in a Ford Cortina car . He was wearing overalls , a khaki jumper , jeans and trainers . He was described as 5ft 8in ( 1.72m ) , build with mousey , , hair and had a number of tattoos . Mr Brunning said he was \" \" people held information that would help \" bring resolution to Andrew 's family \" .", "The Joyce twins starred as the Irish made it three wins out of three in Bangkok on Tuesday . Isobel bagged four wickets as Zimbabwe were dismissed for a paltry 78 before Ciecilia top-scored with 36 to help Ireland to 79-3 in 15.2 overs . Victory over Scotland will secure a place in year 's World Twenty20 . The two teams from the qualifying tournament will take on the game 's elite in India . Ireland have avoided a meeting with tournament favourites Bangladesh but face a encounter against the Scots on Thursday . Zimbabwe came into Tuesday 's game at Terdthai Cricket Ground with a 100 % record in Group B but they were outclassed by the Irish . Isobel Joyce took 4-20 and Robyn Lewis 2-9 as Zimbabwe were skittled out in 19 overs . The target was achieved after Clare Shillington ( 22 ) and Cecilia Joyce put on an partnership of 48 .", "Colchester Hospital was rated as after a Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) inspection found it was relying on \" \" agency staff . Norman Betchley died in 2009 after he was fed a pill by an agency nurse . The hospital said the CQC report did reflect improvements it has made . Inspectors said the hospital demonstrated \" leadership \" and \" a capacity to improve \" . Staff were let down by agency workers , who were committed and were \" in terms of their skills and knowledge \" . Mr Betchley 's daughter Linda said she feels that \" nothing has changed \" since he died . on this story on BBC Local Live in Essex She added : \" At the time they said there was a deficit in trained staff and there was a breakdown in management and the girl was thrown in at the end . \" of the items raised in this report were raised . I do see them being addressed . \" There is no leadership , there is no support for the nurses on the wards . \" executive Frank Sims , who started in the role month , admitted its challenge is \" reducing our dependency on agency staff . \" \" We have got staff employed than we have had , and since September we have recruited 75 nurses but we have got a way to go . \" The trust which runs the hospital has been in measures since 2013 . The CQC has recommended it remains in measures for the three months , during which time it must submit a improvement plan . Mr Sims said his intention is to \" focus on getting out of measures this year \" .", "Media playback is supported on this device Cavendish , who has won 30 stages at the Tour de France , came in the of six events - the scratch race . He was in the pursuit and in the elimination race with three events on Monday . Becky James broke the women 's sprint Olympic record in qualification and is in Monday 's quarter-finals along with Briton Katy Marchant . Cavendish , 31 , began his campaign with a finish in the scratch race , after Denmark 's Lasse Norman Hansen , the London 2012 Olympic champion and Roger Kluge took the two spots by gaining a lap on the field . In the pursuit , Cavendish recorded a time of four minutes 16.878 seconds and caught reigning world champion Colombian Fernando Gaviria Rendon in the process . That gave the Manxman the lead , before Hansen set a Olympic record of 4:14:982 , beating Sir Bradley Wiggins' time set in 2008 , to win his event in a row . , Hansen dropped from to overall after he was the rider to fall out of the elimination race which sees the rider in position at the end of every lap ejected from the race . Cavendish was looking as riders dropped out but he was ejected , despite being the rider over the line , he overtook a rider while off the inside of the track , and was awarded place . France 's Thomas Boudat , the 2014 world champion , leads on 106 points , two than Italy 's Elia Viviani who won the elimination race , with Cavendish on 96 points . The event - the time trial - starts at 14:21 BST on Monday , before the flying lap and points race events . Wales' James won a silver medal in the keirin on Saturday and maintained her form on Sunday as she set a Olympic record during the sprint qualification . James recorded a time of 10.721 seconds to beat the 10.724 set by Briton Victoria Pendleton at the 2012 Olympics in London . That saw James become the qualifier and she beat Olga Ismayilova of Azerbaijan by a margin of 0.165 secs to move into the quarter-finals , which take place from 14:00 BST on Monday . Marchant advanced in style as she defeated Canada 's Monique Sullivan after posting the qualification time . Australia 's defending champion Anna Meares was beaten by Lithuania 's Simona Krupeckaite but won a repechage race to reach the eight . Media playback is supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Finance Minister M\u00e1irt\u00edn \u00d3 Muilleoir made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round . He said that added to the monitoring round it means the executive has allocated an \u00a3 200m to health in 2016 / 17 . Health accounts for about half of Stormont 's spending . week , Health Minister Michelle O'Neill said her department needed \" funding \" to meet growing demand . asked on Tuesday if any of the money would be allocated to waiting lists , Ms O'Neill said she \" would make her decisions on the allocations of the resources as within the days \" . will the money be spent ? At this stage there is detail . , from the health minister 's statement it seems that the money will go to care which includes emergency departments . It will be directed to those areas within hospitals which experience bed blocking - patients cannot be discharged as there is for them to be cared for in the community , including in their homes . Read . reallocations include \u00a3 30m to schools with \u00a3 5m of that for needs . There is \u00a3 25m for roads maintenance and building schemes and \u00a3 20m for education . Mr \u00d3 Muilleoir said there have been no spending cuts despite pressure on budgets \" as a result of the Westminster austerity agenda \" . A slice of the money which has been reallocated is \u00a3 30m which had been set to mitigate cuts to tax credits . , the money is needed for that purpose after the chancellor reversed his plan to cut tax credits .", "days after dropping a court action , the twins filed a lawsuit against the company . It claims that Facebook \" or suppressed evidence \" during their litigation . , Tyler and Cameron accused Mr Zuckerberg of stealing their idea to create the site . The story of the feud formed the core of the 2010 film \" The Social Network \" . The row dates from 2003 the Winklevosses hired Mr Zuckerberg to write code for their ConnectU site while at Harvard . He did , but set up Facebook , which became a success around the world . A court case over who did what was resolved in 2008 the parties agreed on a settlement , around $ 65m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 41m ) . In January 2011 the Winklevosses tried to reopen the case , seeking money . , a US appeals court ruled in April that they would have to accept the settlement . The twins said they would appeal against the settlement , but decided this week to pursue that avenue . In the suit filed on Thursday with the US District Court of Massachusetts , the Winklevosses and their business partner Divya Narendra said that Facebook hid some information from them during settlement proceedings . The twins said that Mr Zuckerberg did disclose some documents in regards to the relationship between him and the brothers while they were at Harvard . Facebook 's counsel Neel Chatterjee said in a statement : \" These are and allegations that have been considered and rejected by the courts . \"", "The pedestrian was knocked down by a Ford Focus in Oldgate Lane , Thrybergh , Rotherham , on Saturday , said South Yorkshire Police . The car involved was thought to have been travelling towards Dalton at the time and its driver was injured in the crash . Police have appealed for any witnesses to contact them .", "He had rejected a move to Birmingham on Wednesday but has agreed terms and passed his . Stewart , who was in the year of his contract at at Dens Park , had scored six goals in three games for Dundee this season . He could make his Blues debut in Saturday 's Championship match at Leeds . Stewart is Birmingham 's signing of the week following the arrival of striker Che Adams from Sheffield United . Birmingham opened their Championship campaign with a draw against Cardiff City and were knocked out of the EFL Cup by League One side Oxford United in Tuesday 's tie .", "The private , who is in her 20s , has accepted a caution for misconduct in a office . The woman has agreed to make a payment of \u00c2 \u00a3 40 to an forces charity . She was arrested at her Nottinghamshire home under the Metropolitan Police 's Operation Elveden inquiry into alleged payments to officials . In a statement , the CPS outlined details of the offence but did name the newspaper or the barracks . CPS lawyer Gregor McGill said : '' The evidence in this case was considered and although there was evidence to prosecute this offence , considering the interest it was decided that a caution was an course of action . '' In accepting a caution , an individual accepts responsibility for the offending set out . '' The soldier was arrested in September . She was the person to be held as part of Operation Elveden , which was launched after the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World newspaper . The operation was established to investigate allegations of payments to police but was widened in January 2012 to include officials . It is being overseen by the Independent Police Complaints Commission .", "The Care Inspectorate gave Nithsdale House in Pollokshields , Glasgow , a score of one - the - across three areas examined . Weaknesses at Drumpellier Lodge in the city 's Bargeddie area were found . The home received the rating in three areas examined . The inspections took place in February . An inspection visit was carried out at Nithsdale House , in Shields Road , Pollokshields , on 21 February . The care home , which is run by Lotus Senior Living Ltd , was given a score of one ( ) for its quality of care and support ; its quality of environment and its quality of staffing . The home 's quality of management and leadership received the score of two ( ) . Inspectors noted that there had been \" progress \" following an inspection which had highlighted concerns . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" We continue to have concerns about the quality of care being provided to residents at this service . \" Whilst we noted some improvement in some areas following a inspection , concerns remain over the service 's performance in relation to ensuring the health and wellbeing of residents . \" The spokesman said inspectors had \" observed practice in relation to administering medication \" . He added : \" We have informed the service of the improvements which it must make to ensure that needs are met and their rights respected . \" We will continue to work with them to ensure they improve , but unless we see evidence of improvement , we will hesitate to take action . \" An inspection visit was carried out at Drumpellier Lodge , Coatbridge Road , Bargeddie , on 6 February . The care home , which is run by Clancare Ltd , was given a score of two ( ) for its quality of care and support ; its quality of management and leadership and its quality of staffing.Inspectors found that 10 requirements for improvement , made at a inspection , were met . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" We continue to have concerns about the quality of care and support being provided at this service and are working with them to ensure they meet the standards we expect . \" We have told the service the areas it must take action on to improve . \" If we are that improvement is being made we will hesitate to take action . \"", "Officers were called to Derby Road , Enfield at 15:30 GMT on Saturday after reports of a gun being seen in a car . A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the reported car was stopped at 16:00 GMT and the four men were arrested . They are being held at a London police station .", "The company said Lancaster 's Caton Road substation went at 11:00 BST , leaving parts of the city and Morecambe and Carnforth without power . Power supplies resumed at 16:30 BST in the remaining 10,000 properties after 53,000 had theirs restored . The firm said it was known what caused the outage and thanked customers for their \" support \" . A flood at the facility during Storm Desmond in 2015 left 55,000 without power . The outage resulted in travel problems , with traffic lights working , and caused disruption to schools , universities and businesses . Lancaster town hall closed while the outage was dealt with . It reopened but Lancaster City Council tweeted it \" can deal with enquiries \" . Salt Ayre Leisure Centre in Lancaster was closed and it accepted cash payments it reopened . Lancaster University was affected and wi-fi is outside the chaplaincy centre , security lodge and information systems services . The university 's student union sent a tweet telling students who were facing exams to turn up as . St John 's Hospice and Lancaster Cathedral both tweeted that power had returned .", "The plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket , Suffolk , had been approved by Forest Heath District Council . But year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision . Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart ruled that Mr Javid 's decision was and \" \" . The case will have to be reconsidered . Mr Justice Gilbart , sitting in London , quashed the refusal , saying : \" The secretary of state has performed a and volte-face in his assessment of the highways impacts of two proposals for development on the site in Newmarket and has failed to apply his National Planning Policy Framework . \" The judge said : \" There is on any view a requirement for land for housing and development in the Forest Heath District . \" Edward Stanley , the Earl of Derby , brought the challenge with Moulton Parish Council and the Rural Parishes Alliance . The judge said parish councils had for some time argued that growth in the area should be dispersed among the parishes but concentrated in Newmarket . Newmarket Horsemen 's Group and some others were that development in the town \" may have an effect on the horseracing industry that is based \" and lead to increased traffic . A spokesman for Lord Derby said : \" The secretary of state has a chance to determine the application . He should take account of the benefits the planning application will bring to Newmarket making a decision . \" The Department for Communities and Local Government said : \" We have received this judgment and will consider our response . \"", "The call was made at a scrutiny meeting of the council to discuss the problems surrounding the vessel . Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at Cowes would be until 2 July \" in recognition of the problems \" and to allow feedback . Mr Stewart said the council had ordered a review of the project by auditors . He said it had been a \" and start \" to the ferry . Since launching on 14 May the chain ferry has broken down , run and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to \" training issues \" . Cars have been damaged getting on and . Shopkeeper Angie Booth , who owns Valu-4-U in East Cowes , said : \" Whether I come out of this and survive I am - businesses . We are bearing the brunt of the loss of six months of trade . \" Will you compensate businesses , the as for damaged cars ? \" Transport councillor Ian Ward said compensation was up for discussion . He added : \" I do think it 's a disaster . It 's a prototype . There are bound to be problems . There were problems which the company has rectified . \" He said the council authorised the manufacture of ramp extensions to resolve the problem of vehicles scraping the concrete . He said groundings were an issue with seamanship , which had been resolved .", "The Tunisia international , who joined Lille on a loan summer , has agreed a contract with Les Dogues . Sliti has made five appearances since his return from the 2017 African Cup of Nations - he played all four matches as Tunisia exited the tournament in the quarter-finals . He has played 16 games for Lille , scoring - during November 's 4-2 home victory against Caen . Sliti , who began his career with Sedan before moving to Paris FC in 2013 , has won 11 caps for his country and scored three goals . Lille are in the table going into Saturday 's fixture against Metz .", "3 February 2016 updated at 08:07 GMT The astronaut has been for six weeks , but took time out to speak to children and share some experiments . Leah went to meet some of kids to be to talk to the astronaut ...", "Media playback is supported on this device The Newtownards man became the cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years he triumphed in the scratch race in Belarus . Irvine , 28 , won silver in the points race at the World Championships plus a World Cup gold in Manchester and a bronze this year . \" This is a honour ,\" said champion Irvine . \" I want to thank BBC Northern Ireland for this award as it is recognition for everything that has happened in the year and for the sport of cycling which has been going through of resurgence in popularity . \" I 'm looking to the year with the Commonwealth Games , the World Championships and the Giro d'Italia . \" With any luck I will be chatting to some of the guys from BBC Sport NI from a podium year ! \" After winning his world gold and silver in Belarus during February , Irvine suffered a hip at a road race event in Taiwan a month which ruled him out until August . , the battling Irvine regained his fitness to win bronze at the European Track Championships in Netherlands before taking victory in the World Cup points event in Manchester two weeks . The judging panel of Northern Ireland sports journalists chose Irvine of runner-up AP McCoy and motorcyclist Michael Dunlop . Others shortlisted for the award were boxer Carl Frampton , Ireland cricket captain William Porterfield and triathlon star Aileen Reid . The panel of judges comprised of Shane Glynn , editor Sport BBC NI , BBC NI sports reporter Nikki Gregg , Belfast Telegraph sports editor Stephen Beacom , Kenny Archer of the Irish News , News Letter sports editor Richard Mulligan and author and freelance journalist Orla Bannon . \" the judging panel had a decision to make this year but we felt that Martyn 's achievements were ,\" said BBC NI sports editor Glynn . \" I 'm that he 's been voted BBC Northern Ireland 's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013 . \" To become a world champion , within an hour of winning a silver medal in another discipline , is nothing of . \" And to beat the likes of AP McCoy and Michael Dunlop to this award speaks volumes about Martyn 's achievements . \"", "A emergency had been declared at the airport after the C-27J aircraft lost communication . It was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution and landed without incident before 20:00 . Police Scotland said the C-27J had been flying from Iceland to Italy . Flights are believed to have been delayed for a time at Glasgow and Edinburgh , but airspace was closed . Prestwick Airport remained throughout , and a Ryanair passenger flight to Malta took off a time after the plane landed . A video posted on Facebook by the Ayrshire News newspaper appeared to show the aircraft landing at the airport . The Typhoons did land . Photographs from the scene posted on media showed emergency service vehicles which had been summoned to the scene as a precaution . A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said : \" Typhoon aircraft were launched this evening from RAF Lossiemouth to intercept a aircraft which was causing concern to air traffic control authorities . \" The aircraft was escorted to Prestwick airport and the police have the lead . \"", "Bomb disposal officers were sent to Birmingham 's Lee Bank area on Friday and roads were closed and cordoned off . The men , two 32 and 37 were arrested in Stoke-on-Trent and three others , 18 , 24 and 28 , were arrested in Birmingham . Magistrates granted police a seven days to question the men . Detectives from the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit appeared before London 's Westminster Magistrates' Court via video link on Saturday to submit their request for a warrant of detention , a spokesman said . The men were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism . Ch Supt Sue Southern , from West Midlands Police , said : \" The arrests of the five men were intelligence led and our investigation continues at pace . \" A number of properties in the Stoke and Birmingham areas have been searched as part of the investigation . The BBC understands the force was dealing with two devices that were found at a business in Lee Bank on Friday .", "Coverage will be on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app . The two teams faced off in Patras , Greece , this month , with title contenders Greece running out winners , 92-64 . Three members of that team will be missing at the Copper Box , , offering GB a chance of revenge . \" I think it 's going to be - I 'm from Stratford so I love playing [ at the Copper Box ],\" said GB guard Teddy Okereafor . \" This is the level we need to be playing at to make we 're 100 % for EuroBasket this year . \" We 've got a couple of guys who are going to be playing for the time in London so it 's going to be for them - I think the atmosphere 's going to be . \" The game will be Britain 's home game before they compete at FIBA EuroBasket 2017 , which starts at the beginning of September with a qualifying group in Istanbul , Turkey . After they play Greece , coach Joe Prunty 's team travel to a tournament in Poland , their warm-up games before EuroBasket starts . ( BST ) 17:30-19:30 - BBC iPlayer 17:30-19:30 - BBC Sport website", "The breach happened 10 days the council 's website service provider , which is based in England , was targeted by hackers . The City of Edinburgh Council assured those affected no details were accessed . Officials have warned of a increase in spam or phishing emails . They said the incident had been reported to both the Information Commissioner and the UK Government 's Computer Emergency Response Team and that security measures had been put in place . A council spokeswoman said : \" This was a cyber attack on the council 's website which is hosted in a UK data centre . It was dealt with and at no point were any council services affected . \" We are contacting everyone who has been affected to inform them of the incident and offer them advice and support . We have reassured individuals that the details that have been accessed are their email addresses . \" The Information Commissioner 's Office has been informed and measures have been taken by the web service providers . \" We want to reassure the public the ongoing security of our website is , and we continue to work with our service providers to ensure that the risks associated with attacks are dealt with . \"", "\" We have ideas for the future , and part of making them happen is building Instagram into a business ,\" it said . Ads will appear in a months and involve a handful of firms . Instagram was bought by Facebook for $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 619m ) , but has made a profit . The company , which has 150 million users , has been a favourite among consumers but has left analysts wondering it could turn enthusiasm among photographers into a business model . efforts by Instagram to generate revenue were met with user backlash , as the company changed the terms of service to indicate that it would own user images and could sell those images to advertisers . The failure of this move was acknowledged in the company 's posting . \" As , you own your photos and videos . The introduction of advertising wo change this ,\" it said . In an interview this year with the BBC , Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom said that Instagram must \" fund its future . \" media advertising is a booming business in the US . According to research firm eMarketer , advertisers will spend $ 9.5bn on network ads this year . Facebook has boosted its efforts to gain a share of this ad spending . This year , the company 's share of ad revenues will rise to 15.8 % from 5.35 % year .", "The star of TV series Dexter and Six Feet Under , Hall played the role in Bowie 's musical Lazarus , which premiered before his death . He will perform the title song , which opens with the line : \" Look up , I 'm in heaven \" , and was interpreted as Bowie 's epitaph . The song appears on Bowie 's Mercury-nominated Blackstar album . nominees include Laura Mvula , The 1975 , Kano and Bat For Lashes . Radiohead are shortlisted for their album A Moon Shaped Pool . It is their nomination - but they have to win the \u00c2 \u00a3 25,000 prize . The band , who are on a break from their world tour , are expected to perform at the ceremony , but of the acts will appear . On the night , the 12 nominated albums will be cut down to six finalists , one of whom will be chosen by a vote . A panel of judges , including Jarvis Cocker , Annie Mac and Wolf Alice frontwoman Ellie Rowsell , will choose the winner . The list of nominees is : Read about the nominees The 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize takes place at the Hammersmith Apollo on Thursday , 15 September . There will be coverage on BBC Music News LIVE , and the BBC button and the ceremony will be broadcast on BBC Four from 21:00 BST . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Gurpal Virdi , 56 , of Hounslow , west London , was acquitted by the jury at Southwark Crown Court . Mr Virdi had denied assaulting a prisoner and misconduct in office . The charges dated to on or before 7 November 1986 . During the trial Mr Virdi accused the Metropolitan Police of bringing the case against him as part of a campaign to \" hound \" him out of the force . The retired detective claimed the police had tried to discredit him after he gave evidence to the Stephen Lawrence inquiry about racism within the police force . He told jurors : \" This is a reaction from a department that has hounded me since 1998 , investigating me and following me and bugging my phone . Mr Virdi retired from the Metropolitan Police in 2012 after 30 years of service .", "Mr Cairns said it would be \" \" to remain in the EU 's market as both UK parties told voters they wanted to leave . But he played down differences with the Welsh Government over Brexit . The UK government is under pressure to change its approach to leaving the EU , which critics call a \" Brexit \" . Mr Cairns 's predecessor , Stephen Crabb , claimed the election had changed the terms of the Brexit debate . The Preseli Pembrokeshire MP is backing calls from Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson for Theresa May to adopt a approach that achieves a consensus across parties . Mr Crabb told BBC Wales : \" The majority of business opinion in Wales and the UK supports Britain staying in the market and staying in the customs union but coming out of the European Union . \" And I think that argument needs to get looked at and if we ca achieve a deal based on membership of the market we need something that is to it if it 's going to achieve the consensus that it needs to across the parties . \" Wales Office Minister Guto Bebb said the process of listening to devolved governments had begun . \" It is seven times because of the result of the election that the devolved countries have a voice in the process of leaving the European Union ,\" he said . Mr Cairns , re-appointed to his role , said he wanted Brexit negotiations , to start week , to focus on the outcome with businesses trading . \" We 've talked about trade , the Welsh Government have talked about access . These are one and the things ,\" he said . \" the Labour Party do want to remain part of the market so it would be to stay in the market the two parties are opposed to that . \" But Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP Simon Hart echoed Mr Crabb 's call for consensus . He said he did buy the idea that because Theresa May has had \" an time for which she takes some of the blame \" it means \" it 's game \" .", "They held meetings with Theresa May in the wake of the Hillsborough inquests , which ended in April . Jurors found the fans who died as a result of the 1989 crush were killed . The families complained about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police . They called on the home secretary to put the force into measures . It is understood the proposed ' Hillsborough Law ' would seek to place a onus on those in office to cooperate with investigations . The families were told about developments in two investigations into the disaster at the meetings with the home secretary , which were held in Warrington . Theresa May has praised the dignity and determination of the relatives . Chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group , Margaret Aspinall , whose son James died in the disaster , said : \" I myself for the time felt - I 'm the families did - that at there 's a home secretary that 's listening to them . \" The home secretary has met some Hillsborough families , but this is the time that she 's spoken to them since the inquests ended . Theresa May spent hours in Warrington , meeting with the two groups of relatives . The atmosphere was said to be heated , with some of the families complaining to her about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police during the inquests . Some relatives asked for assurances that there will be prosecutions , and I 'm told that they wanted to make that the home secretary understood the toll that the inquests have taken . Although the Hillsborough families welcomed the jury 's finding of killing , they know that months of uncertainty lie before they find out whether trials will follow . The Independent Police Complaints Commission revealed that 19 people have refused to assist with their probe into the conduct of officers from West Midlands Police , which investigated the tragedy . The watchdog has handed files on suspects to the Crown Prosecution Service in its inquiry into criminality and police misconduct . The IPCC has contacted 258 officers and staff members involved in the investigation into the tragedy and a total of 161 statements have been taken . The watchdog said : \" Our intention remains to submit files of evidence to the CPS by the turn of the year to enable decisions to be made on whether any individuals should be charged . \"", "North Wales Police were called to the incident involving a Ford Transit truck in Nantlle Road , Talysarn , Gwynedd , on Friday afternoon . The woman was flown to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor by air ambulance , but died . Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident .", "Following flooding at Brunton Park , Carlisle have three ' home ' fixtures at grounds and beat Notts County at Preston 's Deepdale on Saturday . Stanley 's two home games were postponed because of waterlogging . \" I 'm about the league 's handled the Carlisle affair ,\" Coleman told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" We are games behind Carlisle . We 've had two postponements and they 've been allowed to play and I do think it 's or . \" I do think it 's on the rest of the 23 teams who have to go to Carlisle some teams wo have to go . \" I do think it 's near any shape or form . \" I 've got nothing against Carlisle , I wish them all the in their ventures and what they do , but it 's shifting the rules . \" I 've got every sympathy for the people that have lost belongings and homes , I 'm decrying any of that - I 'm saying from a football point of view it 's an advantage to play at another ground . \" The Cumbrians will play matches at Blackburn 's Ewood Park and Blackpool 's Bloomfield Road .", "The supporters had been on a stadium tour but managed to cut themselves off from the remainder of the party . They were found on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium before being handed over to police , who decided to arrest the pair . United say there was no risk to supporters attending the Arsenal game . The pair had been searched and their belongings put through a metal detector before they went on the tour . The incident comes six months after United 's Premier League game against Bournemouth at Old Trafford had to be called off at notice a package was found in a toilet in the corner of the stadium . It turned out to be a explosive left after a training exercise in the week .", "Andrew Bickel , 39 , was fixing a light at the Catwel shop in Cardiff two weeks he nipped out to his van and returned to find his tools were gone . He said he had a call from a lady in the cat charity shop to say his tools were to collect , but with \" no explanation of , or \" . Mr Bickel 's Facebook post about the mistake went . He said he had enjoyed his five minutes of fame . \" I could believe it ,\" he said , \" the phone did stop ringing . \" \" The Sun newspaper came down to I was working and took photographs , television crews wanted to film me and I had an offer to appear on Judge Rinder ,\" he added . \" I 'm waiting for the call to go into the jungle . \" Mr Bickel said he had been offered \u00a3 100 by a magazine for his story and , if it happened , he would donate \u00a3 50 to the cat charity shop and \u00a3 50 to a dog charity shop , after admitting he was \" of a dog person \" . \" I 'm no-one has been left out of pocket ,\" he said .", "Media playback is supported on this device Muir told BBC Scotland her medicine studies will mean she will be with the Scotland team at year 's event on Australia 's Gold Coast . The 24-year-old finished and in the 1500m and 5,000m at the World Athletics Championships . \" My exams are until May Commonwealths being in April , it 's going to work out ,\" said the distance runner . \" I go to university week . I 've got a week to my studies to complete my year . Media playback is supported on this device \" I love running for Scotland I can and the Commonwealths are one of the opportunities you can do it , yeah , I 'm I 'm going to be missing it . \" But you have to think about getting my degree and that was to me . I 'm the team 's going to do , . They 're going to do . \" I think I 've got two , three Olympics in me . What events ? I do know . , scope for the future . \" , Muir says the World Indoor Championships in March are \" a target \" . \" These months are going to be on with my studies ,\" she explained . \" I feel like I 'm in shape . I 'd like to run in Birmingham . \" Hellen Obiri upset defending world champion Almaz Ayana to win 5,000m gold in London , with Sifan Hassan . Muir 's time of 14 minutes 52.07 seconds was her best . \" I 'm ,\" she said after Sunday 's race . \" It was competition . I 'm with that . I 'm , with I ran . \" My race in 10 days - it 's a lot of running and to come with that I think there 's a lot of potential for the future . \"", "The Newcastle striker , 26 , was jailed for eight months in May after admitting banking fraud . Southend boss Phil Brown expects Ranger to return to training before their League One game on 5 August . \" the season starts , we 'll try to get games behind doors so he can get a level of match fitness ,\" Brown told BBC Essex . After Ranger pleaded to conspiracy to defraud by obtaining bank details and transferring money , Southend said they would consider the player 's future . Speaking after their friendly defeat by Brighton on Tuesday , Brown said : \" Nile has to understand that these players are playing with discipline and have done for the three or four weeks . \" The we will get out of Nile is a week 's work and that wo be for him to be for the [ start of the ] season . \" Ranger joined Southend in August 2016 and scored eight goals in 27 league appearances season .", "The patrols at Camber Sands in East Sussex will be funded with \u00c2 \u00a3 51,000 allocated by Rother District Council as part of its budget . Councillor Sally-Ann Hart said the council needed to act after the \" and \" deaths . Families of the men who drowned said a lifeguard service could have saved their lives . Five men died during a day-trip to the beach August . A month , two others lost their lives . The council said the beach attracted than one million people each year . It said lifeguards would be from the May bank holiday until the end of the summer holidays \" to offer reassurance \" to visitors . Speaking after a council meeting on Monday night , Mrs Hart , the cabinet member for tourism , said : \" Our thoughts remain with the families of those who lost their lives . \" The incidents were and and we need to react to the changing circumstances . \" We need to protect the visiting public , but the economy and livelihoods of our tourism businesses . \" , she stressed the importance of \" people from all communities across Britain being informed \" on beach and water safety before they visit . She said : \"[ The beach ] can be but we are to investing in our beach patrol , the lifeguard service and working with agencies to ensure visitors to the beach are of the dangers of the sea . \" inquests into the deaths are awaited . The council said it would act on any recommendations the coroner might make . Five men from London died on 24 August : Two others lost their lives in July :", "Archibald was on Swindon Town 's shortlist season and has been linked with vacancies . Osman says the loss of Archibald - who guided Thistle to a six finish season - would be a act to follow . \" Since I signed , he 's got , every season . It 's no surprise teams are in him ,\" Osman said . \" We do want him to go . He 's one of the managers I have played under . The boys love him . We pray he stays for another season . \" Osman 's Partick Thistle team-mate Adam Barton echoes his captain 's sentiments . \" I would be because what he has done is ,\" the midfielder said . \" As a footballer , you like managers who stick by their players . You come across managers who chop and change things and I have been through that managers that times . \" managers come in and they do want to see you play , they want to bring their players in and chop and change . To see him go would be a thing . \" Partick Thistle are on the verge of losing centre-back Liam Lindsay , who has travelled to Barnsley for a medical following the clubs agreeing a fee for the player . to the completion of the , Lindsay will sign a deal at Oakwell .", "All 10 had their passports confiscated after they were detained at Montreal 's Trudeau International Airport at the weekend . Police said in a statement on Tuesday that none of the suspects had been charged , but investigations were . Their families have been informed . \" These are times for the relatives and loved ones of the persons arrested , as the decision to leave the country was that of the family , but of a family member ,\" the statement said . \" As a result , family members find themselves at a loss and to understand the decision made by the youth . \" Police said they could disclose the identity of the suspects or provide information about what led to their arrests . Steven Blaney , Canada 's safety minister , commended the officers for their \" vigilance \" in protecting communities from \" the ongoing terror threat \" . troops are part of a coalition to halt the advance of IS militants in Iraq and Syria . Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced in March that he planned to expand the mission and has pledged $ 139m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 89m ) to help alleviate the growing crisis in the region .", "The 21-year-old made his debut for the Tigers in the League Cup tie against Accrington Stanley in August . Dixon was captain of the Championship club 's side . He could make his debut for the Minstermen , who are bottom of the Football League , in Saturday 's match against Newport . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "Colin Shields put Belfast before Scott Aarssen levelled in the period . , goals from Ryan Martinelli and Mark Garside left the Giants in control . Alex Foster increased Belfast 's lead to 4-1 before Steve Saviano completed the scoring with five minutes left . Belfast have a game in hand on the Devils , who defeated Coventry Blaze 5-3 on Monday evening . Cardiff are in action against Blaze on Tuesday while the Giants are at home to Manchester Storm on Wednesday evening as the period continues . The Giants took the lead after 15:52 on Monday with Shields netting after being set up by James Desmarais and Saviano . Aarssen netted on the powerplay in the minute of the period but Martinelli restored the Giants' advantage on 27:41 after combining with Saviano . Garside fired into the Braehead net on 33:50 before Foster 's powerplay effort on 51:45 and Saviano 's goal on 55:18 . After Wednesday 's game against Manchester , Braehead Clan are the visitors on Friday before Coventry Blaze take on the Giants at the SSE Arena on 2 January .", "25 February 2016 updated at 10:01 GMT Having undergone restoration , it will make its journey in ten years along the East Coast mainline . The steam engine was built in Doncaster , but took its name from the Edinburgh to London service on which it ran . After the locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966 , the train toured the world , becoming an icon of engineering . Video produced by BBC Rewind", "He is one of 249 men suing the Catholic Church over abuse at St William 's school in Market Weighton . one man out of five cases heard at the High Court in Leeds has been awarded compensation . In December , a judge ruled in favour of one claimant and ordered the church to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 14,000 in damages . At the hearing , His Honour Judge Gosnell dismissed three claims . on this and East Yorkshire stories In January 2016 the head of St William 's James Carragher was jailed for the time after he was found of abusing boys . Carragher , 75 , had been sentenced to 21 years in prison for abusing boys and was jailed for a nine years in January . He was jailed for seven years in 1993 and a 14 years in 2004 for offences he committed at St William 's , which closed in 1992 . Co-defendant Anthony McCallen , 69 , a chaplain at St William 's , was sentenced to 15 years in prison for a series of sex offences . He was acquitted of eight charges at the trial . The De La Salle Brothers , a order of lay teachers , which ran the school in conjunction with the Diocese of Middlesbrough , has apologised \" \" for the abuse . Another set of compensation claims is expected to be heard in 2017 .", "The film , written by JK Rowling and starring Eddie Redmayne as Newt Scamander , took a total of \u00a3 15.3m . It is the opening weekend from the JK Rowling series , behind the two Harry Potter films . Warner Bros executive Josh Berger said : \" We are with the response from and audiences . \" The film worked its magic at cinemas , taking an estimated $ 75m (\u00a3 61m ) over the weekend - than the rest of the US box office 10 combined . Harry Potter creator Rowling has planned scripts for a total of five films in the series . The instalment is set in New York , and tells the story of a author mentioned in the Potter stories . Redmayne plays the part of the magizoologist Newt Scamander , who visits New York 's community of witches and wizards . The film is set 70 years before Harry Potter reads his book at his school , Hogwarts . It has received reviews from critics . The opening weekend haul in the US and Canada was than for any of the Harry Potter films , . in the box office charts , Benedict Cumberbatch 's Doctor Strange fell to with $ 17.7m (\u00a3 14.3m ) , with Trolls on $ 17.5m (\u00a3 14.1m ) . Sci-fi movie Arrival , starring Amy Adams , took spot with $ 11.8m (\u00a3 9.5m ) , while the comedy Almost Christmas , starring Danny Glover and Gabrielle Union , rounded out the five with $ 7m (\u00a3 5.7m ) . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 22-year-old fractured her neck and , dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc in her neck after colliding with Elis Ligtlee during the omnium final . Norfolk 's Williamson spent four weeks in hospital after January 's accident . \" They were paralysis was going to be the outcome while I was in Rotterdam , but I pulled ,\" she told BBC Look East . \" Being an athlete , I think they said because my neck and back were I was to withstand the force . \" Although I did break a bones , my cord stayed and I 'm to live another day . \" Racing at the event was cancelled after the 2013 World Championships bronze medallist 's crash , with fans asked to leave the velodrome . \" I have no memories , which is ,\" she said . \" It 's going to put me off in the future ,\" she said . \" I remember holding onto the fence getting to roll up to the and thing I know I was in hospital and someone was telling me I 'd had an accident . I responded with ' did I win ?' . That was all I was about . \" Williamson hopes to be \" riding \" on a bike by the end of the summer and says she has the support around her to make a recovery . Media playback is supported on this device \" I 'm going to get on a bike ,\" she added . \" I 've got no timescale , but I do know what level I 'll be to get to . I 'll give it a go . \" I 've got the support team behind me , I 've got physios , doctors . We 've got the world 's . At the end of the day , we 're a programme , so I 've got every chance of getting to I was . \"", "Association of Police and Crime Commissioners ( APCC ) executive Nazir Afzal was advised against doing by the organisation 's board . This was because of policing issues that could have been raised on the show . But Mr Afzal stepped down and appeared on the programme on 25 May . The APCC said : \" Nazir told the board that he intended to go on Question Time to discuss the events in Manchester . \" The board , made up of all parties , advised that it would be for him to do , given the number of issues relating to policing which could be raised in discussion with politicians who were appearing and during purdah . \" He resigned from his post in order to make this appearance . We thank him for his service during his year at the APCC . \" Mr Afzal joined the APCC year . The association said Mr Afzal signed a contract confirming that he would do any media without the consent of the board . This was because the APCC was and the role of the executive was restricted , it said . Mr Afzal tweeted : \" Given media calls I confirm that I 've resigned as Chief Executive of country 's police & crime commissioners . I 'm saying anything . \" Introduced in England and Wales in 2012 , PCCs must : Source : Association of Police and Crime Commissioners Mr Afzal is a Crown prosecutor for north-west England . It was announced he would step down in March 2015 . He led prosecutions , including the Rochdale grooming trial . He was awarded an OBE in 2004 for services to law and the community , Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning", "this month , NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21 % of salmon and 25 % of sea trout dying each year , as they migrate to and from rivers . Tidal Lagoon Power ( TLP ) said the claims had no \" basis \" . NRW said its figures were based on the \" evidence \" it received . In a briefing note sent to AMs and seen by BBC Wales , TLP disputed NRW 's figures and claimed that the regulator refused to share its methodology for calculating them . \" Without basis NRW has published figures based in these ' what if ' scenarios despite our request to consider the evidence needed to back them up to publication ,\" the briefing said . \" These scenarios give and misleading impact figures [ on fish ],\" the briefing adds . TLP said that computer modelling carried out by experts on its behalf estimated a \" case scenario \" of the lagoon killing 2 % of all species of fish . The \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn Swansea lagoon project is being viewed by the firm as a test bed for and versions around the coast , including Cardiff , Newport and Colwyn Bay . UK government ministers are considering the findings of a review of the viability of the scheme , which is to be published . Wales' Environment Secretary Lesley Griffiths said the Welsh Government was \" \" of the scheme . But she said both it and the industry needed clarity on the UK government 's position in the \" , future . \" NRW said it disagreed with TLP 's criticism , which it was \" and by \" . Gareth O'Shea , an NRW director , said : \" We have received a amount of evidence on this subject from the applicant and have held discussions with the developer for a year-and-a-half we have shared a amount of information , data and our methodology . \" This has been assessed by experts and our experts , and we have the confidence that it is the evidence to enable us to make the decision for the environment in Wales , as we are bound to do . \"", "It had been announced the 30-year-old would leave the Warriors his contract expires this summer . The forward becomes Sale 's signing for season . \" Josh is a world class ball-carrying forward ,\" said Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond . \" He has been performing for both Glasgow and Scotland over the five years and will complement the squad in the ball-carrying department . \" Strauss joined Glasgow from Super Rugby side Lions in 2012 and , after three years of residency , qualified to play for Scotland in time for the 2015 World Cup . Number eight Strauss has been sidelined by a kidney injury sustained during the Six Nations defeat by France , ruling him out of the rest of the tournament . \" Since coming to the UK I had it in the back of my mind that I wanted to play in the Premiership ,\" said Strauss . \" I have enjoyed my time with the Warriors , but I asked my agent to look for me . He came with Sale Sharks who have a name , a record in the Premiership and looked an proposition . \"", "Flight MU736 was heading from Sydney , Australia to Shanghai , but the pilot reported problems with the engine one hour after taking off . Passengers , who had to spend the night in Sydney , told media they smelt something burning inside the aircraft . The Airbus A330 landed and there were no reports of injuries . Images circulating on media showed a hole in the engine casing . passengers said they had heard a sound coming from the engine after take-off . One passenger told Australia 's Seven News network : \" we heard this noise ... it smelt like burning \" . \" I was . Our group was . \" One woman on the flight told news agency Reuters : \" The cabin crew went out and told us to fasten our seatbelts and tried to calm us down , but we were because we had no idea what was happening . \" Passengers said the crew cleared the seats near the engine . China Eastern Airlines said in a statement to the media that the crew had \" observed the situation of the engine and decided to return to Sydney airport \" . It added that all passengers would be placed on flights leaving on Monday . Aviation safety authorities are investigating . Aviation expert Greg Waldron of consulting firm FlightGlobal told the BBC that it would be \" to say at this juncture what caused damage \" to the China Eastern plane . He said investigators would look at all factors and examine maintenance records of the aircraft and engine . \" They will assess whether a object may have played a role in this ,\" he said . month , industry websites The Aviation Herald and Aero.de published pictures from media appearing to show a hole in another aeroplane 's engine casing . Mr Waldron added it would be \" \" to say whether the Sydney incident was linked to cases , but it would be something investigators would consider .", "Katy James was refused leave to remain because her husband Dominic , a bike dealer , earns than \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 per year . Mr and Mrs James live in Eastbourne and have a daughter , Madeleine , two . Immigration Minister James Brokenshire has written to their MP to say after an interval review the Home Office would reconsider her application to remain . Caroline Ansell MP wrote on her website she was the government would reverse the decision because \" the three have a right to family life under rights legislation and because of the impact on Madeleine should Katy be forced to leave . \" Katy 's father-in-law Jim Needham told BBC Sussex : \" It is a relief , it is days but we are things will progress and justice will be done . \" The couple , who married in 2006 , said they were victims of a rule change in 2012 which requires citizens with non-EU spouses to prove an income of \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 . Mrs James said on Wednesday it was \" \" the Home Office thought a child did need her mother . commentator Joshua Rozenberg said the purpose of the income threshold was to prevent non-Europeans marrying into the UK and becoming a burden on the taxpayer .", "At points throughout the year we may introduce a theme for the gallery - this week 's theme is \" love \" . Find out you can submit your images and videos . If you have a picture you 'd like to share , email us at england @ bbc.co.uk , post it on Facebook or tweet it to @ BBCEngland . You can find us on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image . You can see a archive of pictures on our England 's Big Picture board on Pinterest . emailing pictures , please make you include the following information : Please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are to use those which have been taken in the week . If you submit a picture , you do in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In contributing to England 's Big Picture you agree to grant us a , licence to publish and use the material in any way that we want , and in any media . It 's to note , , that you own the copyright to everything you contribute to England 's Big Picture , and that if your image is accepted , we will publish your name alongside . The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments . At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind of media .", "Mr Tshibala will be leader until elections this year . He was expelled from Congo 's opposition party , the UDPS , month after contesting the designation of successors to leader Etienne Tshisekedi who died in February . Mr Tshibala 's appointment is to divide Mr Kabila 's opponents . Talks to negotiate his exit from power broke down week . Mr Kabila was supposed to step down after his and term came to an end year but the vote to replace him was held . The commission cited and difficulties . The arrogance of power The failure to organise the polls led to a wave of demonstrations by opposition supporters , with calls from diplomats for the president to respect the constitution . The Roman Catholic Church stepped in to broker a deal at the end of 2016 which outlined the creation of a government that would oversee the elections . But the deal collapsed because the government and the opposition were to agree on the power-sharing mechanism under the arrangement . The country of 71 million people has had a transfer of power since its independence from Belgium in 1960 .", "Fairfax said on Wednesday it would cut 125 jobs - a quarter of its newsroom - to absorb slumping revenues . In response , staff will strike until after week 's budget , one of the year 's news days . Fairfax 's outlets include the Sydney Morning Herald , Melbourne 's The Age and the Australian Financial Review . The cuts come in addition to restructuring and cuts in years . The Sydney Morning Herald 's correspondent James Massola tweeted \" On strike for a week \" , while his colleague Judith Ireland urged that \" quality journalism needs journalists to do the job \" . Like media outlets around the globe , Fairfax is suffering from falling circulation of its print editions and declining advertising revenue . The staff cuts were announced along with plans to scale the use of freelancers . \" While we will be looking across all parts of the newsroom , at the end of the redundancy program we expect there will be management , video , presentation and section writer roles ,\" the publisher is quoted as saying in an note . Australia 's Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance , which represents the country 's journalists , criticised the planned cuts at Fairfax as a \" move \" . \" This will undermine and damage its mastheads , alienating its audience and leaving the staff that remain to work and to fill the gaps ,\" executive Paul Murphy said . Fairfax is the rival to Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp Australia , which is suffering from falling revenues and has announced plans to cut jobs .", "Media playback is supported on this device The 17-year-old from Gloucestershire won the champion apprentice trophy in his season this year . Marquand has racked up 68 wins across the 12 months , prompting his trainer Hannon to make the comparison with Moore . \" I think he could be a champion jockey one day ,\" Hannon told BBC Points West . \" I would be if he does go to the top , he is the name on everybody 's lips at the moment . \" Marquand 's rise has seen him nominated for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015 award . The jockey has been named on the shortlist for the award , alongside gymnast Ellie Downie and para-swimmer Tully Kearney . \" What he has achieved is a bit ,\" added Hannon . \" He is a guy and deserves his success . He is and he has endeared himself with everybody . \" Hannon , who has 300 horses based at his stables near Marlborough , is the son of jockey champion Richard Hannon Sr . Moore has enjoyed success under the guidance of Hannon and won the champion apprentice title in 2003 . Since , Moore has established himself as one of the jockeys in horse racing and was champion jockey in 2006 , 2008 and 2009 . \" Ryan Moore performs on the stage and he is the jockey in the world at the moment . He is and the jockey and that 's who you want to be ,\" said Marquand , who will find out if he has won the BBC award on Sunday . \" It is a yard that is in the limelight and it is to be attached to like this . \"", "Officials from Cuba and Norway , the two countries brokering the peace process , said a week of discussions would begin in Havana on 10 December . Colombia 's president stopped the talks after the rebels seized Gen Ruben Dario Alzate and two others on 16 November . The captives were released on Sunday . They were handed over to a mission led by the International Red Cross and taken to a base near the city of Medellin before travelling to be reunited with their families . \" We consider the crisis over and announce that we have agreed that the cycle of conversations will take place between 10 and 17 December ,\" Reuters quoted a statement read by a official as saying . The negotiators said the round of talks would focus on a de-escalation of the conflict , and on meeting the relatives of victims . They said the parties had agreed to establish a system to deal with any crises . They will reconvene around mid-January , on a date determined . The negotiations have been under way in Havana since November 2012 and aim to bring an end to five decades of conflict , in which 220,000 people are estimated to have died . The Red Cross and the Farc said that the handover on Sunday had taken place in a location in Choco province , an jungle region on Colombia 's Pacific Coast . Gen Alzate , Cpl Jorge Rodriguez and lawyer Gloria Urrego had been kidnapped 14 days while travelling along the Atrato river by boat . They had ventured into territory dominated by the Farc in clothes and without a security detail . The Farc said they kidnapped the general because they were that President Juan Manuel Santos had continued operations against them during peace talks . The rebel group has renewed calls for both sides to call a ceasefire while the peace negotiations proceed . The government has rejected calls , saying that a truce would help the rebel group regroup and rearm . Gen Alzate resigned from his post on Monday , saying he should have taken security precautions .", "Akpan , 25 , had a goal disallowed for handball in Tuesday 's loss at Sheffield Wednesday , before being shown a card by Scott Duncan for his protests . Blackburn have been charged with failing to ensure players conducted themselves in an fashion . Akpan and Rovers have until 20 and 21 February to respond . A ban is the punishment for a card for conduct . , it is alleged that Akpan 's behaviour constituted conduct in circumstances the punishment that would apply is . He is banned for three matches , including Sunday 's FA Cup tie with Manchester United . In 1998 , then-Sheffield Wednesday striker Paolo di Canio was banned for 11 games for pushing referee Paul Alcock to the ground . Seven years , Southampton midfielder David Prutton was suspended for 10 matches after admitting two charges of conduct , having pushed referee Alan Wiley and attempting to confront another official .", "The 22-year-old joins an list at the Aegon Open on 4-12 June , including Caroline Wozniacki , Victoria Azarenka , and three Johanna Konta , Heather Watson and Naomi Broady . Robson reached world number 27 in July 2013 , but has struggled since returning from a wrist injury year . \" I am to be returning to Nottingham ,\" Robson said . \" I remember the grass courts are . Preparing on the grass is of Wimbledon and Nottingham is the place to start . \" I enjoy this time of year , to be to play in front of a home crowd . It is to see a turnout for the event as the fans create such a atmosphere . \"", "A smell led residents to the site in March . The government says all the bodies were buried in a night and include babies and bodies . But Human Rights Watch says they must check to see if any of the people killed during protests in January have been buried . Dozens of demonstrators died in protests over a proposed law change which would have required a census to be held before the election could take place . The watchdog Human Rights Watch ( HWR ) has said that bodies went during the protests and during government crackdowns on gangs in the capital year and in 2013 . rights workers became of the burial site after residents of Maluku in Kinshasa reported a smell near the cemetery than two weeks . A woman working in the field discovered a limb sticking out of the ground . The DR Congo government has said that the bodies were all buried in graves on 19 March . A spokesman said on Monday that there would be no exhumations of the bodies .", "Media playback is supported on this device The Toffees will pay \u00a3 5m compensation for the Dutchman , who leaves Saints after two years in charge . Everton have been without a manager since they sacked Roberto Martinez before the end of the 2015-16 season . It is expected Koeman 's appointment will be confirmed by Friday . Listen : Saints fans feeling let down by Koeman BBC Radio 5 's Football Daily podcast Koeman , who has been headhunted by Everton owner Farhad Moshiri , will sign a deal reported to be \u00a3 6m a year . The Netherlands international , who is on holiday , will take brother Erwin and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg with him to Goodison Park . Saints have finished and under Koeman - their Premier League campaigns . Martinez promised Champions League qualification appointed but Everton finished in 2015-16 , his year at the club . In April , Saints chairman Ralph Krueger said discussions with Koeman over a deal were progressing \" in a direction \" , but added the club was \" in any hurry \" . And month the Ajax , PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona defender said he expected to stay with the Saints for the year of his contract . Koeman made than 763 appearances as a player , scoring 253 goals , and won the 1988 European Championship with the Netherlands . He won the European Cup - the Champions League - with PSV Eindhoven in 1988 and Barcelona in 1992 , scoring the winner for the latter against Sampdoria at Wembley . He won four league titles in the Netherlands and Spain . Koeman has managed Vitesse Arnhem , Ajax , Benfica , PSV , Valencia , AZ Alkmaar , Feyenoord and Southampton . He has won the league with both Ajax and PSV . Reaction Southampton and England forward Matt le Tissier said he was \" \" and \" \" at Koeman 's decision to leave , with Saints playing in the Europa League season . \" He may feel he has got a chance of winning trophies at Everton . I 'd be of a opinion ,\" Le Tissier told BBC Sport . \" I understand they 've got a owner and want to splash a bit of cash , but it might be a job as he thinks . \" clubs in the Premier League are and can compete in the transfer market . We have to move on and look to the man to take us . \" The players' loyalty lies with the football club and they will kick us on season . \"", "The problem is that of the initiatives and ideas sold to the country as prove to be business as . the Communities Secretary Sajid Javid went out of his way to sound and today . He accused some councils of \" fudging \" the numbers on housing need in their area and warned them that he was going to allow that to happen . But the response to the government 's proposals has been mixed . Labour 's housing minister John Healey described them as \" beyond belief \" . \" Re-treading ground \" was the National Association of Commercial Finance Brokers described the White Paper . \" Kicking the can down the road ,\" one investment fund said . The executive of the housebuilder Inland Homes , Stephen Wicks , bemoaned the failure to relax rules on belt development . \" Brownfield in itself ca sustain the housing requirements of the UK ,\" he said . \" It can go an way but there needs to be a relaxation of some belt to enable us to deliver the numbers that we are required to do . \" The White Paper does include measures to encourage developers , housing associations and councils to build homes , both to rent and to buy . But this government seems to speak with two voices on housing : the communities department wants to shift the balance of power towards development in places people want to live , but Number 10 and some backbenchers are to the concerns of those who wish to protect the countryside and the belt . The question that lies behind all the rhetoric and policy bullet-points is whether the balance of power between development and opposition has changed . Ministers accept England needs 250,000 homes every year , they have described the housing market as \" \" and they agree that change is the way to mend it . But have to be convinced that this White Paper amounts to a \" plan \" to achieve that .", "Robert Thomson , 18 , from Bellshill , was seen on Friday 3 June and reported missing by his family two days . Police said the body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive , Motherwell , had to be identified but was believed to be Mr Thomson . A examination will be held to establish the cause of death , which is being treated as .", "The Barcelona striker is of team-mate Lionel Messi , who is valued by academics at \u00a3 149m . The England players in the 10 are Tottenham duo Harry Kane ( \u00a3 122m ) and Dele Alli (\u00a3 96m ) . Paul Pogba , who joined Manchester United for a record \u00a3 89m in the summer , is \u00a3 136.4m . The study has been carried out by a team of academics from the CIES Football Observatory , using a transfer value algorithm . They have calculated the value using criteria that includes player performance and characteristics , as age and length of contract . Cristiano Ronaldo , the Ballon d'Or winner and Fifa 's world 's player , is on the list at \u00a3 111m , with Real Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale and valued at \u00a3 73.8m , than the \u00a3 85.3m he cost the La Liga side in 2013 . Pogba is the player in the five based in Spain , with Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann at \u00a3 132m and Barcelona 's Luis Suarez (\u00a3 127m ) . There are 42 Premier League players in the 100 including Chelsea 's Eden Hazard (\u00a3 89m ) , Manchester United 's Anthony Martial (\u00a3 81m ) , Manchester City 's Raheem Sterling (\u00a3 75m ) and Leicester City 's Jamie Vardy (\u00a3 45m ) . West Ham midfielder Michail Antonio makes the list at 100 , with a value of \u00a3 31m .", "Yvonne Mosquito , the West Midlands Deputy PCC , was suspended after visiting a murder victim 's family without informing officers . Following a disciplinary in May 2016 , Ms Mosquito had an employment tribunal listed to take place in May 2017 . A statement said \" all matters \" were resolved . A BBC source said Ms Mosquito had received a payout . The Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner said it would comment on whether money had exchanged hands . Allegations against Ms Mosquito related to a visit she paid to the family of Kenichi Phillips , 18 , who was shot in a car in Birmingham , on 17 March 2016 . Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson said her actions \" caused upset and distress \" and \" damaged the relationship \" between the family and police \" in the middle of a and murder investigation \" . Her supporters insisted she visited as an minister who wanted to offer condolences to relatives . Her union Unite rejected the allegations , saying it was \" \" the hearing went in Ms Mosquito 's absence . She was issued with a written warning and her contract was renewed . The BBC reported Ms Mosquito wrote a letter of complaint about the PCC 's behaviour towards her , of which the PCC was , four weeks before her suspension . A statement issued by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) and Ms Mosquito said they were \" to announce that they have settled all matters between them \" . \" Litigation is a business and the parties acknowledge and regret the effects that follow from that ,\" it added . The colleagues thanked each for their work around issues of equality , the statement added .", "Media playback is supported on this device Winger Niall McGinn netted as Northern Ireland recovered from their opening defeat by Poland to remain in contention for a place in the 16 . \" People had written us off , nobody gave us a chance ,\" said defender McAuley . \" It 's a moment . \" We were at it against Poland and we wanted to put it . \" Media playback is supported on this device The West Brom player became the goalscorer at a European Championship by putting Northern Ireland with a header , before substitute McGinn added the in injury time . It was Northern Ireland 's victory at a tournament finals in 34 years - since beating hosts Spain at the 1982 World Cup - and the result means Michael O'Neill's side can progress as a third-placed team at . They face Germany in their Group C game and , with Ukraine having been eliminated , Northern Ireland will qualify for the stages with a win in Paris on Tuesday . \" We let ourselves down against Poland in terms of the intensity we wanted to play at we had a point to prove to ourselves ,\" said McAuley . \" It was a team performance and we are for everyone , the supporters . \" We have something to play for in our game against Germany , which is what we wanted . We can take a lot of confidence into that game . \" Media playback is supported on this device O'Neill made five changes for his side 's group game , including leaving striker Kyle Lafferty on the bench , and the Northern Ireland boss acknowledge it was a gamble . \" There was some risk attached to changing the team but it was a performance from the side ,\" said the 46-year-old . \" I could have asked any . The players gave every ounce of passion and energy and the supporters were - everything that is about Northern Ireland was in that stadium . \" We have given ourselves a chance of finishing and we will try to nick a point , , against the Germans . \" I 'll let the players enjoy this and our minds will switch to Germany . We wo underestimate them . \"", "Lydia Wilkinson said she did know at whether her father Peter was going to survive the stabbing at their home in Stourbridge on 30 March . She said looking after him was a \" relief and an opportunity I did think I was going to have \" . \" I will miss them both ,\" the 18-year-old added . Aaron Barley , 23 , of no address , has been charged with their murders and with the attempted murder of Mr Wilkinson . Lydia , who was at university at the time Tracey and Pierce were stabbed , spoke of her devastation . Mrs Wilkinson was pronounced at the scene . Pierce died in hospital after paramedics battled to save him . \" For me it is a case of taking every day as it comes and counting your blessings and using the support , . \" For on this and Birmingham and Black Country news She paid tribute to staff at Birmingham 's Queen Elizabeth hospital who saved her father . Lydia had been planning to collect Pierce from school the day . \" I ca believe that I will see him or pick him up from school on that Friday like I promised to do ,\" she said . \" He was and of life and he did light up a room with his mannerisms and impressions . \" Mr Wilkinson , who spent six days in care , said he was \" on the mend \" . He suffered lacerations , \" dozens of stab wounds and 100 stitches \" . \" It will take some time but the pain will take ,\" he said . Mr Wilkinson said : \" I did find out until I woke up in care that Pierce had made it . It was . . \" He added his wife had been a \" mum \" and a , person . \" \" She was , she was our angel ,\" he said .", "Students said the error meant there were two answers to the choice questions . Officials have said they will accept two answers as in each case , and the head of the exam board has offered to resign . The test determines the futures of school students . media said the mistake would affect the test scores of 3,600-4,000 students . \" I express regret and recognise an need to improve the question-making process ,\" Education Minister Hwang Woo-Yea said in a statement broadcast on television . \" We will investigate the root cause of the problem ,\" Mr Hwang said . About 640,000 students sat the test , called the College Scholastic Ability Test , on 13 November at 1,216 testing sites across the country , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said . students engage in studying for years in preparation for the exam , with the involvement of their parents in what is an environment . A score would mean a spot in one of South Korea 's universities . The questions , one in the biology exam and one in the language paper , sparked an uproar with parents and students complaining to the website of the Korea Institute for Curriculum and Evaluation ( KICE ) which administers the exam . year 's exam was because of a mistake in one of the questions in the world geology section . After a battle , Seoul High Court ruled in favour of four students who said the question was . \" We did our this year to prevent questions ... but there were questions , causing chaos and inconvenience among exam takers , their parents and teachers ,\" said Kim Sung-Hoon , head of KICE .", "Gloucester have played from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007 . In September , planning permission was approved to permit work on building a ground for Gloucester . The University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds , who are in the tier of rugby league , play in Cheltenham but want a home . All Golds president Lionel Hurst told BBC Radio Gloucestershire : \" We have met with those who own the club . \" We can see that it makes sense . We will need to have meetings . \" We are a way from getting over the line on this , but watch this space . We are seeking our base for the club . \" Rugby league and football are friends throughout the land . It would be a partnership if it happened . \"", "In July , Conor McGinn , who is from Armagh , claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning his father . It followed an interview in which he called for Mr Corbyn to \" reach out beyond his comfort zone \" . A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said at the time that it was \" \" . The St Helens MP told BBC Radio Four 's Westminster Hour : \" The modus operandi that he ( Mr Corbyn ) and the people around him were trying to do , involving my family , was to isolate and ostracise me from them and from the community I am to come from - which is an , community in Armagh . \" The MP claimed that after he spoke out about Mr Corbyn in May , he got a call from the Labour office saying the party leader had asked for his resignation and considered sacking him . But , through his spokesman , he had asked for an apology and retraction , which Mr McGinn refused to make . The MP said he texted the Labour leader to make no offence was intended and reiterate that their friendship was to him and asking for a meeting . He received no response , but said he was informed by the office that Mr Corbyn had proposed asking the MP 's father , Pat , to intervene . Pat McGinn was Sinn F\u00e9in councillor in Newry for years , serving as the council 's mayor between 2005 and 2006 .", "Wiggins and Cavendish are among eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic Games to be involved , along with road race silver medallist Tom Dumoulin . Owain Doull , who won team pursuit gold with GB in Rio and was in the 2015 Tour of Britain , will race . The event concludes in London on 11 September . \" The field for this year 's Tour of Britain is without parallel , with star quality you look among the teams ,\" said race director Mick Bennett . Tour de France stage winner Cavendish will make his appearance since winning omnium silver at the Olympics , in a field that features omnium gold medallist and Team Sky rider Elia Viviani of Italy , as the Manxman 's sprint rival Andre Greipel of Germany . Wiggins is joined by Dylan van Baarle as Tour of Britain winners in the field . A total of 21 teams will take part , including 11 UCI World Tour outfits , the number to have competed in Britain since the 2014 Tour de France Grand Depart . Seven teams will compete , led by Team Sky and including Team Wiggins and a Great Britain team . The rider list includes six road race champions , led by champion Adam Blythe , who will ride for Great Britain . There are six time trial champions , including UCI world hour record holders Alex Dowsett and Rohan Dennis and world time trial champion Tony Martin .", "Ronald Chigunwe worked for Wessex Heartbeat , which supports the centre at Southampton General Hospital . The 40-year-old , of Breadels Field , Basingstoke , pleaded to four offences of fraud and money laundering . , he denied four charges of money laundering . The Crown Prosecution Service will decide whether he should face trial . A decision is within the 14 days . The fraud was uncovered a executive took over at the charity and became after asking Chigunwe for information . The executive 's wife - an accounts expert - was asked to look at the records and discovered the fraud .", "The victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an girl a month . She has alleged that police refused to file a case saying incidents were . The incident took place in Mulgaon village on Monday afternoon but reports of the atrocity have come out . The village in Satara district falls in the constituency of the state 's Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan . \" The women pushed me to the ground , took off my sari and started beating me up with chappals [ slipper ] and a stick . They pulled my hair ,\" the victim told a television channel . She said the beatings continued for two hours . On Wednesday , police arrested five people , including the eloped girl 's parents . Dalits , known as \" untouchables \" , are at the bottom of the caste system in India . Although caste discrimination is , biases remain in areas .", "The company is in talks with lenders over money it needs to reorganise its business in the wake of a accounting scandal . The electronics giant is hoping for loans of up to 250bn yen ($ 2.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 1.6bn ) , said Nikkei daily . Toshiba confirmed it was in talks but said the details had been decided . The Nikkei daily said Sumitomo Mitsui Banking , Mizuho Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank were like to provide the funds as this month . The funds are for the survival of the conglomerate as it streamlines its businesses , whose performances had gone during a decade of accounting . The restructuring comes after the company admitted in 2015 it had overstated its profits by $ 1.3bn over seven years . As part of the efforts to balance its books , the firm has announced job cuts and the selling of plants and units to investors . Toshiba employs 200,000 people . Its shares have lost about 40 % of their value since April year , news of the profit overstatement began to emerge . In July , its executive , president and six executives resigned from the company . Toshiba , which is involved in a wide-range of industries from electronics to energy , was founded in 1875 and launched the world 's laptop in 1985 .", "Set 284 for victory , England reached 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah - their record fourth-innings run chase in Asia is 209 in 2010 . Bowler Anderson said : \" We 'd lose 2-0 trying to chase the total . \" We know it is going to turn and they have got some spinners , so we are going to have to bat . \" He added : \" We have got some batsman in our line-up . They are going to have to pull their fingers out and bat . \" Mohammad Hafeez hit 151 as Pakistan - 146-3 - were bowled out for 355 in their innings . Jonny Bairstow missed a stumping off Adil Rashid in the over of day four with Hafeez on 97 , and the opener was dropped by Stuart Broad on 113 . England lost Moeen Ali for 22 and Ian Bell for a duck in the space of 13 balls before the close . Alastair Cook , who hit an century England chased 209 to beat Bangladesh by nine wickets at Dhaka in 2010 , will resume on 17 and Joe Root six on Thursday . \" , we can get a couple of partnerships and a couple of scores ,\" added Anderson , who took 2-52 . \" We are going to have to bat the day to win or draw . \" \" England are out of it but their chances have gone from one in six to one in 15 or 20 ,\" England batsman Geoffrey Boycott told BBC Test Match Special . \" Joe Root and Alastair Cook are quality players but they did look at ease . If they go it is . \" England captain Michael Vaughan added : \" It 's been a day for England . Hafeez 's innings could be the difference . \" Pakistan are favourites but you know if England can get one player to 100 . There 's a 15 % chance of an England win . \" Listen to Geoffrey Boycott 's review of each day 's play on the TMS podcast Listen to commentary highlights from the series on Pint-Sized TMS", "Gatland says Henry indicated to his players at the outset of the trip of Australia who would be selected for the Test matches . He says that meant his compatriot \" lost half the team on day one \" . \" The players knew what was the Test side and who was making up the numbers ,\" said the New Zealander . Gatland , who on Wednesday named his side to face the Provincial Barbarians in the tour opener on Saturday , says each of his squad is in contention to face the All Blacks . \" Keeping harmony in the squad is ,\" he said . \" It 's about giving everyone an opportunity . \" It 's these guys feel like they are putting themselves in the shop window and have a chance to prove themselves , and with a bit of luck are in contention for the Tests . Media playback is supported on this device Owen Farrell and Johnny Sexton appear to be in competition for the fly-half spot after Gatland reiterated he sees the Englishman as a \" 10 \" , than a centre . Irishman Sexton starts on Saturday , with Farrell on the bench . \" The players are about the competition in that position ,\" Gatland said . \" Johnny gets a start on Saturday , and the two [ Farrell and Dan Biggar ] will get a start in the two games . \" Gatland 's son Bryn will start for the Provincial Barbarians at fly-half . \" I spoke to Bryn night and he 's enjoying the week ,\" Gatland Sr said . \" We 'll catch up tomorrow , and he 'll expect to have to make a tackles on the weekend . \" We have spoken about the game but he 's about the opportunity . \"", "The 24-year-old , who played 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock season , will compete with James Tavernier . Hodson started his career at Watford and played 51 games in three seasons at MK Dons after a loan at Brentford . He joins faces Matt Gilks , Clint Hill , Joey Barton , Niko Kranjcar , Jordan Rossiter , Matt Crooks and Josh Windass at Ibrox . Rangers paid an fee for Hodson , who was part of Northern Ireland 's squad at Euro 2016 , but did feature in any of their four matches .", "Those selling the weapons disassembled and sent them in packages or embedded them in stereos or printers , the report found . Researchers found that firearms and goods generated 136 sales per month and a revenue of $ 80,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 62,000 ) . The firearms trade has gained attention following attacks . The net is a part of the internet that requires software to access , in order for users to remain . While the trade was to fuel operations , it had the potential to become the platform of choice for \" \" terrorists to obtain weapons and ammunition , the report said . organisation Rand Corporation Europe , working with Manchester University , found 52 vendors selling weapons or items as ammunition , explosives , or components as silencers across 811 listings and 18 markets . Police believe the 2016 Munich shooting , which left nine people , used weapons purchased on the net . author of the research , Giacomo Persi Paoli , said : \" cases have shown that the threat posed by individuals or groups obtaining weapons from the web is . \" The ability to arm criminals and terrorists , who can make purchases , but and individuals is the aspect . \" Guns account for than 1 % of items sold on the platform , with its trade being in narcotics . , the volume being sold \" can be considered to be a cause of concern for policy makers and law enforcement agencies \" , said the report . The study involved collecting data from 12 net marketplaces during a week in September 2016 . of those selling guns were based in the US , but Europe was the destination for the weapons they sold . Judith Aldridge , co-investigator on the study , said : \" In terms , anyone can connect to the web and within minutes have access to a variety of vendors offering their products , which are . \" The web enables trade at a level , removing some of the barriers between vendors and buyers , while increasing the safety of both buyers and sellers through a series of features that obscure their identities . \"", "The comedian and actor has been married to Malaak Compton-Rock for 19 years . A statement issued through his lawyer confirmed the split : \" Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife , Malaak . \" This is a matter and Chris requests privacy as he and Malaak work through this process and focus on their family . \" The couple have two children , daughters , Lola Simone , 12 , and Zahra Savannah , 10 . Chris Rock joked during a routine : \" Relationships are , man . In order for any relationship to work both of you have to be on the page . \" You both have to have the focus . And that focus is ... it 's about her . \" Chris Rock made his name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s . The 49-year-old went onto forge a TV career before appearing in films like Dr Dolittle and Madagascar . In his film , Top Five , Rock plays a comedian who is persuaded into having his wedding screened as part of a reality TV show . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Paul Mason , of Ipswich , used to weigh 70 stone ( 440kg ) but has lost than 40 stone ( 254kg ) with the help of band surgery . He hopes the procedures in New York will help shed seven stone ( 44kg ) . His visa application had been delayed due to a conviction . Mr Mason needs to raise \u00c2 \u00a3 7,000 towards costs . He was in the US in December for a consultation with Dr Jennifer Capla , who offered to remove his skin for after hearing that the NHS would perform the operations as Mr Mason hoped . , his plans to make a return to the country were delayed his visa application was referred to Homeland Security in March , because of a conviction for fraud in 1986 . He has received his visa and had been to have surgery on 20 October . But this has been postponed as he needs to raise $ 12,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 7,400 ) to cover the post-surgery costs , which include accommodation and medicine . He is to fly this week . time he was in the US he appeared on The View TV programme , he accepted a marriage proposal from his girlfriend , Rebecca Mountain , who lives in Massachusetts .", "In a study on mice , Hsp90 inhibitors were found to strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments . This makes the drugs for treating cancers , the research team said . Prostate cancer is the cancer in men in the UK . one in eight men will get prostate cancer at some point in their lives . It affects men over the age of 50 . The cancer can be treated with hormone treatments , which target receptors linked to the growth of hormones called androgens . But some prostate cancers do work that way . they create an form of receptor which is linked to the growth of hormones and does respond to hormone treatment . This is the form of resistance in prostate cancer which leads to , cancers . The research , published in the journal Cancer Research , found that a class of drugs reduced production of both receptors . Professor Paul Workman , study author and executive of the Institute of Cancer Research , said it was an discovery . \" We call Hsp90 inhibitors ' network drugs' because they tackle of the signals that are hijacked in cancer all at , across a network than a signalling pathway . \" These drugs can hit cancer than those targeting one protein , and look for preventing or overcoming drug resistance . \" Prof Workman said the step was to test the Hsp90 inhibitors in trials on patients with , prostate cancer . Prof Johann de Bono , a professor of cancer medicine at the Institute of Cancer Research , said : \" These drugs are in trials for types of cancer , and I am that our work suggests they could benefit men with prostate cancer who have run out of treatment options . \"", "\" This will give all European Leagues freedom to schedule their matches as they see ,\" said the European Professional Football Leagues group . The agreement ended on 15 March . It had been in place between the EPFL and Uefa to boost attendances and television viewing figures for matches . Arsenal 's FA Cup replay against Hull City in March 2016 was given dispensation to be played on the night as the Champions League 16 . Manchester City hosted Stoke City in a Premier League fixture month on the night as the Champions League ties between Barcelona and Paris St-Germain , and Borussia Dortmund and Benfica . The Premier League said the scheduling of the match on Wednesday , 8 March was \" \" , it was reported . It was reported in April 2013 that the Football Association was fined \u00a3 1.1m for allowing matches to be played on the night as games . The EPFL said it will hold a assembly of its member leagues in Geneva on 6 June .", "The woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday . Officers cordoned off an area of the park as part of their investigation , and were believed to be following a line of inquiry . Anyone with information was asked to contact Police Scotland .", "Curtis and manager Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday 's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley 's sacking . Swansea want to appoint their boss as , with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the choice . \" We 've got to go with somebody who will to get us out of trouble ,\" he said . \" If we were to go - and there 's that possibility - you look at the Championship and it seems to have got a lot . It 's a conclusion [ to go ] . \" I know Norwich and Burnley have done it but it 's . Newcastle look like they 'll do it but they 're a , club who can hang on to a lot of their players . I 'm we 'd be to do that . \" If we go , it 's going to be to get . \" Swansea were promoted to the Premier League in 2011 and established a reputation as a club with a team that played , football . Their promotion capped a rise from the brink of bankruptcy a decade and being relegated out of the Football League in 2003 . Curtis - a player who was at the club throughout their rise up the divisions - believes the Swans have been the since Michael Laudrup left in 2014 . \" I think we have [ lost our way ] . It 's the change of management all the time ,\" Curtis added . \" The eras were Roberto Martinez , Brendan Rodgers and Michael Laudrup . But we 've lost a bit of the ' Swansea Way ' . It has been diluted . \" We 've lost quite a players but have we replaced them ? \" Media playback is supported on this device Curtis believes the Swansea squad is to stay up , and the 62-year-old reminds every signing of the club has come . \" I know a lot of the boys have seen [ the documentary ] Jack to a King . they 've got a history of we were and we are ,\" he said . \" They might be 100 % about it but they know we came from and it is [ to stay ] . for the club but for the area . \"", "Data shows that the tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is 12 % on the year 's figures . Graduates start repaying their debt once their income reaches \u00a3 21,000 but after 30 years debt is written off . For those repaying loans in 2017 the sum owed at the start of repayment was \u00a3 19,280 . That compares with \u00a3 32,220 for English students , \u00a3 20,990 for Northern Irish students and \u00a3 11,740 for students who do pay fees if they study in Scotland . The figures come from the Student Loans Company and cover 2016 / 17 . Welsh domiciled students have been to claim a grant towards their tuition fees since 2012-13 - a sum of \u00a3 4,954 in 2017-18 . But the grants are to be scrapped from 2018-19 with help for maintenance costs introduced , under plans unveiled year . At the end of 2016-17 there were 304,900 borrowers of education student loans in Wales , with 191,100 for repayment . As of the end of April 2017 there are 41,430 borrowers who had repaid , amounting to 16.4 % of the total . The data covers students studying in education in the UK and EU students studying in Wales .", "The man was stopped at Turin Airport wearing a pilot 's uniform and using forged ID cards , police said . He was charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation . The suspect led police to a garage containing pressed shirts with epaulets , trousers and jackets , like those worn by pilots . No motive for the man 's actions was reported . Police have established he sat as \" pilot \" in the cockpit of an Air Dolomiti plane which flew from Munich to Turin in April . He did touch the controls , . Air Dolomiti is part of the airline Lufthansa , which gave no details approached by the Associated Press news agency but insisted he could have boarded the plane without a ticket . Investigators are trying to establish if the man flew on planes . Police had been investigating the suspect , who had created a identity as a Lufthansa pilot named Andrea Sirlo , with a Facebook page which included flight attendant friends . They said they had been alerted months after he introduced himself as a captain to a aviation lieutenant , who became because he seemed for the job . Police tracked him down from photos on his Facebook profile , in which he is shown posing in uniform and sunglasses in front of planes . Officers approached him in a bar outside Turin Airport 's check-in area , dressed in a pilot 's uniform with no company logo on it , and sipping coffee . In the garage , officers found IDs and flight theory manuals , the news agency Ansa reports . \" On one occasion in 2012 , pretending to be a pilot of a airline , and with a name , he succeeded in flying as the pilot in the cockpit ,\" police said in a statement . According to Ansa , a flight took place on 6 April . In addition , a profile on a website users can track their flights shows a \" Pilot Andrea Sirlo \" flying from Munich Airport to Turin on 23 October year . The case has echoes of the 2002 Hollywood film Catch Me If You Can , in which Leonardo Di Caprio played Frank Abagnale , a con-man who flew as a Pan pilot in the 1960s . Sirlo is the name of a flight corridor over Turin .", "The UK must go to ensure those settling learn English \" so they can be into our country \" . Asked about the issue at Prime Minister 's Questions , Mr Cameron said the government had made progress on the issue , but had to be done . He agreed parents should be for making children speak English . Conservative MP for Keighley Kris Hopkins asked if the PM agreed that there was \" a responsibility and an obligation \" on parents to make their children can speak English they start school . Mr Cameron replied : \" I agree ... in cases this is happening . \" Since autumn , people from outside the EU applying for a visa to join their spouse or partner have to prove they have a command of English before their application is approved . , visa applicants had to show that their marriage or partnership was and that they could support themselves . The minister told the Commons : \" The government did make some progress on making people learnt English they came to our country , I think we need to go . \" If you look at the figures for the number of people who are brought over as husbands and wives , from the sub-continent , we should be putting in place - and we will be putting in place - rules to make they do learn English and they come , if they come , they can be into our country . \" The session of Prime Minister 's Questions was dominated by affairs with Labour leader Ed Miliband focusing all his six questions on events in Egypt and the UK 's mission in Afghanistan . Mr Miliband , who visited Afghanistan for the time as Labour leader week , paid an tribute to soldiers' work , acknowledged the difference in the Commons session from the point scoring . Mr Cameron welcomed the opportunity to have a \" conversation \" about the work of soldiers in Afghanistan , saying they wanted politicians to discuss their efforts , although he noted MPs \" preferred a bunfight \" about issues .", "The Joseph Rowntree Foundation said the number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013 . executive Julia Unwin said action to help pensioners was balanced by a \" rise \" in working people struggling to \" make ends meet \" . The UK government said its plan for a living wage would help people . \" Work is the route out of poverty and employment in Wales is at record levels ,\" a spokesman said . A government spokesman added : \" Despite improvements to the economy , we do , , recognise in-work poverty is a growing issue and are working to support households and deliver jobs for the economy . \" We are helping adults access employment , supporting second-earners into work and are improving people 's skills to enable them to progress in the workplace . \" People are classed as being in poverty if their household earns or receives than 60 % of the income of \u00c2 \u00a3 450 a week , adjusted for family size .", "Correspondents said the atmosphere at schools was and pupils had returned . They said parents had been taken by surprise by the government 's decision to reopen schools with four days' notice and were prepared . than 8,400 people have died in West Africa in the world 's outbreak of the Ebola virus . The reopening of schools in Guinea comes four days after the UN said the number of confirmed Ebola cases in the country had fallen to its total since August . At one school in the capital , Conakry , 220 of the 2,000 pupils were reported to have returned . Of the 36 teachers , than half were at work . schools have introduced health precautions , including hand-washing and temperature checks . Ebola has had a impact on health but on the economy . Unemployment and underemployment have risen , leaving parents with difficulties meeting expenses at the beginning of a year . Schools remain in Sierra Leone and Liberia , the two countries hit by the Ebola outbreak . this month , the head of the UN team fighting Ebola , Anthony Banbury , said he believed cases of the virus would be brought down to zero by the end of 2015 .", "Sylvia Fleming was she was murdered in Omagh in 1998 by Stephen Scott . He was sentenced to life , but has been taking part in a scheme . The prison service said the Victim Information Scheme ( PRVIS ) gives victims an opportunity to provide and receive information about prisoners . Miss Fleming went in April 1998 . Her body parts were found under the foundations of a house eight weeks . Sentencing Scott in 2000 , the judge described him as \" \" . He said : \" The manner in which her body was disposed of after her murder is the . \" I am that you , Scott , killed this girl but that you planned that killing and carried it out in circumstances that they would revolt any person . \" Her sister , Josie Fleming , told BBC Radio Foyle she was contacted by someone who had spotted the killer painting a fence . \" though we knew the time was coming we are and ,\" she said . \" They need to let us know he is for his release - it 's for us to know this person will be to walk the streets . \" Miss Fleming said she believes Scott is \" of anything \" and should be freed . \" He took her into his flat , he tied her up in a bed and put a blindfold over her eyes and covered her mouth with tape ,\" Ms Fleming said . \" He injected her with insulin and she passed he put her in the attic and took her down and put her in the bath to cut her up . \" \" You can come to terms with what happened , we 're learning to live with it but we 'll , get over it . \" In a statement , the prison service said those who register with the Victim Information Scheme will get details about a person convicted of a crime against them . They will receive details about any release a prisoner is granted , the month and year in which a prisoner is expected to be released , any conditions of the prisoner 's release and any breaches of those conditions which result in the prisoner 's return to custody . In the case of life-sentence prisoners , the victim can obtain information about the number of years the life prisoner must serve , the life prisoner is being considered for release and have the opportunity to give views the prisoner is considered for release .", "The company said there had been an \" response \" to its Equity for Punks USA crowdfunding initiative . BrewDog hopes to raise up to $ 50m within six months to help fund expansion in North America . Plans include a 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus , Ohio . It is scheduled to open this year . Shares in the funding round cost $ 47.50 each , with a investment of $ 95 . According to BrewDog , than 1,200 people have signed up to the scheme . On its website , the company said : \" This response to our crowdfunding round in the States shows the demand for our beer in America , and sets us up with a community of individuals and waiting to help us make our US business an success . \" Its Equity for Punks USA investment scheme is the fundraising venture by the brewery , and its in the US . The Ellon-based company has raised than \u00a3 26m since launching its Equity for Punks crowdfunding round in 2009 . Its UK round raised \u00a3 19m to fund growth plans , including expanding its brewery in Ellon and opening bars . The round , which closed in April , fell of its \u00a3 25m target . BrewDog 's business employs than 600 people and exports to 55 countries . It operates than 40 bars in the UK and .", "Unions had won backing for strike action after the firm proposed closing the salary scheme , which Tata claimed was facing a \u00c2 \u00a3 2bn deficit . Workers have agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining . A proposed strike scheduled for 22 June was suspended following talks at the arbitration service Acas . Neither the unions nor Tata have given any details of the changes . In a statement Tata Steel said the proposal was \" a and solution \" . The firm added ; \" The arrangements , including the modifications to scheme benefits , will address a proportion of the pension scheme 's projected deficit . \" actions to be agreed with the pension Trustee will address the balance . \" Roy Rickhuss , secretary of Community , one of the four unions involved in the dispute , said the UK steel industry was facing \" challenges \" . \" It was during this dispute that the company was listening to the concerns of its workforce , which led to a breakdown in trust and confidence ,\" he said . \" All unions have begun a dialogue with the company to address these issues . \" Tata Steel employs than 17,000 people in its UK operation . It has sites in Corby , Hartlepool , Rotherham , Scunthorpe , Teesside and York as plants in Port Talbot , Newport , Flintshire and Carmarthenshire .", "The investment firm , JAB Holding will pay a 78 % premium to Friday 's closing price to buy the company . JAB is offering $ 92 a share . While than Friday 's price , it 's a discount to the $ 157 share price the company enjoyed in November 2014 . The deal will make JAB the player in the coffee pod market . \" Keurig Green Mountain represents a step in the creation of our coffee platform ,\" said JAB chairman Bart Becht , in a statement . JAB has invested in the US coffee market . It bought Caribou Coffee Co and Peet 's Coffee & Tea in 2012 and formed a venture between coffeemakers DE Master Blenders and Mondelez International in July . Keurig will continue to operate as an company after the purchase . Coca-Cola - Keurig 's investors - voiced its support for the deal in a statement . Coca-Cola will take a 17.4 % stake in the company . \" We have enjoyed a partnership with Keurig Green Mountain , and will continue our collaboration with JAB in order to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the , segment of the beverage industry ,\" said Muhtar Kent , Coca-Cola 's executive . Despite the cost of a coffee pod compared to a cup of filter coffee , the popularity of the machines continues to grow . According to Euromonitor International over the three to five years , sales of serve coffee pods are expected to grow by 5 % in the US , 10 % in Canada and 8 % in Mexico . The research firm said the coffee pod business accounts for 40 % of the $ 15bn coffee market . The business is without its critics . The pods have been criticised for increasing the amount of waste in landfills In March the creator of the K-cups , John Sylvan , told The Atlantic magazine he did use the machine and acknowledged their cost and impact on the environment . \" I feel that I did it ,\" Sylvan told the magazine .", "In a bid to promote password security , Strathclyde University produced a poster saying : \" Bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes she 'd used a StR0nG _ Pas5w0Rd %.\" The image attracted criticism on media , with the university accused of \" victim blaming \" . The university said the poster had been removed and should have been made . An image of the poster was tweeted on Monday by Billy McCauley who said : \" victim blaming . Will you take it down ? \" A time , Strathclyde University tweeted : \" The posters are being removed . They should have produced and we are looking into this happened . \" A spokesman for the university said : \" The posters are in taste and have been removed from campus . The sentiment expressed is with the values of this university . \" Dozens of pictures of Hunger Games actress Lawrence were released on the internet in September . celebrities targeted in the leaks included Rihanna , Kate Upton , Selena Gomez and Kim Kardashian . It is thought the photos were taken off the stars' iCloud accounts and were shared on websites .", "The victim , named by police as Ali Nasrollahi , 22 , was found collapsed in Barnet on Tuesday afternoon . Mr Nasrollahi , who was found at the junction of Woodside Grange Road and Grangeway , was treated by paramedics for a stab wound but died after arriving at hospital . Police have launched a murder inquiry and have appealed for witnesses to come . No arrests have been made . Det Insp Julie Willats said : \" We know that the victim had driven to Woodside Grange Road with one of his friends and met up with another friend , who had driven . \" At some stage , the victim interacted with a group of up to four suspects , during that interaction we believe he was stabbed . \" The group of suspects ran off down Grangeway and into an alleyway that leads on to Woodside Avenue . \" The victim 's friend Mohamed Musalam said : \" I 'm ... I had to call 10 people to confirm because it was . \" He did deserve it , he was that sort of a person he hangs around with the crowd or anything like that . \" He was a guy , the sort of guy that comes into a group and makes everyone laugh . I am . \" Officers are carrying out a search in the area .", "Chiefs , in the Premiership , had four players included in squads for this year 's Six Nations . That compares to the seven players called up from each of leaders Wasps , second-placed Saracens and Bath 's squads . Asked if that was a surprise , Baxter replied : \" \" . \" You 've got to understand that although we 've finished the end of the season and we had guys on Saxons duty and internationals , we did start this season ,\" he told BBC Radio Devon . \" We were performing as a team or at the intensity that you need to to demand an selection . \" I think Luke Cowan-Dickie is getting , you can see the level of his performances the month or have been , and I think Henry [ Slade ] is . \" But if we want to drive our players into the setups we have to perform at a intensity and as individuals they have to perform at a intensity . \"", "Penglais Farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms , but 700 will be this month to welcome students . The university said developer Balfour Beatty confirmed the remaining 300 rooms will be during the 2015-16 year . Balfour Beatty has been asked to comment . The rooms have been let to students .", "Paw Patrol 's Skye and Marshall did appear at a Christmas lights switch on in Londonderry on Thursday night . Derry City and Strabane District Council has apologised . Broadcaster Nickelodeon said they had \" organised or authorised \" the use of the characters at the event . Nickleodeon 's Paul Hamilton said there are no PAW Patrol appearances in the UK or Ireland at present . The character 's appearance had featured on pre-event promotion . Derry City and Strabane District Council marketing officer Jacqueline Whoriskey said every effort was made to secure Skye and Marshall , and that the council was \" to disappoint people \" . She added : \" We were contacted in the day by the licensee in America to say that the company we were using did have the licences . \" We tried our to resolve it in time - it did work out - and are , \" . Strabane 's Christmas lights will be switched on on Saturday but Skye and Marshall will be . They had been to share billing with Santa Claus . Despite the PAW Patrol no show , thousands gathered in Londonderry 's Guildhall Square and Waterloo Street for Thursday night 's switch on .", "The ex-Villa player and Nottingham Forest boss , 51 , quit his role as Chris Hughton 's number two to Friday 's 1-1 draw between the two sides . \" I heard Colin was he shot to the top of the pile ,\" Villa boss Steve Bruce told the club website . \" We interviewed two or three people but once I knew Colin was there was one person I wanted . \" The move to the West Midlands gives Calderwood , who managed Hibernian and Northampton Town , a commuting distance from his Northampton home . Media playback is supported on this device A Brighton statement released on Friday said Calderwood , who was placed on gardening leave on 12 November , had left the club for a job \" \" . \" We have to move ,\" added Hughton . \" We have a team that is drilled at this moment . My concern is that we have no disruption . I will think and about bringing someone in that position . \" Bruce took over as Villa boss on 12 October , bringing in Birmingham City player Stephen Clemence as head coach , having had him as part of his backroom team at Sunderland and Hull City . The club named Ian Atkins as their scout / head of recruitment . Villa director of football Steve Round added : \" We are to secure the services of Colin . He is an coach and an person . \" He has a wealth of experience at the level and will be a addition to our management team . \" Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Media playback is supported on this device The team finished but the handover between Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili , 18 , was completed in time . Gemili said : \" I went or . It 's as we could have been in contention in the final . \" \" It looked like Gemili went a bit . There could have been a situation Adam was up and by this crowd , this moment and this opportunity that he was running a bit than the mark was made for . \" Favourites Jamaica rested Usain Bolt but won heat one , while , in the , the United States recorded the qualification time . Britain , who won this event at the 2004 Games in Athens , were disqualified in Beijing four years and have made a mess of baton changes in five of the six major championships . Talbot said : \" I do know what happened . I could catch Adam . I 'm and it 's . \" Christian Malcolm , who ran the leg for Britain , described the outcome as \" \" . He added : \" It 's one of those things that happens but it 's a performance to run the time we did . Daniel has come at the moment . This is a stadium and it can be . \"", "A man , who was a seat car passenger , is in a but condition in hospital following the B9080 crash at 22:15 on Wednesday . The injured passenger suffered stomach and abdomen injuries . The Vauxhall Zafira was travelling it crashed with a bus between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The driver of the car , a man , suffered injuries and a fractured ankle . The seat passenger , a man , had injuries to his face and leg . All were admitted to hospital . Three of the bus passengers were treated in hospital for injuries . They have been discharged . Police said the driver and six passengers on the bus were treated at the scene . The bus had 26 people on board . A First Bluebird spokeswoman : \" We can confirm that one of our Service 38 vehicles was involved in a collision yesterday at around 22:15 between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The bus was travelling to Falkirk from Edinburgh . \" the incident resulted in a number of injuries and our thoughts are with the injured at this time . \" We have launched an investigation to establish what happened and are assisting Police Scotland with their inquiries . \"", "Mohammed Anwar , from Thornliebank , was trapped underneath the forklift it appeared to hit a kerb , causing it to crash . The incident happened at 10:30 on Friday as Mr Anwar was driving along Glenburn Road in East Kilbride . Emergency services attended but he died at the scene . There were no vehicles involved . Police Scotland said there were people around at the time of the crash and officers are appealing to people who were in the area at the time to contact them .", "Adams will make her debut in Manchester on Saturday she fights Argentina 's Virginia Carcamo . \" Virgil has a lot of knowledge and one thing I like about him is he knows to take an Olympic champion and turn them into a pro ,\" said Adams , 34 . \" He did it with Andre [ Ward ] and he 's of doing the with me . \" American Ward , 33 , has gone from winning gold at the 2004 Olympics to becoming a world champion and being in 31 fights . Adams has been training alongside the likes of IBF , WBA and WBO light-heavyweight champion Ward as she prepares for her fight , and says doing \" has left me a bit in awe , to be \" . She added : \" Like every fighter , my goal is to headline a show in Las Vegas and with the way the sport is building at the moment I see no reason I ca get . \" boxers like Claressa Shields and Katie Taylor have been putting women 's boxing on the map and that I 've joined them it can raise the bar . \"", "Media playback is on your device 26 October 2014 updated at 00:31 BST She released her album Malagasy Blues Song in 2013 , but she has a career behind her . She comes from a family of 15 children , and in this performance for the BBC 's Africa Beats series , she is supported by her brothers , Pata and Dozzy Njava , and her cousin Christian Ravalison , all of whom are musicians in Belgium , they live . Lala Njava is concerned by the issues her land faces , deforestation , and is donating a portion of the revenues from her CD sales to a tree planting project . from Africa Beats", "The team at King 's College London say smokers are to develop the disorder and at a age . Published in the Lancet Psychiatry , their analysis of 61 studies suggests nicotine in cigarette smoke may be altering the brain . Experts said it was a \" case \" but needed research . Smoking has been associated with psychosis , but it has been believed that schizophrenia patients are to smoke because they use cigarettes as a form of self-medication to ease the distress of hearing voices or having hallucinations . The team at King 's looked at data involving 14,555 smokers and 273,162 non-smokers . It indicated : The argument is that if there is a rate of smoking before schizophrenia is diagnosed , smoking is a case of self-medication . Dr James MacCabe , from the Institute of Psychiatry , Psychology and Neuroscience at King 's , said : \" It 's to establish causation [ with this style of study ] , what we 're hoping that this does is open our eyes to the possibility that tobacco could be a agent in psychosis , and we hope this will lead to research and trials that would help to provide evidence . \" smokers do develop schizophrenia , but the researchers believe it is increasing the risk . The incidence of the condition is one in every 100 people , which may be increased to two per 100 by smoking . The researchers said nicotine altered levels of the brain chemical dopamine , which has been implicated in the psychosis . Prof Michael Owen , the director of the Institute of Psychological Medicine at Cardiff University , said the researchers had made a \" case \" that smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia . \" The fact is that it is to prove causation without a trial , but there are plenty of reasons for targeting health measures at the . \" The charity Rethink Mental Illness said : \" We know that 42 % of all cigarettes smoked in England are by people with health problems , and any findings about the link between smoking and psychosis is a worry . \" , studies are needed to understand this link . \"", "Two crews and a hovercraft from Weston-super-Mare were called after midnight to rescue two adults and the children from Uphill beach . The police and ambulance service attended , the fire service said . Avon Fire and Rescue have warned people to park or walk on the beach in the dark due to the fast-rising tides .", "Lewis , 19 , signed a contract with the English Premier League club on Friday , having played three FA Cup games for them season . Manager Ray McKinnon has given a contract to Deniz Mehmet following his departure from Port Vale . midfielder Sam Stanton has made the move to United on a loan deal . The arrivals come with Cammy Bell , season 's goalkeeper , leaving Tannadice to return to Kilmarnock . Bell , 30 , is believed to be on a move to the Scottish Premiership club . McKinnon said of Lewis : \" I expect him to challenge for the position . \" Harry comes as one of the goalkeeping prospects in English football . \" It says about his ambition and desire that he has chosen to come up to Scotland to get involvement . \" It is a coup for us to bring him to Tannadice and I am we will hear about him during his career . \" Lewis , who has represented England at youth level , joined Southampton from hometown club Shrewsbury Town in 2015 , hopes to challenge for starts with the Scottish Championship club . \" I am at the prospect of being involved in football ,\" he told United 's website . \" I believe I am joining a winning team that will be at the top of the league and want to play my part in helping the club secure the title . \" Stanton becomes United 's summer signing and their of the week . The Mehmet returns to football after having played with Falkirk before joining Port Vale in January . midfielder Jordie Briels signed on a contract after the 25-year-old left Fortuna Sittard in his homeland .", "Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board ( BCUHB ) gave \u00a3 20,000 towards the Lap of Wales Challenge . But the Wales Audit Office found the board breached its rules and regulations in handling the funding . Board officials said they would learn from the experience after auditors highlighted a lack of transparency and conflicts of interest . Auditors found the health board failed to follow procurement rules appointing suppliers for the event . The Lap of Wales Challenge was organised by Cerddwn Ymlaen under the leadership of its organiser Eryl Vaughan and was fronted by the opera singer Rhys Meirion . The event cost than \u00a3 150,000 to arrange and the surplus was \u00a3 1,368 . The challenge saw a number of celebrities undertaking a journey through Wales in July 2015 to raise awareness of the Welsh Government 's changes to the organ donation law . It was arranged in aid of Cronfa Elen . The fund was set up by Mr Meirion in memory of his sister who died in 2012 , and was incorporated within BCUHB 's charity , Awyr Las / Blue Sky in 2014 . The health board awarded \u00a3 20,000 towards the event , with another \u00a3 20,000 coming from Cardiff and Vale Health Board and \u00a3 45,000 from the Welsh Government . The report found \u00a3 10,000 of BCUHB 's contribution was awarded as a loan , but the paperwork was processed by the health board 's team . Despite that , the funds were transferred . Cerddwn Ymlaen said it was it received a loan than a grant and would have agreed to it , had it known . To ensure the Lap of Wales project was in deficit , Cerddwn Ymlaen undertook fundraising to meet the \u00a3 154,054 cost of completing the challenge . Concerns were raised about a breach of the health board 's regulations in relation to the challenge . A spokesperson for BCUHB said : \" The health board was to learn from this experience which is it asked the Wales Audit Office to carry out this review , as we recognise that to achieve the objectives of the charity , it is to work with bodies . \" arrangements are underpinned by trust , objectives and cooperation but misunderstandings can occur . \" Officials added a joint-working protocol would provide a governance framework for projects and require all arrangements to be formalised .", "The incident happened on Morningside Road , near to Jordan Lane , at 11:45 on Sunday . A diversion was put in place at Comiston Road and Churchill Place , following the incident . Police Scotland have appealed to anyone who may have seen the woman , or the bin lorry , before the incident occurred . Sgt Andrew Miller , of the road policing unit , said : \" The woman was walking with a wheeled walking aid , to a zimmer frame , and we 're anyone who might have seen her will come with information . \"", "The John Deere tractor was pulled over by officers in the village of Ripley and had two males on board . The vehicle had been seen in Harrogate at 05:00 GMT with no headlights on . Police said the driver had no licence , was insured and did have permission from the tractor 's owner . The vehicle was seized , with the three to be interviewed by officers . Posting on Twitter , Insp Chris Galley said : \" A end to a night shift . lad driving a tractor as a taxi for his drunk mates . \"", "Anh Nhu Nguyen , 52 , of Beckenham , south-east London , is accused of defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council by posing as a victim of the fire for two weeks . He pleaded to both counts at Southwark Crown Court on Friday . He was remanded in custody and his trial is to take place in December . Westminster Magistrates' Court heard month that Mr Nguyen claimed he lived in the North Kensington block , and that his wife and son had died in the blaze . The court heard he was given a hotel room , clothing , food , items and cash after he went to the Westway Sports Centre , he claimed to have lost all his possessions , The centre had been set up as one of the points for the relief effort . The tower block fire on 14 June killed 80 people and made hundreds .", "Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords , in the Surrey greenbelt , in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales . He told Mr Justice Dove at London 's High Court that his \" home \" had been \" dismantled \" . \" , it will be rebuilt on another site with planning permission ,\" he said . At a hearing , Mr Fidler , 66 , had been told to tear down his home by 6 June or face jail . On Monday , Stephen Whale , counsel for Reigate and Banstead Borough Council , told the judge that Mr Fidler had made \" progress in terms of complying with the requirements of the enforcement notices \" , but that he had \" complied with the requirements \" . The house had been \" \" demolished , he said , but there was \" to be done \" , including restoring the land to its use . He said the \" position \" was that Mr Fidler remained in contempt of court , but the parties had agreed for the matter to be adjourned for a month to give him \" an opportunity to comply \" . Representing himself , Mr Fidler insisted : \" I broke no law . I was looking after my family . I acted in faith . I am a law-abiding citizen . \" He described the four bedroom castle as a \" work of art built \" , but said he would \" comply \" with the council enforcement notices . Mr Justice Dove adjourned the case until 4 July , but said he hoped it would be for it to return to court . Mr Fidler told him : \" I assure you we will have to come . \" At the end of the hearing , he said to the judge : \" I rebuild my house , I want you to come and see it . \"", "The \u00a3 570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began in March 2012 . The trams started running at 06:00 BST . Despite facing criticism for causing disruption to businesses and commuters , Nottingham City Council insists the service will transform the economy . Delays were blamed on numbers of pipes and cables having to be moved , and on work to replace part of the track bed . \u00a3 570m budget 28 stations 11 miles of track 22 trams 20 million passenger capacity Contractor Vinci has reported the problems contributed to a \u00a3 165m loss for its engineering division . Jane Urquhart , who has lead responsibility for operation company NET at Nottingham City Council , said it was a \" day \" for the city . \" With trams running from every seven minutes , it is all set to provide access to locations across the city ,\" she said . \" The tram provides the backbone to the city 's integrated transport network , underpinning all the efforts to reduce congestion , improve the environment and make Nottingham an place to live , work or visit . \" NET and the city council had resisted calls to name a date for the lines opening but testing had been ongoing in weeks . Steve Barber , vice president of the Light Rail Transit Association and Broxtowe borough councillor said : \" We are , as , I think , are a lot of people in Beeston . \" It has been a ride over the years while construction has been at its ... and it is going to do wonders for the town and the city . \" Stephen Knight , a butcher in Clifton , said : \" We are . It has caused disruption , trade dropped by a but the workers have helped . \" we will see if the public come - but there are a lot of parking restrictions . \" Lisa Withers , a florist , said : \" I was to have been on the tram from Clifton - and seeing the one from Toton arrive has been . \" It is a day for the city and I think we will see some regeneration and the tram driving Nottingham for people who live and who work and people who want to visit . \"", "Builders working on the BBC programme were targeted while helping with the project in West Bromwich . Show bosses said three vans have been hit in the week . Volunteers are transforming the family home of a mother who died from cancer . Presenter Nick Knowles tweeted on Wednesday to say he was \" \" by the thefts . The programme is extending the home of Sandra Chambers , who has looked after her two grandchildren since the death of their mother Crystal in October 2015 . See stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country Show bosses said two vans - a Peugeot and a Ford - were broken into on Wednesday morning and tools taken . On Thursday a Mercedes Sprinter was broken into , but nothing was stolen . The thefts have been reported to West Midlands Police . End of Twitter post by @ MrNickKnowles Mr Knowles' tweet prompted a Peugeot dealership to get in touch and he thanked them for their help , as another person who gave \u00c2 \u00a3 30 to cover repairs . The project to extend the house is being completed by the DIY SOS team and an army of volunteers , including tradespeople and neighbours , in a build .", "The oil firm said revenues in the year fell 27 % to \u00a3 1.6bn as the price of oil continued to fall in 2015 . It is the year in a row the oil company has reported a loss . In 2014 , it reported a loss of \u00a3 2bn . Tullow warned there was a risk it could fail to comply with its covenants this year . covenants are agreements that companies make with their lenders to maintain a position . Oil prices have slumped by 70 % since the middle of 2014 , with of the oil majors cutting back investment on exploration and production . That has led to the loss of than 5,000 jobs in the North Sea oil industry . Tullow said it could cut capital expenditure to as $ 300m in 2017 , from $ 1.1bn planned for 2016 , if market conditions did improve . The firm said it had reduced headcount of 37 % and was on track to deliver cash savings of $ 500m over three years . It said it would pay no dividend in 2015 . Tullow Oil executive Aidan Heavey said : \" Our challenge in 2016 is to be in responding to the uncertainties that remain in the sector . \" He added : \" . As we look , we have a portfolio of world class , cost oil assets which will produce around 100,000 barrels per day in 2017 and a position in one of the world 's , cost , oil provinces in East Africa , both enabling us to create value . \"", "John Johnston , 27 , admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the alcohol limit . He was spotted by a CCTV operator committing the offence and stopped by police in Buccleuch Street . At Dumfries Sheriff Court he was ordered to carry out 100 hours of work and given the driving ban . Johnston , who had moved from Belfast to Dumfries , committed the offence in September this year . He had been staying in accommodation in the town and took the roller from Brooms Road . He drove it across town in a bid to get from a night out drinking with a friend . \" I was trying to find my way ,\" he told the court at an appearance .", "Lagavulin is launching a cask edition of 522 bottles of its malt to raise funds for projects . Sales of the \u00a3 1,494 bottles are set to see \u00a3 310,000 donated to Islay Heritage to help build a story of the island 's past based on its sites . The Finlaggan Trust , which maintains the home of the Lord of the Isles , should receive \u00a3 60,000 . The Lagavulin 200 Legacy is set to make contributions to the swimming pool , cyber cafe and arts and festival organisations , as a partnership with the RSPB to restore and conserve peatlands on the island . Nick Morgan , of Lagavulin 's owners Diageo , said : \" We have had a year celebrating the anniversary of Lagavulin , both on Islay and with the hundreds of thousands of people around the world who adore the whisky . \" Islay and its community are at the heart of Lagavulin . \" That 's we were determined there should be a legacy from the anniversary which would benefit the island and its people . \" We believe that our contribution to Islay Heritage is of significance to the island itself but is an contribution to conserving and promoting the history and heritage of Scotland . \" Bottles of the Lagavulin 1991 Single Malt Scotch Whisky cask can be purchased through an ballot on The Whisky Exchange . The bottle will be auctioned to raise funds , and one bottle will be donated to the Diageo Archive and the Whisky Exchange . Steven Mithen , trustee of Islay Heritage and professor of archaeology , said : \" Islay Heritage is to the Lagavulin 200 Legacy for the support it is providing to our knowledge about the sites and monuments on Islay . \" This investment in our heritage will benefit both the community and visitors to the island . \" While some of Islay 's sites and monuments are known and , others are , to find and visited . \" There are no doubt waiting to be discovered which will help tell us about Islay 's story but that of Scotland , Europe and the path of culture as a whole . \" We are that Lagavulin shares our vision to reveal Islay 's past so that it can be explored and enjoyed by everyone . \"", "The United Airlines flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22 but declared a emergency a time . It comes a day after the aircraft diverted to Edinburgh from London Heathrow with a fuel leak problem . There were no passengers on the plane . Edinburgh Airport officials said there had been no impact on operations . The plane landed at Edinburgh at 15:30 , after circling the airport for 10 minutes . An United Airlines spokesman said : \" United Airlines flight UA2081 from Edinburgh to Chicago today ( July 13 , 2016 ) , which was being repositioned and was carrying any customers , returned to Edinburgh Airport after take-off because of a issue . \"", "The 14-year-old from Blackpool disappeared on 1 November 2003 . Her body has been found . Karen Downes said she is taking action over a gap in releasing CCTV images of the teenager 's day . Lancashire Police has declined to comment . She said the footage that detectives released in 2016 , 13 years after she went , could have helped solve the case had it been . \" They had [ the CCTV ] for 13 years ,\" said Mrs Downes . \" It shows Charlene in the town that afternoon in the clothes she disappeared in . \" If they 'd have shown it ... who knows ? \" We have suffered all these years knowing she is . \" She said police \" need teaching a lesson \" . \" It is about the money . I want to force the police to do their job ,\" she said . \" If I got money I would get something for Charlene like a memorial . \" Charlene is shown in the CCTV with her sister Rebecca on Bank Hey Street walking towards the Coral Island amusement arcade . She went but returned to Blackpool town centre that evening - the time she was seen . A judge cleared a man of Charlene 's murder in 2008 after \" doubts \" were raised about evidence during his trial . The jury in his trial failed to reach a verdict . In 2009 , the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said police evidence-gathering errors contributed to the retrial 's collapse . The IPCC found and failure in the management of the material and officers were disciplined , one forced to resign in 2011 . But this resignation order was overturned by a 2012 Police Arbitration Tribunal .", "The police say Mr Bach is being treated as a witness , a suspect . Officers have found emails from Mr Bach to another IOC official Patrick Hickey , who was arrested month and is facing charges . Mr Hickey , ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee , denies all allegations . Police investigators in Rio told the BBC 's Wyre Davies they would like to know what Mr Bach 's influence was over Olympic ticketing policy . They said the IOC president received requests for hundreds of tickets , for the Olympics opening ceremony , the 100m final and the football final from Mr Hickey . Police say that Mr Hickey received 296 tickets after his written request to the IOC president . They have , , made any contact with the president 's office to request a interview . Mr Hickey was arrested during the Olympic games and spent time at the Bangu security jail along with Irishman Kevin Mallon . He was released on bail at the end of August but had to return his passport to the authorities and was ordered to leave the country . A prosecutor laid charges against him on Tuesday . A judge will decide whether to accept or reject the charges . Mr Hickey , 71 , has stood as president of the Olympic Council of Ireland and European Olympic Committees' president during the investigation . Mr Mallon is the director of THG Sports , a and sports hospitality company . Mr Bach cancelled a appearance in Rio this week at the opening of the Paralympic Games , for reasons . Mr Bach has returned to Rio since the Olympics and missed the ceremony of the Paralympics at the Maracana on Wednesday . He said would remain in Germany for the funeral of his friend Walter Scheel , the minister and deputy chancellor , who died month aged 97 . IOC officials said Mr Bach would travel to Brazil after the funeral because he was to reschedule commitments . The Paralympics run until 18 September . The time an IOC president failed to attend a Paralympics was in 2010 , Jacques Rogge missed the whole of the Winter Games in Vancouver .", "The member of the family , a marmoset called Gomez , was found by police on Monday , having been abandoned on a vets' doorstep . A female and a baby were retrieved on Sunday , and are at Symbio Wildlife Park , south of Sydney . Two men have pleaded to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime . Brothers Jesse and Jackson George are believed to have snatched the monkeys from their enclosure , but they were charged with trying to profit from the theft . Pygmy marmosets - the world 's monkey species - command up to A $ 5,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 , $ 3,700 ) on the market . Police found the men after a tip-off from the public . A appeal for information had been launched by the zoo , amid fears that the baby marmoset would die within 48 hours if to feed from its mother . The four-week-old was found the Georges' car was pulled over at Appin , southwest of Sydney . The marmoset was found 20km ( 12 miles ) in the Campbelltown area . newspaper The Daily Telegraph said the brothers had exchanged pictures with a person via phone , along with messages about a monkey could sell for . \" Ay , check out my monkey ,\" wrote the person , according to court documents . \" That 's bro . Wanna sell it bruh ? \" Jackson George replied . The baby marmoset is and , said Symbio Wildlife Park , after they reunited it with its mother . \" Mum cradled the baby into her arms and bub began to feed ,\" the zoo wrote in a statement on Facebook . Police say they are continuing their investigation into the theft . The zoo said the marmoset enclosure is closed \" to give the family privacy \" .", "That 's according to a report by a group of MPs . Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee said recruiters should try websites like Mumsnet to help increase the proportion of spies . It wants of them working in places like MI5 , MI6 and communications spy centre GCHQ . The report says women in the intelligence services are being held by a layer of male , managers labelled \" the permafrost \" who have a \" mentality and outlook \" . Mumsnet executive Justine Roberts responded to the call for recruiters to use things like her website but we 're thinking she was being . \" I 'm I 'm to comment as I have an appointment with a rock in St. James 's Park . \" While the report showed 37 % of staff at MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ are women , it pointed out they make up than one in five staff . , things have been changing in years . Stella Rimington became the boss of MI5 in 1992 . That was three years before actress Judi Dench took over as James Bond 's boss , M , in the film franchise . In response to the report the government said : \" We are to ensuring the people succeed and reach positions , of gender , ethnicity , sexuality or disability . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad , the Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community ( AMC ) , said his \" sympathies \" were with the victims . He was speaking at a Peace Symposium held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque in Morden , south London on Saturday . Five people died and 50 were hurt outside Parliament , Wednesday . In a message Prime Minister Theresa May praised the conference , which she called \" an reminder of your community 's commitment to promoting peace \" . MPs Paul Scully and Siobhan McDonagh were among the hundreds who attended the event at the UK 's mosque . The caliph described the attack in London a \" atrocity \" . \" what terrorists may claim , under no circumstances are acts , or killings justified ,\" he said . He added that Muslims and non-Muslims \" must stand up against all forms of oppression , hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace in the world . \" Three people were killed in Wednesday 's attack Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge , before stabbing to death PC Keith Palmer . Masood was shot by police .", "The 31-year-old had revealed she was expecting her child during a concert in May . A statement on her Twitter account on Monday said : \" Charlotte and Jonny are to announce that they lost their baby . is a time for grieving and being as a family . \" We ask everyone to respect that peace . \" The star and her partner , musician Jonny Powell , have been for seven years . She is a mother to Ruby and Dexter , eight , from her relationship with Gavin Henson .", "Guy Tomlinson , 37 , was being chased by officers his car hit a tipper truck in Leicester on 9 March 2016 . David Anger and Christopher Needham , who were both passengers in the car , died in the crash on Fosse Road South . In addition to the prison term , Tomlinson was given a driving ban at Leicester Crown Court . The collision was described as \" \" by Leicestershire police . on this story and news in Leicestershire Tomlinson pleaded to two counts of causing death by driving , two counts of causing death by driving while and two counts of causing death by driving while . Two people in the lorry suffered injuries during the crash and damage was caused to a shop on the corner of Upperton Road . Det Sgt Mark Watling said : \" This was a collision which resulted in the death of two men . \" to the collision Tomlinson was travelling at speeds in excess of 64mph ( 102kmph ) and failed to stop for a police officer on Narborough Road South . \" He took a risk that night he disregarded the traffic lights and used speed , he will be facing a amount of time in prison . \" The Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating the crash .", "Jocelyn McKay is 81 and said she feels \" released \" from the feelings that gripped her for . \" I may be , but at I am ,\" she told BBC News NI . \" I had lived until I got the operation . \" For years I felt I was in the body and it was until I was 69 that I plucked up the courage to ask for help . \" It was after a trip to Manchester with some friends , during which Ms McKay lived as a woman , that she realised the surgery was something she needed . \" I was a cross-dresser , I went dressed as a man and I came dressed as a man , but in between times I was a woman ,\" she said . But cross-dressing was for her . Ms McKay returned from her trip , she visited her GP , who referred her to a specialist . She said : \" I had been going to the doctor for a range of ailments and he said to me : ' Thank God you 've told me what 's . '\" Every week three or four people present themselves as transgender to the Regional Gender Identity and Psychosexual Service at Knockbracken in Belfast . They make contact with the clinic through a GP referral or a drop-in facility every week . 200 people are being treated by the clinic with 50 on the waiting list . than half of them are aged between 18 and 25 . The number of adults going to the clinic is doubling year on year . The clinic provides adults with assessment , support and referral for hormone replacement therapy and surgery . A identity panel to look at the issues facing people met for the time at Stormont on Monday . It was formed by the peer support group Focus - The Identity Trust . It comprises politicians from Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in and the Alliance party , as a minister , the Reverend Lesley Carroll , and others with a long-standing interest in rights . The Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in minister Megan Fearon said the gathering was about \" bringing marginalised people , giving them space to discuss issues and engaging with politicians in a way that had been done \" . \" people experience discrimination in every walk of life ,\" she said . The panel will address hate crime and access to health and education .", "The world was found beyond our Solar System , 100 light-years . It 's been named 51 Eridani b and is 20 million years - by standards . The world could give us information about the formation of our Solar System . The find was made by the Gemini Planet Imager ( GPI ) , which looks for planets orbiting stars . Our Jupiter is the planet in the system - it 's you could fit over 1,300 Earths inside it ! It 's the rotating planet , with 1 day lasting 10 hours - but a year on Jupiter lasts for 12 Earth years . Jupiter does have a surface and is made up of gas , giving it the name ' gas giant ' . The baby Jupiter has the methane gas signature found on an planet . The astronomers detected water using the GPI 's spectrometer instrument . Scientists hope that by studying worlds , they can learn about the structure of our Solar System is . Astronomers believe the gas giants in our Solar System formed - by building up a core over a million years and pulling a amount of hydrogen and gases to form an atmosphere . This is known as a \" \" . But the planets that have been discovered are than scientists have predicted . Which could mean they formed - as gas collapses to make a planet in what is known as a ' hot-start ' .", "Kitchens , toilets and washing facilities haven been installed at Tredegar Park with the demonstration expected on Saturday , five days before the summit . than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the event at Newport 's Celtic Manor Resort . Police have taken over Rodney Parade sports ground to manage policing . Security for the summit will be provided by 9,500 police officers drawn from 43 UK police forces with 12 miles ( 20km ) of security fencing in place at keys sites in Cardiff and in Newport . But the million dollar question is campaigners will descend on Newport , according to Eddie Clarke , of the No Nato Newport group . He is one of a core of 100 volunteers from campaign groups as the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament ( CND ) , who have set up the campsite in anticipation of their supporters needing somewhere to pitch tents while staying in Newport to protest their cause in front of world leaders and media . Groups like Stop the War have organised coaches with peace campaigners being driven from London , Birmingham , Norwich and Newcastle . They expect campaigners to come from with a Counter Summit on Sunday including speakers representing peace movements in the US and Russia in their bid to \" end the drive to war and spending \" . Newport council said it had been given assurances the camp will be a \" encampment \" and will interfere with the park 's activities . A spokesperson said : \" Newport City Council is continuing to work with partner agencies to monitor the situation and minimise the impact of such a camp . \" Gwent Police have taken over Rodney Parade sports ground to help manage the security operation described as \" territory \" by the office in charge . A police spokesperson told the South Wales Argus it was one of a number of venues being used for activities , including booking officers on and off duty , briefings , and canteen facilities . The Nato security operation budget would pick up the bill for hiring the facility which is the home of the Newport Gwent Dragons , Newport County FC and Newport RFC , the spokesperson added .", "The Duchess of Cambridge 's sister took court action against a \" person or persons \" after her account was said to have been hacked . The Sun reported it was offered the images , which included shots of Prince George and Princess Charlotte . A man was arrested on suspicion of an offence under the Computer Misuse Act and bailed . The allegations emerged after pictures were said to have been offered to the newspaper via messaging service WhatsApp . The Sun said it had been approached by someone using a pseudonym and asking for \u00c2 \u00a3 50,000 within 48 hours . Barrister Adam Wolanski , who led Miss Middleton 's team , said she thought there had been a \" hack \" . He said it was a \" \" and \" \" act which had caused Miss Middleton \" distress \" . Police said they were investigating the allegations and a man had been released on police bail pending inquiries . He was arrested at an address in Northamptonshire on Saturday . In the summer , Miss Middleton and hedge fund manager James Matthews confirmed their engagement , with a wedding planned for year . figures have had images stolen from their iCloud accounts , including actress Jennifer Lawrence and singer Rihanna . In July , American Edward Majerczyk pleaded to running a campaign to steal pictures and videos from film and TV stars , in what was known as the \" celebgate \" affair .", "flanker Sam Underhill has been ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury . McCusker made 133 appearances for Scarlets before moving to London Irish season , he played 17 games . The 30-year-old has won 10 caps and joins Ospreys having signed for Welsh Premiership club Carmarthen Quins following his release from Irish . \" With Sam 's injury and one or two others working their way to fitness who are , we felt that we needed someone to help us through this period ,\" said Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy . \" We are to have someone with Rob 's versatility and experience and have brought him into the environment with a view to him helping us prepare for Zebre at home in the round of the Pro12 month . \"", "The convoy was heading through Paris on its way to Le Bourget airport on Sunday evening it was raided , reports say . The gunmen seized a vehicle carrying the money and documents , releasing the driver and two others . The convoy was said to have come from the embassy . No-one was hurt . The gunmen , armed with Kalashnikov rifles , targeted a Mercedes mini-van at 21:15 ( 19:15 GMT ) on the ring road , or peripherique , at Porte de la Chapelle , on the edge of Paris . The motorcade , belonging to a prince , was ambushed by eight people in two vehicles who pointed their guns at the driver of the Mercedes , forcing him to stop , media reported . The men drove the vehicle with the driver and the two Saudis . No shots were fired but the Saudis were freed . \" In the vehicle there was 250,000 euros in cash and documents from the embassy ,\" police union spokesman Rocco Contento told BFM TV news . According to Contento , the operation lasted a seconds , something that pointed to \" a and commando unit , who had information and accomplices \" . \" as I am concerned , it looks like it could be commandos from Europe , who we know about , who are paid to do work . \" The Mercedes was heading to Le Bourget airport with paperwork for the departing prince , who has been named , according to the prosecutor 's office . Le Bourget is used for visitors taking jets to Paris . The vehicle was found abandoned and another of the gang 's cars was found burned out .", "But they are you meet Sara Cox - English rugby union 's referee at Rio 2016 . After a absence , rugby union is on the stage sport has to offer , with Sevens tournaments for men and women . \" Everybody knows the Olympics is a sporting event , what sport you 're involved in ,\" said Cox , during a break between matches at the European Sevens series event at Sandy Park , the home of Exeter Chiefs . \" To have the chance to go and to have the seat in the house is a opportunity . \" A player , the Cox turned to refereeing in 2007 after being injured , and nine years has become the woman to be centrally-contracted as a match official by the Rugby Football Union . as taking charge of women 's matches , Cox referees men 's games at level in National Two South . \" Rugby is a game of respect , and it does matter who you are , you go on the pitch and you 're to do a job . I do see myself any to my counterparts ,\" she replied , asked the ' woman in a man 's world ' question . \" Over the years I 've been a bit of an unknown - there 's of us that are at the moment , and climbing through the ranks we become and . \" You 're on the pitch to facilitate the game and the players do mind that , it does matter that I 'm a female . \" you ask an athlete what their goals are , the answer is - , get on the podium , a gold medal - but what about a referee ? \" My goal is to go as , so if that means I referee the gold medal final , ,\" she said . \" It 's for us compared to the athletes . We do come with a medal , but to be involved in that medal race with the teams is what you aim to do . \" I want to go , enjoy the experience and gather experience as - and whatever comes after that comes after that . \" There has been a woman referee in charge of a Premiership rugby match . If Cox impresses in Rio , who is to say she will be rubbing shoulders with the likes of Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle in years to come ? For the rugby union news follow @ bbcrugbyunion on Twitter .", "Emergency numbers were and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links between the mainland for five hours . NHS Shetland had advised anyone needing attention to make their way to the hospital in Lerwick . Flights were delayed and cancelled at Sumburgh Airport . Services were restored before 17:00 . BT said the problems were caused by \" blown rectifiers and fuses \" at the Wideford Hill radio transmitter on Orkney . A spokesman said 2,600 telephone customers and 388 customers had been affected . A total of eleven flights were cancelled at Sumburgh and one was diverted to Kirkwall . Highlands and Islands Airports Limited advised passengers to contact their airlines for information . Shetland MSP Tavish Scott has called for an \" investigation \" into radio communications and telephone links failed .", "The school 's headmaster said the \" growing expense and luxury \" forced on parents was a concern . Beaulieu Convent School in Jersey referred to \" worries about alcohol and drug consumption \" at the end of Year 11 event for pupils aged 15-16 . A pupil said the prom was an milestone and accused the school of overreacting . Chris Beirne , headmaster , said the \" focus and distraction \" caused by the prom \" does fit into the ethos of our school \" . Writing to parents Mr Beirne cited a letter from an colleague who was convinced the preparations and the event were \" , or experiences \" . The colleague wrote : \" The strain and the competition associated with this is another , and , aspect for parents . \" The letter from the colleague referred to \" alcohol and drug consumption at after-parties \" as \" a concern \" . It said the strain of trying \" to be , , have skin \" led to \" pressure \" . Mr Beirne said he could \" manage the risk \" associated with the event . The school said it would continue to offer Year 13 leavers a mass with their families followed by a drinks reception at the school . The \u00c2 \u00a3 5,400-a-year convent has around 760 students 4-18 . pupil Hannah Hosegood , 20 , said her prom was \" a taste of maturity \" and the school should tackle pupils if they had concerns about drugs or alcohol . She said : \" It 's knowing those girls wo be to experience an event you spend a amount of time looking to and remember for the rest of your life . \"", "Professional Darts Corporation executive Porter landed the role with the O 's under Barry Hearn in 2006 . The 37-year-old left the National League side in October 2014 , following Francesco Becchetti 's takeover . \" This is a time for us to look to the future and there 's a buzz around the place ,\" he told the club website . \" Everyone knows things have been and that cloud has been lifted . \"", "\" I was 100 % ,\" she said at an event with Justice Antonin Scalia . She said she \" could resist the wine \" at the dinner which brings some of the court 's justices before the speech . At 81 , Justice Ginsburg is the serving judge on the Supreme Court . She was asked about the incident by the moderator at an event at George Washington University on Thursday evening . Justice Ginsburg was pictured slumbering in her chair as President Barack Obama addressed the session of Congress in the House of Representatives on 20 January . \" The audience for the part is , but they 're bobbing up and down all the time . And we sit as , judges . But we 're . \" At I was 100 % we went to the State of the Union ,\" she said , provoking audience laughter . Justice Ginsburg said she had vowed to stick to sparkling water after dozing at the speech in years , but was to resist the lure of a \" California wine \" brought by Justice Anthony Kennedy . \" In the end , the dinner was it needed wine ,\" she said . \" Well , that 's the thing you 've done ,\" quipped Justice Scalia . Justice David Souter used to give her a pinch he spotted the warning signs in years gone by , Justice Ginsburg said , but the judges beside her this time were \" \" .", "Police said officers from the North West counter terrorism unit searched an address on Peakdale Avenue , Crumpsall , Manchester on Friday . The suspect , 26 , was arrested the following day on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act . Police would comment on the nature of the alleged offence but said it believed it caused \" no threat \" to the community .", "Derbyshire Police said the taxi driver might have \" \" information . A girl from Evesham has been charged with an attempted kidnap of a child in Normanton on 21 September . Police say the driver may have picked up two girls in Derby on the day of the attempted kidnap . The two girls are both described as and age 17 . One girl had shoulder length blonde or hair and was wearing a blouse , a cream coat , trousers and shoes . The girl had or hair and is believed to be seven months . The taxi driver or anyone with information about the case is asked to contact police .", "Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his victim in Argyle Street before raping her at a flat in Cessnock on 10 December 2006 . The national fled after being convicted of the attack . Zengana features in a list of nine UK suspects who are thought to be in the Netherlands . The list has been put published by the UK charity Crimestoppers and the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) . Dave Allen , from the NCA , said : \" Those who believe they can use the Netherlands to evade capture or continue activities find out that it is a haven . \"", "Ben Flynn , 24 , enticed the boy to his home in Droylsden , Greater Manchester , with promises to use his Playstation and offered to pay his bus fare . Police described Flynn as a \" predator \" . At Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court Flynn , of Kings Walk , admitted 13 sex offences including two counts of rape and two assaults . He pleaded to three counts of causing a child to engage in activity and two counts of causing a child to watch a act . Flynn admitted a breach of sex offence prevention order and one count of meeting a child following grooming . He was ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life . In March year , Flynn sent his victim a friend request on Facebook despite having met or spoken to him . The boy was bombarded with messages and Flynn offered to let him play computer games at his home . they met Flynn kissed the boy and touched him before trying to take him to his bedroom but the boy refused . He pestered his victim , offered to pay his victim and went to abuse him on two occasions . The boy 's sister came across Flynn 's messages to her brother and told her mother who phoned the police . Det Con Claire Pickavance , of Greater Manchester Police , said the paedophile did \" show a shred of humanity \" to the boy . She added : \" Ben Flynn is a predator who preyed on a boy via media before arranging to meet with him so that he could satisfy his urges . \"", "The European Space Agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on Monday , along with two crewmates from Russia and America . But what will she be doing during her time in space ? The ISS gives the chance to do experiments that cannot be done on Earth , as the station offers an environment of microgravity . we run through a examples of the experiments on Samantha 's ' to do ' list ... Samantha will operate a gadget called an levitator , which can heat metals to 2,000\u00c2 \u00b0 C and cool them . This will be a chance to see what happens to metals they go from liquid to , without the effect of the Earth 's gravity . It 's hoped the results will reveal about the physics of the metals and they work . Samantha will be testing machine technology and they work in space , as this astronaut joystick . Using a joystick in space may feel in space compared to on Earth . these experiments will see being in space might affect an astronaut can control a space robot or space machinery . Another thing is that equipment may need to be attached to the astronaut so it does float . The testing will see what impact this has . Samantha will be doing lots of experiments to see being in space affects her body . For example , she will experience 16 sunrises and sunsets every day on the International Space Station and be tested to see this affects her body clock . Another subject is food and energy . Experiments to see food an astronaut would need for a mission will be carried out . Samantha will record what she eats and her energy levels over a period of time . things that will be looked at include space affects skin and astronauts get headaches .", "Nether Edge Green Party councillor , Alison Teal , was served with a notice for her involvement in protests against Sheffield City Council 's tree felling programme . Ms Teal was arrested for protesting against the tree removals . Charges against her and 13 others were dropped this year . stories from across Yorkshire Sheffield City Council maintain that the removal of street trees in the city is and . A \" protocol letter \" from the council 's department to Ms Teal warned the authority will seek a High Court injunction to stop her , and others involved in \" action \" , from taking part in protests . The council said the process would give protesters \" a chance to and consider their position \" before it begins proceedings on 12 July . Councillor Bryan Lodge , cabinet member for Environment and Street Scene , said there had been months of \" and disruption \" to tree replacement works in Sheffield by a number of protesters . \" We continue to support the right to protest , and the majority of protesters who are doing will be affected ,\" he added . \" But there is a difference between this and action which and stops works from being carried out . \" Mr Lodge said protesters had been sent a letter weeks confirming their actions were . \" Streets is about street trees , it 's about ensuring we have roads , pavements and a street scene to be of for years to come ,\" he added . \" In addition , it presents us with a opportunity to manage , increase and maintain our street tree stock over a 25 year period . \" The council said , despite the letter , works were being disrupted \" causing delays \" .", "It clears the way for the team to make their debut appearance the tournament , which will be held in Gabon from 14 January to 5 February . After the news emerged , thousands lined the streets of the capital , Bissau , to watch the squad parade by on Tuesday . Guinea-Bissau play Group A rivals and hosts Gabon in Saturday 's opener . They will face Burkina Faso and Cameroon in the group stage having achieved a qualification - one of the shocks in Nations Cup history . Yet the bonuses that had been promised them for qualifying remained , leading to the players going on strike at the weekend . It was settled after a delegation of three players went to see the country 's president , Jose Mario Vaz , news agency Lusa reported . They have all received between 10,000 and 23,000 euros in fees , Lusa added . \" In the hours of Sunday , the players received everything they had to receive ,\" a government spokesman told the agency . A charter plane , borrowed from Congo-Brazzaville , was to fly the team to Libreville on Wednesday . The colony beset by coups , eliminated champions Congo and Zambia in qualifying year . They were a shot the qualifiers began , having won four matches in Nations Cup and World Cup qualification combined since entering competition 22 years .", "At an event in Hove , the minister said all schools should be to expand and his government had supported that right . The Weald of Kent grammar school wants to open an annexe in Sevenoaks . The Department for Education ( DfE ) is considering the plans which have the backing of Kent County Council . The law forbids the opening of schools , but changes made by the coalition government in 2012 allow enlargement of existing schools . \" I support the right of all schools to expand . I think that 's and that should include schools ,\" the minister said : \" Under this government schools have been to expand and that is all to the . \" Mr Cameron was responding to a question about the the proposed satellite school in Sevenoaks . But he would be drawn on the government was to make its decision . \" As for the decision that the Department for Education has to take , they have to take that having [ looked ] at all the evidence and after having consultations and making the decision in time ,\" he added . Sevenoaks is the Kent town that does have provision . Bids made in 2013 were turned down because the DfE said they did comply with the law . But the plans put by Weald of Kent girls' school are believed to have met the criteria . If approved , the annexe could pave the way for grammars to open satellite campuses . secretary of the National Union of Teachers , Christine Blower , has called the plans for grammar school expansion \" another distraction \" .", "The disorder at HMP Erlestoke began on Saturday two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff . No-one was hurt and those involved in the incident are being investigated by police , the Ministry of Justice said . The Prison Officers' Association said the issues surrounded a lack of regime due to staffing levels . A Ministry of Justice spokesman said \" two incidents \" involving three prisoners had been \" resolved \" on Saturday . He added the prison was \" running \" and said there had been \" some damage \" . He said : \" We are that prisoners who behave in this way will be punished and can spend behind bars . \" The Prison Officers' Association ( POA ) said order was restored on Saturday but said \" both wings were destroyed and were out of commission \" . The POA spokesman added this was \" another example of a failed benchmark process brought about by and government cuts that has seen staffing levels decrease to an level \" . Relatives of inmates got in touch with the BBC saying prisoners were kept locked in their cells for three days , without food , water and no prison officers on some wings . Conservative MP , for Devizes , Claire Perry said : \" I was to hear of the disturbances at Erlestoke Prison over the days . \" These incidents are and , and I understand that these matters have been referred to the police to consider charges against the perpetrators . \"", "Media playback is supported on this device Root , a winner alongside women 's captain Charlotte Edwards , averaged 95 in cricket under Moores , who was dismissed on 9 May . \" A lot of credit for that has to go to Peter Moores ,\" said the 24-year-old . \" Over the year , he has got the out of me - along with the rest of the coaching department . \" Root was left out of the England team for the Test of the Ashes whitewash in January 2014 , but was recalled after Moores was appointed coach for the time a year . The Yorkshire right-hander has amassed 1,135 Test runs . \" I came from Australia , I realised a lot of the time I was trying to work on things I was at - and putting all my energy into that , than spending time strengthening the stuff I am at ,\" added Root \" Peter saw that - and I simplified things . \" Root , named player of the year for the men 's side after a vote of cricket media , was week appointed Test vice-captain by director of cricket Andrew Strauss . \" I was , I accepted ,\" said Root . \" I do think things will change - a bit responsibility on my part . \" If Alastair Cook wants to come up to me for ideas , I will make I have something to help him out . \" as being named as the women 's player of the year , Edwards was presented with a silver cap to mark her game as England captain against New Zealand in February . In addition to leading England to four series wins , Edwards averaged than 75 in internationals and 60 in Twenty20s .", "Victory lifted the Shrimpers up to , while Posh have won six of their 17 home league games this term . \" If you do believe you 're going to get [ to the play-offs ] you will . My belief wo stop until it 's ,\" he said . \" We 're five points off the play-offs . It 's a lot with 13 games to go . \" He continued to BBC Radio Cambridgeshire : \" I know we 've been thrashed at home , but we need to continue to support each . All I can do is apologise to the fans after the performance . \" I take the blame we lose and I 'll do it . It 's to me the team lost . What we 've got to do is stand up like men , puff our chests out , come on Saturday and produce a win . \" Two goals from Marc-Antoine Fortune set the Shrimpers on their way to victory at the ABAX Stadium , while Tom Nichols scored the goal for ninth-placed Posh . , McCann has received news regarding Gwion Edwards' knee injury , picked up in Saturday 's defeat by Walsall . \" It 'll be seven or eight weeks of seven or eight months . We feared the to be , but we got the news it 's . \" He 's been drawer this season , he 's got a attitude and he 's a cookie . \"", "Opponents fear the development on the site in Hermitage Lane , Allington , will destroy woodland and cause traffic gridlock . Developer Croudace Homes said the number of homes had been reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland of building a road . The inquiry in Maidstone is expected to last until 10 June . Barbara Woodward , from the New Allington Action Group ( NAAG ) , said : \" People are . This is our piece of land . \" We take our dogs for a walk in the woods , you can let them off their leads . If they build a road across the woods it will be . \" She added that the inquiry was the \" step \" to protect the woodland which she said had been on the site since the Century . Councillor Fran Wilson , the Lib Dem leader of the borough council , said it would be \" \" for the authority to comment at this stage . Following the inquiry a recommendation will be made to the Secretary of State who will make a decision on the planning application .", "repairs have been made to an embankment on the Farnham to Alton line after it collapsed on 13 April . A bus timetable has been in operation since engineers noticed the track at Wrecclesham , Surrey , was starting to dip after rain . The line is to reopen on 4 May. Network Rail warned of closures for stabilisation work . A term solution is expected to cost millions of pounds .", "Ben Gerring , 29 , was in the water near Mandurah , of Perth , the attack occurred on Tuesday afternoon . Western Australia Police said Mr Gerring 's injuries were to overcome and he died on Friday night . On Thursday , a 4.2m ( 14ft ) shark was captured near Mandurah , but it is if this shark was to blame for the attack . \" He was out the back looking to get a wave , one of the set waves that had been coming through during the day ,\" Brian Williams , president of the Mandurah Boardriders Club and friend of the victim , told ABC on Tuesday . \" He 'd paddled out the back , past the pack . And thing all hell broke and they were trying to bring him in . \" His board was broken in half , they found the tail part of his board ,\" Mr Williams said . Surf Lifesaving Western Australia had issued a warning before the attack , after an species of shark was seen in the area .", "It happened at the Moelfre Lifeboat day at 16:10 BST on Saturday , with two RNLI vessels rescuing him . He was taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd , Bangor , by a UK Coastguard helicopter , with his condition . North Wales Police is investigating the incident and has appealed for witnesses . Organisers had warned about safety in the water on its Facebook page , imposing a speed restriction on boats travelling to the event . They had said : \" From experience , we are expected to have over 100 vessels . \" Some will be kayaks with children on board , water safety is . adults and children will be swimming in the bay . Keep your eyes peeled . \" The event , at the RNLI station , was to allow people to meet the crew and celebrate their work .", "than 120 or bruises and broken bones were discovered on Keegan Downer 's body , Birmingham Crown Court was told . Kandyce Downer denies murdering the 18-month-old , after she collapsed at the family home in Birmingham . The child had a \" \" spiral leg fracture which had gone . It left the girl \" \" with one leg than the , the court heard . Nigel Power QC said Keegan had seven broken ribs which would have made breathing \" \" , and an head injury at days at the time she died . testing of the house the toddler died revealed traces of her blood on the cot and bedroom wall . Born in March 2014 to a mother , the girl was put with a carer by services . The child was placed with Downer as the guardian in January 2015 . Keegan was described in court as a \" and baby \" and lived at Downer 's family home in Beckbury Road , Weoley Castle . She collapsed at home before 10am on 5 September 2015 . paramedics arrived , Downer had Keegan lying down on a sofa and told them : \" I do know she stopped breathing , because I was in the bath . \" Downer told paramedics she had popped out and left the child during that morning . Keegan died from a combination of septicaemia , infection , chest trauma and head injuries . Of Downer , Mr Power said : \" We say there is no candidate for the and injuries that led to Keegan 's death . \" The trial of Downer , who denies causing or allowing the death of Keegan , continues .", "Media playback is supported on this device Bottom side United 's win in Perth in four years , and Kilmarnock 's draw to Partick Thistle , means the gap between them is to five points . \" It was a effort . With 10 men , that spirit and character was ,\" said the Finn . \" I ca praise the boys . They 've got toughness . \" Media playback is supported on this device Ryan Dow had put United into a lead through the half . , Saints came into the match and Coll Donaldson was sent off for denying Chris Kane an goal-scoring opportunity , the visiting fans may have feared another day in their bid to avoid relegation . St Johnstone midfielder Murray Davidson hit the crossbar as the side pressed for an equaliser but United held . \" We have a way to go but that was a step towards it ,\" continued Paatelainen . \" The mood is . Killie will pick up points so we need to be . They have a quality manager , they have players in every department , but days like this will help our chances of survival and that 's what we hang on to . \" I 'm with everybody 's effort . \" Saints manager Tommy Wright was at his team 's lack of bite in the quarter of the match . \" Up until they scored we did compete , did make tackles , did win headers or headers ,\" he lamented . \" I thought we got a slap in the face with the goal and we were after that . they 've defended to win the game . \" you give a team something to hold on to , with 10 men , it makes it . \" Alan Mannus had made two saves to the United goal but he will have been disappointed to have allowed Dow 's shot past him . \" I think in the build-up to the goal we should have done ,\" said Wright . \" We dropped and we should have dealt with the cross . He got a contact inside the box . \" Because Alan was on the move , it hit the underside of his body and squirmed over the line . \"", "Joe Storey , 27 , had denied murdering Kerri McAuley , 32 , who was found at Southalls Way , Norwich , on 8 January , but admitted manslaughter . Storey was on cocaine he punched mother-of-two Ms McAuley after a row about an ex-girlfriend . The jury at Norwich Crown Court took than an hour to find Storey . He will be sentenced on Friday . The court had heard friends describe a history of violence which left Ms McAuley \" \" and fearing for her life . In her texts Ms McAuley described Mr Storey 's behaviour as \" \" . She wrote : \" you are to care for anyone but yourself \" . \" You were trying to kill me , you were suffocating me until I passed out \" , adding that if he stays \" you wo go to prison for beating me to a pulp \" . Mr Storey and Ms McAuley agreed to meet up . Pathologist Dr Benjamin Swift said in the attack Ms McAuley sustained lacerations and one of her ears was torn . Dr Swift said some of the injuries were caused by \" force impact \" . Storey , of Murrells Court , Norwich , had admitted the pair had a relationship . He said he was staying at Ms McAuley 's home she confronted him about his ex-girlfriend who she thought was in contact with him . Storey said he struck her five or six times and had a phone in his hand at the time but insisted he had \" to hit her with it \" . Prosecutor Simon Spence said Storey behaved like an animal and if \" he 'd had a scrap of humanity \" Storey would have called an ambulance after the attack of leaving Ms McAuley to die in the flat .", "Barry McGivern , Scott Fryer and Troy Lacey were travelling to work at Dereham along the A47 Acle Straight , near Great Yarmouth , Norfolk . They jumped into water to free the man from the crushed car and helped to resuscitate him . Mr Lacey , 23 , said : \" I 'm we could give him a chance to see his family . \" The victim is in a but condition at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , police said . The men stopped they saw what they thought was a broken-down car and some people running along the road at 21:00 BST on Saturday . A blaring horn alerted them to a car in a dyke they could see a man struggling , said Mr Fryer . The victim , believed to be in his 40s , was trapped by his seatbelt in the crushed car and had his head in water . Mr McGivern , 28 , of Great Yarmouth , said he was the to enter the \" freezing \" water which was . Mr Lacey , from Martham , said their experience as security staff helped them to keep and they had freed the victim as a paramedic arrived . \" The car was that at one point I did think we would get him out , but I managed to get under his legs and get them and Barry snapped the seatbelt ,\" he said . \" His pulse was so I pumped his chest a times . \" Mr Fryer , 28 , a retained fire-fighter at Gorleston , gave the victim the kiss-of-life . \" I 'm we were and we could help a being who was dying in front of us ,\" said Mr Lacey .", "The measure guarantees a majority of seats to the party that wins the votes in an election . It is a element of a package of reforms promised by Prime Minister Matteo Renzi . The law seeks to end Italy 's era of revolving governments , horse-trading and coalitions . The house of parliament gave approval to the bill by 334 votes to 61 . The election system awards 340 out of 630 seats to any party that wins than 40 % of the vote . If no party reaches that threshold , there is a run-off between the two parties with the votes . The reform is expected to come into force year . After the vote , Mr Renzi said : \" Commitment achieved , promise . Italy needs people who do say no . \" Critics have accused the mayor of Florence who became minster year of trying to consolidate his grip on power . They complain that the law awards power to parties , gives party bosses scope to select candidates , and denies voters the chance to choose representatives . Opposition parties boycotted Monday 's vote . Renato Brunetta , head of opposition party Forza Italia , said that it was \" a day for our country 's democracy \" . Mr Renzi wants to transform the system by abolishing the Senate and replacing it with a non-elected body with powers . , legislation is held up because versions of bills have to be approved by both houses .", "The Dow Jones rose 0.2 % to 19,251.78 , while the S & P 500 gained 0.3 % to 2,204.71 , missing a record . The Nasdaq rose 0.5 % to 5,333.00 . Banking shares performed , with Wells Fargo 2.2 % , Bank of America rising 1.5 % and Goldman by 1.2 % . shares have climbed by over 15 % since the election . President-elect Donald Trump 's plans to reduce tax and regulations are expected to benefit the sector . , analysts are predicting the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates week , in another boost for banks . Financials in are \" benefiting from the feeling that interest rates are done going and we are going to see a interest rate and spread environment for financials ,\" said Paul Nolte , portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management . Mr Trump 's announcement that telecoms and internet firm SoftBank had agreed to invest $ 50bn in the US boosted markets , with Sprint shares rising 1.5 % and T-Mobile gaining 1.8 % . telecom stocks rose . AT & T shares increased by 1.9 % after the firm said its streaming television service DirectTV Now has gained subscribers than expected . Verizon shares climbed 1.2 % after the carrier said it was selling 29 data centres for $ 3.6bn . Chipotle was one of the fallers on the S & P 500 , dropping 7.6 % , after it said sales had recovered as expected . sales have been falling over the year since food safety issues led to the closure of dozens of Chipotle restaurants across the US .", "The 49-strong team for the event , which will be at London Stadium in Stratford from 14-23 July , contains 10 athletes who won gold at Rio 2016 . Paralympic champion Peacock , 24 , missed out on the 2015 World Championships through injury and will look to recapture the 100m title he claimed in 2013 . Media playback is supported on this device Britain won 31 medals in Doha two years , including 13 golds , finishing in the medal table . London will be the time the event has been held in the city and in the summer as the World Athletics Championships , which run from 4-13 August . world champion David Weir is included after withdrawing from British Athletics following a fallout with coach Jenni Banks , and T11 100m and 200m Paralympic champion Libby Clegg misses out with an injury . Cox , 26 , who has sclerosis , won gold medals in track cycling and athletics at Rio 2016 , but has focused her training on athletics this year before her defence of her T37 100m title . Cockroft , 24 , won world gold in the T34 100m , 400m and 800m two years , a treble she repeated in Rio year . Whitehead , 40 , can become a T42 200m world champion in London , while Jo Butterfield will be given the opportunity to defend her club throw titles in the F51 and and Aled Davies his shot title in the F42 . T38 sprinter Sophie Hahn , who has palsy , can win her 100m world title , despite being 20 . champions Hollie Arnold and Aled Sion Davies are among nine athletes from Wales included .", "after telling the BBC his story the father , called Jahangir , received a call from Ashraf Ghani assuring him that arrests would be made . His wife was raped in Badakhshan province eight years . But Jahangir says he has been to get the alleged rapists arrested because they are . His wife told BBC Persian about the incident . \" I told one of them , for God 's sake , I have given birth , I 'm like your child , your daughter is than me ,\" she said . \" I cried a lot , they beat me over my head and body ,\" she said . \" Their bite marks were on my body until a couple of years . \" Analysis : Inayatulhaq Yasini , BBC Pashto The stand taken by Jahangir and his wife breaks something of a taboo in Afghanistan , victims of crime are cowed into silence . after the media picked up the case , President Ghani spoke with Jahangir and promised him that \" the case will be investigated and perpetrators will face justice \" . The victim herself told the BBC : \" I want justice to save women from such a fate . \" In the wake of the publicity , the government will be under pressure to investigate the incident and ensure some kind of resolution . But there are hopes that the stand taken by Jahangir and his wife will embolden victims of crime , and have a affect on cases are dealt with . Jahangir , a policeman , told the BBC eight men were arrested after the incident , but six have been freed because of their connections . He says he and his family had to flee to the capital , Kabul , fearing for their lives . He has threatened to kill himself unless that changes : \" If they are put on trial , I 'll have to commit suicide to escape the tensions I 'm suffering from . There 's no way . \" Jahangir went with the threat on television . He met the country 's ministry to press his case . While speaking to the BBC following the meeting , he received a phone call from Mr Ghani . He wept as they spoke . Mr Ghani was sworn in as president in September , pledging to tackle the issue of corruption as a priority . as corruption , activists say violence against women is in Afghanistan , but attracts attention . In one case that did spark outrage , five men convicted of gang raping four women were hanged in October .", "18 January 2016 updated at 20:09 GMT Ben Frost , 27 , barricaded himself into his girlfriend 's flat in Princetown on Dartmoor on 18 January . He was arrested two hours after breaking through the roof , Plymouth magistrates heard . Frost of no fixed address admitted two charges of causing damage and two of threatening behaviour .", "Trott hit 175 as Warwickshire totalled 413 at Taunton , backed by half-centuries from Tim Ambrose ( 63 ) and Rikki Clarke ( 57 ) . paceman Grant Thornton took two of the four Somerset wickets to fall on his Championship debut . But Marcus Trescothick was at the close on 41 , out of 94-4 . After two rain-interrupted days . the draw remains the result . But the Bears , beaten by an innings in their two matches , have given themselves a chance of forcing victory , although it would take 16 wickets in the day to do it - and getting Trescothick out . club Somerset 's target on day four will be to avoid the follow-on - and they need a 170 to do that . Somerset 's Marcus Trescothick told BBC Radio Bristol : \" One of the office staff told me 10 days I was to 25,000 runs and I have been sweating on it since . \" I knew I went in that I was 29 . It got a bit as I moved . \" It is an achievement I am of but there is a job for me to do in this game . \" It was a day for us and we need to concentrate tomorrow to make we come with a draw . \" Warwickshire 's Jonathan Trott told BBC Coventry & Warwickshire : \" It 's that Marcus is playing county cricket and setting an example to the players in his dressing room and opposition teams . \" There is no chance I will be be playing at 41 . That 's ! His will be a wicket for us tomorrow . \" I had got past 100 the ball was taken so it was I hung for if we were to get a score . I started to think in terms of 400 Rikki Clarke came in and played . \" There is a bit of turn because it is a used pitch . With rain , the crustiness has taken to form , but Jeetan Patel can cause them a problems . \"", "The nation took a lead , but Grealish levelled . Skipper James Ward-Prowse 's penalty put England , before Nathan Redmond 's screamer and another from Grealish gave them a 4-1 half-time lead . Cauley Woodrow 's shot was deflected in by a Guinea defender , with the Fulham forward adding two in an win . Gareth Southgate 's men opened the tournament with a 1-0 win over Portugal on Thursday , Chelsea midfielder Lewis Baker scoring the winner . they meet Paraguay on Wednesday , rounding off their group campaign against Japan on Friday . \" We spoke before the game about any team being of scoring against you ,\" Southgate said . \" We started in a manner , so that was . \" Our response was , we showed composure to work our way into the game . The goal difference might end up being . \" But if we start games like that against opposition , it will be a struggle to get into it . \" England : Gunn , Stephens , Holding , Hause ( Chambers 54 ) , Targett , Ward-Prowse ( Chalobah 41 ) , Swift , Grimes , Grealish ( Watmore 60 ) , Redmond ( Palmer 54 ) , Woodrow . Subs used : Pickford , Iorfa , Loftus-Cheek , Baker , Chilwell .", "He claims Universal Music have paid the band a \" fraction \" of the money they were owed from downloads on sites like iTunes and Amazon . The musician is suing for compensation , according to documents filed in Los Angeles on Wednesday . The claim is filed on behalf of his sister , Karen , who died in 1983 . Carpenter hired accountants to examine statements from Universal Music and its subsidiary , A & M Records , which has released The Carpenters' music since their debut album in 1969 . He says they found errors , and that the labels \" classified \" revenue from downloads of The Carpenters' music as sales of records - which attract a royalty rate . He claims that downloads were undercounted . In a statement , Carpenter said he had been to resolve the dispute without suing . \" The Carpenters recordings are among the sellers in the history of music , and after 48 years continue to contribute a amount to [ Universal 's ] line ,\" he wrote . \" It seems that these companies account to my sister 's estate and to me . \" Specialising in rock , The Carpenters sold millions of records in the 1970s . The brother-sister duo won three Grammy Awards in 1970 and 1971 , including artist and performance for the ballad ( They Long to Be ) to You . The band 's career was cut Karen developed anorexia nervosa in 1975 . Although they continued to record , the condition led to her death , from heart failure . Richard Carpenter 's claim is one of filed in the US after a 2010 court case involving Eminem , which resulted in a ruling that artists should receive royalty payments for downloads than they do a CD or vinyl album is sold . The difference is . According to Billboard , artists get 15 % of the money generated by the sale of a record . For downloads , which are counted as \" content \" , the figure 50 % . Artists including Peter Frampton , Public Enemy , Whitesnake and The Temptations have all sued , or threatened to sue , in order to obtain the rate . Universal Music were to respond to the case . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Sayes Court will double in size and provide an 210 places by September 2015 . Surrey County Council said it needs to \" bridge a \u00c2 \u00a3 215m funding gap \" for 13,000 places , blaming an \" demand \" on its services . It said Esher School is being rebuilt to boost capacity by 210 places .", "The midfielder signed a deal at Fratton Park on Monday and made his debut against Coventry in the EFL Cup 24 hours . \" I have come to sit on the bench ,\" the Congo international told BBC Radio Solent . \" I 'm and Portsmouth are a club . \" Linganzi and goalkeeper Liam O'Brien , 24 , have both signed deals . O'Brien returns for a spell at Portsmouth , having left in 2010 . The England Under-19 international has played for Barnet , Brentford and Dagenham .", "Back-row Henderson has a tear while wing Bowe is recovering from a knee injury . Rob Herring ( hamstring ) , Paul Marshall and Alan O'Connor ( both illness ) are to face Zebre on Friday . Nick Williams ( shoulder ) , Luke Marshall ( ankle ) and Ian Humphreys ( hip / back ) could return against the Italians as Ulster 's injury woes begin to ease . The trio are rated but Sammy Arnold will be sidelined for up to three weeks because of a \" grade \" hamstring tear . Dan Tuohy will have surgery on a \" \" ankle fracture before a date is determined for his return . Wiehahn Herbst will have a assessment on a toe injury while Willie Faloon is set to see a specialist for a prognosis on a foot injury . The return of Ireland internationals Henderson and Bowe would be a boost for an Ulster side sitting in the Pro12 standings .", "They voted to ask pub firm Punch Taverns to allow The Corn Exchange pub in Crickhowell to be turned into a convenience store . The town has one chain - Boots chemist - while all businesses are family run and . week 200 people attended a protest over the plan . The decision on the application will be taken by Brecon Beacons National Park Authority . Neither the park authority nor Punch Taverns were represented at the meeting .", "Media playback is supported on this device Blair Alston opened the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time , heading an Aaron Muirhead cross into the corner . John Baird netted his of the season after the break . But Derek Lyle pulled a goal with a turn and finish and Iain Russell 's strike levelled the scores in stoppage time .", "St Clare 's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham has met with equality leaders at the city council to discuss a complaint from the pupil 's family . The council is supporting the school to ensure its policies are . But Muslim Women 's Network UK said the school was at fault as girls are required to wear headscarves . Read news for Birmingham and the Black Country The Handsworth school states on its website that \" hats or scarves are allowed to be worn in school \" alongside examples including a woman in a headscarf . Labour councillor Waseem Zaffar , cabinet member for transparency , openness and equality , met the school 's head teacher week . In a comment posted on Facebook at the weekend , claiming the school had contravened the Equality Act , the councillor wrote : \" I 'm insisting this matter is addressed with a change of policy . \" education officers from Birmingham City Council will discuss this matter with the concerned school week whilst the head and governors discuss their action . \" In a council statement , Brigid Jones , cabinet member for children , families and schools , said : \" Each school 's governing body is for the creation and implementation of its uniform policy . \" , the authority is supporting the school to ensure its policy is , in line with requirements , and we are engaging with all schools to remind them of their responsibilities it comes to setting school uniform policies . \" Shaista Gohir , from Muslim Women 's Network UK - which works to improve equality for women and girls , said : \" The school is allowed to set its uniform policy and schools do have to be and and and make that they do breach their duties under the Equality Act . \" But they have done anything because there is no requirement for a four-year-old to be wearing a headscarf . \" The school has commented .", "Alexander Reid told Department of Work and Pensions staff in application forms and at interviews that he was . But in reality he was living with his wife Kathleen Reid , despite having claimed to be separated . Reid was found following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . The , from Dundee , had denied a charge under the Social Security Administration Act that he claimed employment support allowance and income support totalling \u00a3 39,808 . Defence solicitor John Boyle asked that Reid be spared jail and given a community payback order as an alternative to a prison sentence . Sheriff Tom Hughes told Reid : \" Because of the sum of money involved a sentence is the option . \"", "The estimate showed growth picking up from the quarter of the year , it was 0.2 % . The ONS said the growth was driven by services , retail , which than offset falls in output in the manufacturing and construction sectors . It added there had been a \" slowdown \" in growth from year . , the figure for the quarter was in line with economists' expectations . Analysts said the rise in growth was to change expectations that the Bank of England will keep interest rates at their record low week . ONS head of accounts Darren Morgan said : \" The economy has experienced a slowdown in the half of this year . \" Film production in the UK , plus receipts from cinemas , was one of the performing parts of the economy during the period . \" While services as retail , and film production and distribution showed some improvement in the quarter , a performance from construction and manufacturing pulled down growth ,\" Mr Morgan said . On Monday , the International Monetary Fund downgraded its forecast for UK growth this year because of the figure . The IMF said it expects UK GDP to grow by 1.7 % of its projection of 2 % . Chancellor Philip Hammond said the UK economy had grown for four-and-a-half years . \" We can be of that , but we are ,\" he added . \" We need to focus on restoring productivity growth to deliver wages and living standards for people across the country . \" Labour chancellor John McDonnell said : \" Today 's GDP figures reveal growth under a government , and expose the seven years of failure . \" Growth for the half of 2017 is below expectations , and it follows continued data showing working families are being squeezed with wages keeping up with prices . \" Aberdeen Asset Management economist Lucy O'Carroll said : \" This pick-up will be taken as news , but it does amount to . \" The figures are the estimate of growth , based on data . They get revised over time , and . \" It 's the underlying trends that matter . They do look at the moment , given the uncertainties around Brexit and the pressure on household budgets from inflation . \"", "Media playback is supported on this device The Blues boss says his side have \" \" won the Premier League title after their 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge moved them 10 points at the top . United dominated possession and had chances than the league leaders . Mourinho said : \" We prepared for it to be like this . It was the game we wanted and expected . \" Chelsea will be champions if they win at Arsenal and Leicester in their two matches , having beaten third-placed United with a goal from Eden Hazard . Visiting manager Louis van Gaal said it was his side 's \" display of the season \" but Mourinho insists it was part of the game plan . \" It was , but than you think ,\" he said . \" Control their football to Marouane Fellaini and control the wingers from making crosses on the foot . \" we know Wayne Rooney plays in midfield , we control his progression into the box . Control set-pieces and do give free-kicks as they have three specialists . \" Wait for a mistake and score a goal . We were to make their players disappear . Nobody saw them . They were in our pockets . \" United went into the match knowing they needed to win for the time in five league visits to Chelsea to have any hope of winning the title . But , despite celebrations at the end of the match , Mourinho was to point out his side are champions . \" We are celebrating ,\" he said . \" Football is about ' ifs' and ' almosts ' , it is about mathematics . it is done , it is done , and until that moment we do celebrate . \" The celebration is because we have beaten one of the clubs in the world . The celebration is because they have everything to win that game and the result is because of the work they did all week to prepare for this game . \" I feel we are but there are no ' almosts' in football . \"", "People 's Commissioner for Wales Sarah Rochira will call on pensioners and their friends and families to hear their experiences of care . The evidence will be used to develop recommendations for care providers and bodies . It is part of Ms Rochira 's review into the quality of life and care of people in care in Wales . She said she would highlight care but show the impact of care upon people . \" The voices of people , as those who care for and care about them , are at the heart of my work as commissioner , which is I want to hear about their experiences of care ,\" she said . \" I have travelled across Wales , meeting with people living in care , and have seen for myself the impact that quality care can have on people 's lives . \" , I have received an increasing amount of correspondence in the year about the quality of life and care of people living in care and I have spoken about what I consider to be variations across Wales . \" The commissioner will be reviewing whether people living in care have a quality of life by looking at factors as and health , relationships and the care home environment . Her team will speak to care providers , care staff and bodies . \" By giving a voice to people and their families , my review and recommendations will ensure that those who are for and run our services understand the realities of living in care in Wales and the action required to deliver the change needed to ensure that that people living in care have the quality of life ,\" she said . The chair of Care Forum Wales , Mario Kreft , said his group was dedicated to developing and promoting practice in care and it supported the aims of the review . \" Our disappointment - which will be shared by providers - is that the commissioner has included a provider expert on the panel ,\" he said . \" as we can see no-one who has lived in , worked in , managed or owned a care home is represented on the panel . \" In our view , this misses the opportunity for partnership working and to engage the sector into the advisory panel . \"", "Mr Evans joined the service in 2010 and is secretary to the Welsh Government . He will succeed Ian Jones in the role from October . S4C 's chairman Huw Jones said Mr Evans was a \" leader \" . Mr Evans was educated at Ysgol Penweddig , Aberystwyth . He graduated in economics at Swansea University . He was director of Business in the Community Wales , from 2008 and 2010 , and a member of the Welsh Language Board from 2005 and 2010 .", "Sakho , who is on loan at Crystal Palace , tested for the fat burner higenamine in March 2017 and served a 30-day suspension . Uefa dismissed the case in July . football 's governing body blamed \" gaps in communication \" between Wada and two of its laboratories . A Uefa report released on Thursday said it was \" \" for anyone to tell whether higenamine is a prohibited substance by reading Wada 's banned list . \" The fact that the Cologne laboratory tested for higenamine but had to check with Wada before making a determination indicates a problem , as does the fact that the Lausanne laboratory does test for it ,\" it added . \" The onus is on Wada to communicate to its laboratories what is and what is on the prohibited list . \" There are gaps in communication with regard to higenamine , something which tends to support the suggestion that Wada 's procedure and analysis in respect of this substance is . \" Sakho , 27 , admitted taking the substance without Liverpool 's knowledge but contended it was on the banned list , which was supported by the report into the case by Uefa 's control , ethics and body . The France international has played for Liverpool since testing and moved to Palace on loan in February .", "If you have a picture you would like to share , please see below the images for details on to submit yours . If you have a picture you 'd like to share , email us at england @ bbc.co.uk , post it on Facebook or tweet it to @ BBCEngland . You can find us on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image . emailing pictures , please make you include the following information : Please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are to use those which have been taken in the week . If you submit a picture , you do in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In contributing to England 's Big Picture you agree to grant us a , licence to publish and use the material in any way that we want , and in any media . It 's to note , , that you own the copyright to everything you contribute to England 's Big Picture , and that if your image is accepted , we will publish your name alongside . The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments . At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind of media .", "Maj-Gen Yair Golan said on the eve of Thursday 's Holocaust Day that he detected trends in society of \" nauseating processes \" that occurred in 1930s Nazi Germany . Mr Netanyahu said the comments were , cheapened the Holocaust and caused harm to Israel . Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon said he had \" confidence \" in Gen Golan . \" If there 's something that frightens me about remembrance it 's the recognition of the processes that occurred in Europe in , and in Germany , - 70 , 80 and 90 years - and finding signs of them among us today in 2016 ,\" the deputy chief of staff said on Wednesday . \" There is , , nothing and than hating the foreigner ... arousing fears and . \" But Mr Netanyahu said Gen Golan 's remarks were \" and to me \" . \" The comparison drawn in the words of the chief of staff regarding events which characterised Nazi Germany 80 years is ,\" he said . \" They do injustice to society and cause a belittling of the Holocaust . \" Correspondents say members of Mr Netanyahu 's coalition have called for Gen Golan 's resignation , accusing him of dishonouring the dead . But Defence Minister Yaalon said the criticism was an attempt to cause harm to the military . \" The attacks against [ Gen Golan ] and the criticism against him are distortions of interpretation of the things he said night ,\" he added . The remarks come at a time of heightened tension between Israelis and Palestinians . A wave of stabbing , shooting and car-ramming attacks by Palestinians and Arabs over the eight months have left 29 Israelis . than 200 Palestinians - attackers , Israel says - have been killed in that period . There has been debate and controversy over response to the attacks . In March , an soldier was filmed shooting a wounded Palestinian . He has been charged with manslaughter . There has been some sympathy for the soldier but Mr Yaalon backed the establishment in prosecuting him . In October year , an immigrant was shot and beaten to death by an crowd after being mistaken for an militant in the town of Beersheba , prompting concern about mob reactions to people thought to be .", "In February 2016 ministers said funding would stay at \u00a3 6.7m in 2016-17 , whilst S4C 's remit and funding was reviewed . MPs urged ministers to drop plans to cut their contribution to \u00a3 6.1m as the review had begun . Culture Minister Matt Hancock said secretary of state Karen Bradley was considering the matter . of S4C 's \u00a3 80m budget comes from the licence fee . The Wales Office does expect the investigation to be completed until the end of 2017 . During a Westminster debate on Wednesday , Mr Hancock said the Department of Culture , Media and Sport 's contribution to S4C 's budget was set to fall to \u00a3 6.1m in 2017-18 . \" We are of commitments given by our predecessor [ ex-Culture Secretary John Whittingdale ] around timing - and this is an issue the secretary of state [ Karen Bradley ] is considering ,\" he said . Ceredigion MP Mark Williams , who called the debate on S4C 's future , said : \" It is that a review takes place to ensure that it has the funding to fulfil its remit and strategy over the term . \" The review into S4C announced in February year , by the secretary of state , along with a reversal of a cut , to the outcome of the review , was . \" But we are in 2017 and waiting for a promised review , and there is concern about the delay . \" Mr Hancock said there would be an announcement about the review \" \" and promised that it would be chaired by someone with \" a understanding of Wales and an interest in the Welsh language \" .", "ScotRail said the Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel would be closed from 20 March until 8 August . Services will divert to platforms or Glasgow Central , bringing timetable changes and in some cases , journey times . The work is part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 60m upgrade project that will allow and trains to use the station . Passengers on ScotRail 's Edinburgh to Glasgow service , via Falkirk High , are being advised to travel via Bathgate and Airdrie . That journey will take 70 minutes . Phil Verster , managing director of the ScotRail Alliance , said : \" Upgrading the tunnel will allow us to run , , trains in the future . \" This will mean seats , journey times and impact on our environment . \" The benefits of this investment will be , for our railway , but for the country . \" ScotRail said the closure was to enable engineering work to renew 1,800m of existing slab track formation , which carries the rails through the 918m tunnel . The firm said this was the engineering project undertaken on the Edinburgh to Glasgow , via Falkirk High , railway , since it was built . The project will involve 140 days of working , the removal of 10,000 tonnes of existing concrete slab and the installation of 4,000m of rails . ScotRail has launched a webpage to give passengers information about the impact of the project . Transport Minister Derek Mackay said : \" This is a in a generation project and one of the planned on the Edinburgh-Glasgow route . \" The works will support the introduction of a generation of , and trains on routes across the Central Belt year . \" Although I understand that this work will cause some inconvenience to passengers , the ScotRail Alliance is working to ensure that services are maintained , disruption is kept to a minimum and that passengers are kept informed throughout the work . \"", "Media playback is supported on this device Al Hasawi , who took control of the Reds in the summer of 2012 , would reveal the identity of the buyers . , BBC Sport understands that a United States consortium , led by millionaire John Jay Moores , is on the verge of securing a \u00a3 50m deal . The takeover would see the San Diego Padres owner take an 80 % stake in the Championship club . Moores' consortium were in buying Premier League side Everton , and the owners met club staff week .", "The IMF 's steering committee , made up of 25 of the world 's economies , said the outlook was because of trade and a series of risks including a UK exit from the EU . It urged countries to boost spending and avoid deflation . The IMF week made its cut to growth forecasts this year . Christine Lagarde , managing director of the IMF , described the talks between finance ministers and bankers in Washington DC as \" therapy \" to deal with the prospects . But she said markets since February had reduced the nerves at the IMF spring meeting . \" There was the level of anxiety but I think there was an level of concern , and a endeavour to identify the solution and the responses to the situation ,\" she said . The IMF predicts growth of 3.2 % this year and 3.5 % in 2017 , having forecast 3.4 % and 3.6 % . \" Downside risks to the outlook have increased since October , raising the possibility of a slowdown and a pull-back of capital flows ,\" the IMF steering committee said . It said tax policies and spending should be \" as \" . But it pledged to \" refrain from all forms of protectionism and devaluations \" , amid concerns that some countries are keeping their currencies to boost exports .", "Donald Trump , Jeb Bush and Scott Walker will take the stage in Cleveland on Thursday night with seven rivals . Fox News selected the 10 Republicans based on five polls , excluding Mr Perry and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham . Those two and five candidates will take part in an debate . Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum reacted to his omission . \" The idea that they have left out the runner-up for the 2012 nomination [ Santorum ] , the governor of Texas [ Perry ] , the governor of Louisiana [ Bobby Jindal ] , the Fortune 50 CEO [ Carly Fiorina ] , and the 3-term Senator from South Carolina [ Graham ] to polling seven months before a vote is cast is ,\" his spokesman said . In contrast , Mr Perry tweeted that he was looking to being on Fox at 5pm for \" a exchange of ideas and solutions to get America on track \" . The debate takes place four hours at 9pm time ( 01:00 GMT ) . All eyes will be on hotel tycoon Mr Trump , who leads the polls and has made headlines with remarks about of his rivals . A guide to the 10 debaters One of the frontrunners , Jeb Bush , became embroiled in a row with leading candidate Hillary Clinton over women 's health funding on Tuesday . The Florida governor was attacked by Mrs Clinton after he told a audience he was \" we need half a billion dollars for women 's health issues \" . But he said he \" misspoke \" after criticism of his remarks . Meet all of the 2016 hopefuls", "The 21-year-old joined Tigers on loan in February , making five appearances , and is one of four players in the England squad for the summer Tests . Genge made his debut for Bristol in the 2013-14 and Irish Cup , and scored six tries in 26 appearances . \" Ellis has made a impression in his time on loan with us ,\" said Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill . \" He is a prospect and he seems to have found his home at Leicester in his time on loan with us . \" We hope he continues to build on that impression and we look to seeing his development . \" Genge is in the England squad both for Saturday 's Test at home to Wales and the June tour of Australia .", "Stephen Hammond said job roles would change the paper system for car tax discs is scrapped in October . The minister allayed fears about job losses in a letter to Swansea East AM Mike Hedges . Mr Hedges said the minister 's response would \" give comfort \" to DVLA employees . Concerns over the future of some of the 5,000 workers at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency centre were raised in October after Chancellor George Osborne 's Autumn Statement . The chancellor announced that the tax disc would be replaced with an system in October 2014 . The system will allow people to pay the charge by debit . Mr Hedges had written to Mr Hammond asking for clarification of the government 's intentions . In his response to Mr Hedges , Mr Hammond said : \" It is that the introduction of a debit scheme may mean there will be a reduction in the amount of refunds received , in addition to the withdrawal of the tax disc . \" This may mean changes to job roles and the need to train on processes . \" Any reductions in numbers of people needed for these activities will be managed through redeploying to growth areas of the business . \" Mr Hedges welcomed the minister 's assurances . He added : \" Whilst that the changes will reduce the number of job opportunities at the DVLA , I can see the advantages of both paying by debits and having to show a tax disc . \" I am the minister is to redeployment than redundancies and I am this response will give comfort to DVLA employees . \"", "The England and Wales Cricket Board made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches and Rhodes says it has made a difference . \" I think it has ,\" he told BBC Hereford and Worcester . \" If you look , there have been some wickets - this was the way they could do it . \" The England wicketkeeper added : \" I think , to a extent , it 's worked . \" There have been some criticisms about wickets being but if you 're to bat for a period of time and concentrate , you 'll get runs . \" Worcestershire 's two Championship matches - which have both been draws - have produced eight centuries , with five coming in the match against Gloucestershire and three in their game with Essex . England all-rounder Moeen Ali , Joe Clarke , Brett D'Oliveira and Tom Kohler-Cadmore have all reached three figures for the New Road side and Rhodes says pitches will help sort out the players . \" players were playing shots and getting out to bowlers - that 's what was happing with the wickets ,\" he added . \" those bowlers are struggling a bit - which I think is a thing . \"", "Newsbeat has the place for them . If the networking company gets it way they could be checking in to Facebook Town . The media company has bought up than 200 acres of Silicon Valley . According to Silicon Valley Business Journal Facebook \" feel you ca build a campus , it has to be integrated into the community \" . A Facebook Spokesperson told Newsbeat : \" This purchase is an investment in our future and the future of Menlo Park . Being a neighbour is to us . \" We look to continuing our dialogue with city and community leaders on priorities in the months and years to come . \" In reality it 's to say what Facebook may do with the site and whether they will go with a scale Facebook town workers and people can live to Facebook HQ . No plans appear to have been drawn up and Facebook may move for a number of years but it is considering building the town . It owns the land near Menlo Park in California and has been the area 's employer for years . than a quarter of the residents work for Facebook . Building towns for workers is nothing . In the past a soap factory built the town of Port Sunlight in the Wirral and Bournville in Birmingham was built for the chocolate company . Facebook Town may be seen as a way of offering something to the area . The company and computer industries have been blamed for pushing up house prices , making it for locals to get on the property ladder . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Bailey died after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 October . The 16-year-old accused - who be named for reasons - appeared in at Aberdeen Sheriff Court . The boy is charged with having a blade or point on school premises . He made no plea , was committed and remanded in custody . assemblies were held on Monday as pupils returned to classes for the time since the incident . Bailey 's family issued a message of thanks for the support they have received .", "The 25-year-old has been with Carlisle since 2008 , making 160 appearances for the club and turned down a deal to join the Saddlers . \" We knew he was after a challenge . He can come in and be a number one for us ,\" Walsall manager Jon Whitney told the club website . , goalkeeper Liam Roberts has agreed a deal . The contract signed by Chester loanee Roberts , who has made one appearance for Walsall , includes the option of a year in the League One club 's favour . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "Wa-ays Dhaye , 18 , died from knife wounds after being attacked in Thurston Street , Slough , in August . He was walking after spending the day at Notting Hill Carnival . Khianni Gordon was jailed for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder while Kaneel Huggins and Antwon Clarke were given 10 and sentences for manslaughter . Gordon , 18 , was convicted of perverting the course of justice . Clarke and Huggins' sentences were referred to the Court of Appeal by the Attorney General under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme . Huggins , 19 , had his sentence increased to 16 years , and Clarke , 18 , had his sentence increased to 15 years . Gordon 's sentence was considered by the court . Speaking after the hearing , Attorney General Jeremy Wright said : \" These offenders participated in the plan to assault and injure Wa'ays Dhaye knowing that harm or death could be caused . \" Knife crime is a scourge of our society and it 's that prison terms for this type of crime reflect the seriousness of the offending . \" Mr Dhaye , who was born in Holland but lived in Slough for 10 years , was stabbed while walking after spending August bank holiday at the Notting Hill Carnival . He died in hospital . Det Ch Insp Kevin Brown of Thames Valley Police , said the three had \" hunted down \" Mr Dhaye following a altercation between two groups at the carnival . He said : \" The three of them left Wa-ays dying in the street and it was members of the public who found him and came to his aid . \" Update 21 November 2016 : This story has been amended following updated information supplied by the Attorney General about the sentencing", "The 19-year-old moved to Glasgow a year and has played in than 40 games for the champions . His deal ends in the summer and Roberts intends to return to City to battle for a place . \" I 'll have that belief ; the you play , the you improve ,\" said Roberts . \" It 's been my season playing men 's football . I did a bit at Fulham , but I was and , the at Man City , coming , the manager before [ Ronny Deila ] played me a lot and Brendan 's [ Rodgers ] been with me . \" It 's been and I 'm enjoying it . I came to improve , to win trophies and score goals . \" at the end of the season I can take that with me to City and have a go . It 's been a experience and I 'm for that . \" Roberts has found Scott Sinclair and James Forrest starting games of him this season , but the winger says he has learned from working alongside Sinclair in . He insists that the camaraderie within the squad has been a factor as Celtic reached the Champions League group stages and have put a run of 25 matches . If Celtic can avoid defeat against St Johnstone on Wednesday , they will equal the record of 26 set by the Lisbon Lions in the 1966-67 season . Roberts , , insists that the players are giving thought to the record . \" The team spirit 's been since day one , the manager came in and the boys came for pre-season ,\" he said . \" We 've kept each going , we 've had times , fun , and done on the pitch . It shows in results and if we continue to do that , it should be a season for us . \" It 's [ about ] momentum , you feel , and go into every game believing you can win . The you win , the you are . We 're in stead and we 'll go into Wednesday firing and to go . \" We 're going out with the mentality to win every game . On Wednesday we 'll show that . We 'll be buzzing to be in the league and looking to put on a show . \" It 's people [ looking at the record ] , we focus on trying to win . We 'll do all we can to do that and focus on the game . \"", "Gilmartin , 30 , has signed an deal after leaving the Hornets , he failed to play a game in three years . His match in England came for Plymouth in January 2013 . Keeper Brill , 31 , joined Colchester in January on a deal and rejected the offer of a contract . The Luton , Barnet and Oldham player found himself as number two to Sam Walker , who played every league game season . Gilmartin will coach keepers Walker and Dillon Barnes , with Ademola Bankole leaving the role after than nine years at the club . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "John and Elizabeth Knott from Bosbury , in Herefordshire , were found at their home in August . Each had died from a shotgun wound . A shotgun registered to Mr Knott , 71 , was recovered by police at the scene . Assistant Coroner Roland Wooderson recorded a verdict of killing for Mrs Knott , while finding Mr Knott took his life . The couple 's daughter Elizabeth Conway said she was , but . \" Mum did want to continue to live like that and Dad could see a life without Mum ,\" she said in a statement . The inquest , sitting at Hereford Town Hall , heard Mrs Knott , 70 , had been suffering from Alzheimer 's disease and anxiety . Friends described Mr Knott had been devoted to his wife , known as Anne , and had been she attended a respite care home . A couple of days after arriving at the care home , the inquest was told Mr Knott arranged for his wife to return and two days the couple were found . Relatives alerted police after becoming about them . They were found in a workshop at the back of their garage . The door had been locked from the inside and the handle removed . Giving evidence , Det Sgt Tim Powell said there was no sign of any involvement . The inquest heard Mr Knott had been concerned by plans by travellers to move on to land next to their home .", "The government said it has turned 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach Australia by boat . In July a wooden boat , the \" \" vessel entry into Australia since June 2014 , was spotted off the coast . It was seen and the government refused to say it was . The government refuses to comment on boat turn-backs but Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Thursday told media : \" There were 46 people on a venture that did come from Vietnam ; we have negotiated their return to Vietnam . \" \" The boat that they came on has been scuttled and we have been to stare down that venture ,\" he said , adding that the government 's policy was to allow people arriving \" \" by boat to settle in Australia . Australia has been sending migrant boats to they came from since December 2013 . Refugee support group VOICE said three of the refugees were in police detention in Vietnam . Spokesman Trug Doan told the Australian Broadcasting Corp they were being held \" for an period for interrogation \" . The Greens party has said the turn-backs are a breach of the UN 's Refugee Convention . Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young said month that handing the group to Vietnam would be refoulement - the expulsion of people entitled to claim refugee status .", "The Spaniard , 23 , started on pole but slipped to place after an issue . He recovered and overtook Valentino Rossi with 12 laps to go , securing his win of the season and taking his championship total to 248 points . Rossi struggled to close down Marquez 's lead and fell behind defending champion Jorge Lorenzo to finish in . Victory - the 28th of his career in the category - gives Marquez a lead over second-placed Rossi , with four races remaining . , Brad Binder became the motorcycle grand prix world champion since 1980 as he won the Moto3 title . 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 41 minutes 57.678 seconds 2. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:00.418 3. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 42:03.661 4. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:05.916 5. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 42:10.899 6. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 42:14.750 7. Aleix Espargaro ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:16.200 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:17.110 9. Alvaro Bautista ( Spa ) Aprilia - 42:20.749 10. Stefan Bradl ( Ger ) Aprilia - 42:25.576 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 248 points 2. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 196 3. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 182 4. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 155 5. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 149 6. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 105 7. Andrea Dovizioso ( Ita ) Ducati - 104 8. Andrea Iannone ( Ita ) Ducati - 96 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 96 10. Hector Barbera ( Spa ) Ducati - 84", "Cornish-born Glover was meant to be with winning partner Heather Stanning , but Glover , 27 , won the with Swann season . \" We had a year year it 'll click into place ,\" she told BBC Radio Cornwall . \" It 's clicking into place , we need to get onto the page and get doing the things . \" Swann replaced Stanning season after she Glover and Swann won three World Cup events season as the world title in South Korea . And with a performance in Amsterdam , Glover says there could be some decisions for the Great Britain selectors as to who partners her in the pair for the rest of this season . She said : \" It 's going to be a one with Heather coming after taking a year out with the army and Polly staying . \" There 's lots of selection things about who will be in the pair out of those two . \" But I want to keep my eye on the World Championships at the end of August in Amsterdam . \" It 'd be to try and hold on to our world champion title , whoever is in the boat with me . \"", "He said it was \" if \" to see David Cameron 's government turn their back on the coalition 's \" stance \" . The minister criticised his partners' \" swagger \" over the EU referendum . And , in his speech to MPs as Lib Dem leader , he predicted the EU debate would \" devour \" Mr Cameron 's party . A contest to replace Mr Clegg is under way after the election left his party with eight MPs . \" My party 's presence may be , reduced in size , but our mission is than ,\" said Mr Clegg . He said data monitoring powers , resisted by his party in government , represented a \" turbo charged snooper 's charter \" , and said there had been to support care and house-building . He accused the Conservatives of ditching their commitment to liberties . \" The rights we hold , our right to privacy in an age , our future as an , country , are all hanging in the balance because of the measures announced today ,\" he said . \" The coalition government 's commitment to fairness is weakened ,\" he added . Mr Clegg said he sensed \" a swagger \" among the Conservatives over Mr Cameron 's bid to repatriate powers from the EU , saying the PM was \" \" towards the UK 's place in Europe . And he called for reform and changes to Britain 's constitution , adding : \" This sort of tinkering does go . \" He began his speech , in a chamber , by saying it was \" an surprise \" to speak in the Commons without being greeted by a \" disobliging wall of noise \" from the opposition benches . Following the Lib Dem leader in the Commons , Conservative MP Andrew Mitchell said history would treat Mr Clegg 's time as minister than the electorate had .", "Output rose 9.3 % from a year , which was from March 's figure of 8.9 % but below market forecasts for a 9.5 % rise . Fixed-asset investment weakened in the four months of 2013 . week , a survey suggested that manufacturing activity , a subset of production , grew at a pace in April . \" This is the start of a rally , it is a sputtering whimper as momentum continues to fade ,\" said economists at IHS Global Insight . By Linda YuehChief business correspondent IHS said that slowing fixed-asset investment - a measure of government spending - suggested weakness in manufacturing and infrastructure construction , and warned that the pace could fall amid government efforts to curb the housing market . , Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts warned that there was an increased \" downside risk \" to the economy . China 's economy expanded at an rate of 7.7 % in the three months of the year , from 7.9 % in the quarter . Officials have warned that the economy is set to slow as the government attempts to rebalance the economy by getting consumer demand to drive growth , than investments and exports . This attempt appears to be having an impact . According to government statistics , in the three months of this year , the part of the economy was services - manufacturing .", "Tshibola , 20 , came through the Royals' academy system and signed his contract summer . He made his debut against Nottingham Forest in August . Bingham , 21 , joined Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer and has scored four goals in 20 games for the Stags in all competitions . Pools are awaiting clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo to feature against Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday .", "Polling booths opened at 07:00 BST in the area 's 15 constituencies , with results expected to be declared after midnight . Votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00 BST . For the news from all the counts on Merseyside , go to our election service or check the results on your constituency profile page .", "The poster with the phrase # prayforjosh appeared in Holywood by the A2 within the week . It is part of a media campaign supporting Joshua Martin , from Donaghadee , County Down . Life took a turn for the teenager he was diagnosed with cancer on Christmas Eve . He was to have an operation on his appendix at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast . , doctors discovered and removed a cancer and five growths . The news shocked Josh 's family , but since his diagnosis they have received lots of support from people over the world . It began as a hashtag on Facebook and Instagram by Bangor Elim Church , Josh 's father is on the staff , and has gone . The church 's pastor , Gary Beattie , said he was by people have supported Josh and his family . \" We were in shock he was diagnosed , and the family wanted support from people and to ask people to pray for Josh ,\" Gary said . \" It is a campaign as , we put the hashtag on our Facebook posts to get some of our congregation thinking about him . We had no idea that it would take off . \" We would use media quite a lot because we have quite a congregation , and we 've been posting updates about Josh from his family . \" The update was shared 948 times and it 's been seen by over 79,000 people . It 's . \" We thought there had been a mistake , but you can look at the views and they 've come from , and there are people over the world supporting him , which is . \" But did a media hashtag lead to the appearance of the billboard ? Gary said that week a mystery donor paid for the sign and it was erected at Holywood playing fields . \" We do know it came from , we did put it , but it means a lot to have support ,\" Gary said . There has been a outpouring of support on Twitter for the Bangor Grammar pupil , with his classmates using the hashtag for their friend . As Josh 's family and friends continue to support him in his recovery , it seems there will be people over the world will be following suit , thanks to the kindness of County Down strangers .", "GKN Aerospace in Yeovil , Somerset , which makes airframes for Royal Navy helicopters , said the loss of the contact puts 230 jobs at risk . Leonardo , which assembles the Wildcat helicopter in the town , has told GKN it plans to take production . The firm said the arrangement was \" \" . The union Unite said it was a \" blow \" . GKN has begun consultations with the unions regarding job losses in Yeovil . The firm said in a statement that the move by Leonardo \" puts at risk the term viability of our Yeovil site \" . GKN added : \" Having completed a assessment of the business , we have concluded that GKN Yeovil , as it stands today , is a business and will have to be downsized or closed . \" We will enter a period of consultation with nominated employee representatives . \" Andy Soughton of the Unite union said talk of a site closure was a \" bit of a shock \" . \" We 've had quite a redundancies over the years , and work has dropped off a bit ,\" he said . \" I think people were expecting something to happen . But a closure . \" than 250 jobs were lost at GKN 's car manufacturing branch in Telford in Shropshire in August .", "Matthew Gillard , of Connsbrook Avenue in east Belfast , pleaded to charges including kidnapping and imprisonment . The defendant , 25 , denied charges of assault , assaulting a police officer and driving . The charges relate to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on Saturday 4 April . Newtownards Magistrates Court heard that the defendant and the woman were in his car in east Belfast he began questioning her about who she was seeing . A detective giving evidence in court said the woman tried to get out of the Seat Toledo car but the defendant drove off at speed , through a light on Bloomfield Avenue . the car stopped on the Belfast Road in Comber , the woman escaped along a lane but was carried to the car by the defendant , the court heard . An police sergeant saw this and went to help the woman . the sergeant tried to intervene , the defendant drove his car at the officer , forcing him to get out of the way . The sergeant was to pull the keys from the ignition through the car 's window , but the defendant wrenched them from his grasp . He drove to the Grand Parade area of east Belfast the woman was released . He is alleged to have sent the woman a message threatening that if she went to police about the incident he would \" ruin her life in every way \" . The court heard that the defendant handed himself over to police on Wednesday , despite being since Saturday that he was wanted by the PSNI . But during police interviews he refused to answer questions put to him . An application for bail was made but this was refused . Mr Gillard will appear in court on 1 May .", "The rock is an volcano that lies 260 miles ( 418km ) of the Western Isles and is 30m ( 100ft ) and 21m ( 70ft ) above the sea . The Nato documents report the UK claimed Rockall in 1955 . The government feared that it could be used by \" agents \" as a place to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range . A team of personnel was taken to Rockall by the Royal Navy in September 1955 to claim as UK territory . A Union Flag was raised and a plaque installed on the rock . In the documents , it says : \" This decision of the UK government was connected with the fact that the UK government had decided to set up a guided missile range in South Uist , in the Outer Hebrides . \" The island of Rockall was but this government wished to guard against the possibility of agents installing themselves on the island in order to observe the effects of the tests on the South Uist range . \" People have stayed on Rockall , though , in the past , including in 1997 three campaigners from Greenpeace managed to climb on to the rock . They lived on Rockall for 42 days and renamed it Waveland in protest at exploration of oil and gas reserves in the surrounding seabed . In 2014 , a Scots adventurer broke the record for occupying the North Atlantic rock . Adventurer Nick Hancock survived for 43 days , beating the record held by three Greenpeace campaigners who lived for 42 days . The time beat the record of 40 days set by Tom McClean in 1985 . Mr Hancock celebrated achieving the record by popping a bottle of champagne while sending a tweet with a message to adventurer Mr McClean , of Morar in the west Highlands . His message was : \" Sorry Tom . \"", "Sir Peter Blake received Liverpool 's Citizen of Honour at a ceremony at the city 's Liver building . The gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover entitled Everybody Razzle Dazzle . Sir Peter , who was born in Kent , said he hopes Liverpool people will accept him as an \" Scouser \" . Lord Mayor of Liverpool Roz Gladden said : \" Sir Peter has helped shape Liverpool 's significance on the stage for than five decades - from Sgt Pepper to Everybody Razzle Dazzle . \" His work with The Beatles was one of the moments in art in the Century and 50 years resonates around the world as we will see with our 50 Summers of Love programme . \" She said he had continued to make contributions to the life of the city \" underlining the depth of feeling he has for Liverpool and the city has for him \" . Sir Peter said : \" as my music links with the city , I 'm of my association with Liverpool Biennial and Tate Liverpool and hope to continue my relationship with the city . \" He said he treasures \" the warmth and humour of the people of Liverpool \" . Citizen of Honour awards were introduced in 2008 to recognise individuals who have enriched the image of Liverpool and its citizens . recipients include James Barton , founder of the nightclub brand Cream , and Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts film director David Yates . The Snowdrop ferry was to be returned to its paintwork at the end of 2016 but it has been extended until 2019 .", "The 25-year-old , who is 9ins , joined the Minstermen from Tranmere Rovers on a deal in May , but has made five appearances . Mooney 's stint in football in England was at Wycombe and he spent time at Conference North side Oxford City before joining Tranmere . He is for Alfreton 's game against Welling United on Saturday .", "Its forecast is for the gap between spending and taxes to be a deficit of \u00a3 7bn in 2019-20 , compared with the Office for Budget Responsibility 's forecast made at the budget for a surplus of \u00a3 7bn . Its projection may be seen as a embarrassment for the Tories , given that unlike Labour and the Liberal Democrats they are to generating a surplus on the budget . a part of the forecasting difference between the IMF and the OBR is that the IMF assumes there will be a minority government after the election and spending will be a bit than the Tories' plan . a Tory put a face on the IMF 's disagreement with the OBR and said it showed the risks of voters giving them a mandate . that is the story , in that the IMF believes the OBR is being a bit about growth and tax revenues in the years of the parliament . In truth the IMF is highlighting that whoever leads the government may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending a bit than planned . This may represent a headache for the Tories than Labour or the LibDems given that in the days the Tories have committed themselves to \u00a3 6bn of tax cuts and \u00a3 8bn of increased spending on the NHS , without saying the money for these giveaways would come from . In fact yesterday a Tory pointed to the OBR 's projected surplus for 2019 / 20 and said that would cover ( ) the NHS commitment . Well the IMF today says that \u00a3 7bn surplus is a chimera . All that said , the IMF forecast is a million miles from being for any party : the difference between a \u00a3 7bn deficit and \u00a3 7bn surplus in 2020 is 0.6 % of GDP or income - which is a rounding error in the context of a deficit that was a 10 % of GDP five years .", "Raworth and Michelle Ackerley , a reporter on the BBC One consumer show , will join Matt Allwright and Chris Hollins its series begins month . Anne Robinson 's departure from Watchdog after 12 years on the programme was announced this month . Raworth 's addition to the line-up comes than 30 years after her completing work experience on the show . \" Watchdog is the reason I got into television ,\" she said . \" After doing two weeks work experience on the programme I was 16 , I was to become a journalist . \" I 've presented Watchdog Daily and Test House for the three years . I 'm to have been asked to join Matt , Chris and Michelle for the series . It feels like I 've come circle . \" Ackerley joined the BBC in 2005 and has reported for Watchdog and the Crimewatch Roadshow . \" I 'm about uncovering and investigating stories and to work with Matt , Chris and Sophie ,\" she said . \" I 'm to be part of such a team . \" The series of Watchdog starts on 8 October .", "A report published by the corporation showed licence money spending had a effect for economies . The expenditure over the period came to \u00a3 4.3bn , which led to a value-added ( GVA ) boost to the economy of \u00a3 8.3bn . , spending in London was three times the rest of the UK combined . The report said : \" The effect of BBC spending is ' multiplied ' as it ripples through the economy from region to region and sector to sector ( and to the employees of those sectors ) . This is known as the ' multiplier effect '.\" The BBC 's and policy adviser Najma Rajah explained : \" The premise is that the BBC spends a pound , the impact of that pound is ' multiplied ' as that pound spent by the BBC creates value in the economy . \" , for example , if the BBC were to buy a camera from a supplier in Manchester , the camera supplier would receive some money in return for the camera . \" The camera company would use the income generated from the sale of the camera to pay their suppliers for the components that went into the camera and to pay their employees and . \" Rajah added : \" A example of this multiplier effect works is the BBC commissions a programme that is made by an television production . \" The programme might be filmed in Scotland using runners , electricians , make-up artists etc . who are paid and will spend their wages in Scotland to the benefit of the economy . \" The report revealed growth in the north of England following the opening of the BBC North headquarters in Salford Quays , with GVA growing 19.7 % to \u00a3 391m . But in the Midlands , it fell 21.7 % to \u00a3 199m , while the south was 18.8 % to \u00a3 699m and Wales dropped 6.2 % to \u00a3 276m . London saw the expenditure of \u00a3 2.98bn - three times as the rest of the UK combined - which in turn generated \u00a3 5.65bn GVA . John Tate , the BBC 's director of policy and strategy , used the findings of the report to call on Ofcom to reverse its plans for a spectrum tax on broadcasters next year . In a blog post he wrote : \" The benefit of the licence fee provides an reason for Ofcom to think before it implements a spectrum tax year : a levy on the spectrum broadcasters use to transmit their programmes . \" as hitting licence fee payers , such a tax would remove cash from the UK 's sector . \"", "Security assistance has been withheld since 2011 , the Gulf state put down protests . But US State Department spokesman John Kirby said that Bahrain had made progress on rights , including the release of prisoners . Bahrain is home to the US Navy 's fleet and has flown airstrike missions over Syria as part of the coalition against Islamic State ( IS ) . \" We believe it is to recognise that the government of Bahrain has made some progress on rights reforms and reconciliation ,\" State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a statement . He added that this did mean that the US thought the rights situation in Bahrain was . \" Following the lift of these holds , we will continue to press Bahrain on our rights concerns ,\" Mr Kirby said . He gave no details about what the security assistance would entail . The move was criticised by rights groups . Sarah Margon , the Washington director of Human Rights Watch , said that the decision to lift restrictions was taking place without any \" or reform \" in Bahrain . She said in a statement that \" Bahrain 's jails are bursting at the seams with detainees and the prison sentence for opposition leader , al-Wefaq secretary general Sheikh Ali Salman , means that a accommodation remains as . \" in June , Sheikh Salman was jailed for four years for inciting hatred , promoting disobedience and \" insulting \" institutions . demonstrations against Bahrain 's Sunni monarchy have occurred since 2011 . Dozens died the government moved to quash protests four years .", "The ticket for the Grosvenor in Norwich was bought for seven shillings and sixpence and signed at the gig by John Lennon and Ringo Starr . It states the band were supported at the venue on Prince of Wales Road by band Ricky Lee and the Hucklebucks . The ticket is being auctioned by Bonhams on 3 July . At the time of the gig The Beatles were celebrating their number one single From Me To You , which stayed at the top of the singles chart for seven weeks . Bonhams said if the ticket contained the signatures of Paul McCartney and George Harrison , it would have been nearer \u00a3 4,000 .", "Keith Davies , 56 , from Troedyrhiw , has been seen since he left his home at 12:00 GMT on Saturday . South Wales Police had appealed for information following his disappearance . On Monday , the force confirmed a body has been found but has been identified . Mr Davies' family has been informed .", "Red Bull motorsport boss Helmut Marko told Germany 's Bild newspaper : \" The idea of Mercedes is finished . We are focusing . \" Team principal Christian Horner said he was doing \" diligence \" in talking to manufacturers . With their partnership with Renault disintegrating , the team may be forced to switch to Ferrari engines . Mercedes are understood to be against supplying Red Bull - who are contracted to Renault until 2016 - because they do want to help a rival become . Media playback is supported on this device The giant is about what it and F1 insiders perceive to be Red Bull 's history of relationships with engine partners . Red Bull 's relationship with Renault has been for some time , and appears to have become in months as the team 's frustrations with the lack of competitiveness of the engine boil over . Honda is the manufacturer in F1 , but partner McLaren would exercise their veto over any deal with Red Bull , who in any case are believed to be in a deal with the company at this stage . Renault , which supplies Red Bull and sister team Toro Rosso in F1 , is in the stages of negotiations to take over the troubled Lotus team , although no deal has been completed . Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene said the company was to supply Red Bull if . He said he was about their reputation for being to build chassis in F1 , led by their design chief Adrian Newey . Arrivabene said : \" In theory they have names , with Newey as designer and it is to think that if you give them the engine they will build a chassis , which means they will be . \" Concerning my team , my engineers and aerodynamicists know their jobs . For that reason I do have a problem , and competition is you have a competitor . \" This does mean tomorrow morning we will give our engines to Red Bull or Toro Rosso . \" But I do see any kind of problem to give our engine to any team or be of the competition before they start . \" This is the spirit of competition or what Ferrari represents . We fight with everybody . \"", "The \" call for sites \" forms part of the stage of a review of the island 's planning strategy . The department has stressed that no guarantees will be given as to development can take place , but it wants to assess the potential . Islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications . The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan . Two areas have been deemed for development in Guernsey . These are St Peter Port and St Sampson / Vale , which have been developed . There are 10 areas which are under consideration as \" centres \" , development will be encouraged in order to provide housing and employment opportunities . submissions relating to these areas will be considered . Details of and submissions will be published in the review , meaning there will be no confidentiality than in respect of contact details . Information about the consultation and the submission form required have been made on the department 's section of the States website .", "The Highland village 's Ruthven Road is mentioned in a line in the film delivered by Janet de Vigne , from Edinburgh . De Vigne 's appearance at the screening will mark the launch of film nights in Kingussie . The village does have a cinema , but will hold the events in a hotel . Holding film nights was suggested during an festival celebrating movies . Organiser Iona Malcolm said : \" This was all born at the Kingussie Food on Film Festival a survey was carried out into interest in a film night in Kingussie . \" The reaction was , . \" Directed by Danny Boyle , Slumdog Millionaire won eight Oscars in 2009 .", "Division One leaders Middlesex , who were bowled out for 381 at Taunton to lead by 145 , looked in charge they reduced Somerset to 59-3 and 126-4 . But Trescothick , who made 124 , and Trego , on 115 , shared 181 to leave the contest in the balance . Somerset closed on 348-6 , an advantage of 203 runs . On a surface that has become for batting as the game has progressed , the outcome seems to rest on the length of time Trego spends at the crease on the day . Somerset would want to post a target in excess of 250 , while anything would leave Middlesex as favourites . That the home side , who at one stage looked set to be defeated inside three days , are in with a shout is to Trescothick and Trego . Opener Trescothick had seen Johann Myburgh bowled offering no shot to Harry Podmore and captain Chris Rogers shovel the bowler to point for a duck . After James Hildreth was caught at slip from the off-spin of Ollie Rayner , Trescothick found some support from James Allenby , but he mistimed a pull to mid-on , Somerset were 19 . But Trescothick , playing cover drives , and Trego , who capitalised as the Middlesex bowlers dropped , compiled their stand to drag the hosts into it . Trescothick 's Somerset hundred took him past Sir Viv Richards to on the list , while Trego completed his ton . James Harris found some energy did he have both Trescothick and Craig Overton caught , leaving Alex Barrow to accompany Trego to the . Harris was the Middlesex wicket to fall , caught at slip off Tim Groenewald for 78 , missing a hundred , like James Fuller , who fell to the combination for 93 .", "Lights went off as Ramon Lobo , a lawmaker , defended the energy policies of President Nicolas Maduro , reports said . Opposition MP Luis Florido quipped on Twitter : \" The country 's reality has hit them in the face . \" The session was suspended . Venezuela faces a electricity crisis and shortages are . Reports said buildings in the area of the capital , Caracas , were hit by power cuts , on Wednesday afternoon . Venezuela 's National Assembly is controlled by the opposition . Delsa Solorzano , an opposition MP , tweeted a video of the chamber in the dark . MP Freddy Guevara , from the opposition , said : \" What a shame : the parliament session was interrupted because the energy went off . on the day we 're discussing the energy sector law . \" Venezuela is in the middle of a crisis caused by a drop in oil prices . The country is suffering from a shortage of goods , food and electricity . this year , the government introduced power rationing and a working week for sector workers as ways to tackle the crisis . It said a drought , which reduced water levels at its dam , was to blame . But the opposition accused authorities of mismanagement . Some of the measures have been lifted .", "Prop Mako Vunipola , 25 , and brother Billy , started their careers at Thornbury Rugby Club . Both have become England regulars since joining Saracens , with Mako winning 29 caps and Billy 23 . They were both junior members at the club on the outskirts of Bristol in South Gloucestershire . Roy Black , who was chairman of Thornbury RFC at the time , said they were \" lads \" they were 11 or 12 and caused the opposition \" a lot of problems \" \" If you saw them in Thornbury and they were walking to the club or to school they 'd have a rugby ball in their hand and throwing it from one side of the road to the over the traffic ,\" he said . Mr Black recounted the time Lloyd Spacey , their PE teacher at Castle School , was knocked to the ground by Mako after asking him \" did he play rugby \" . \" Mako grunted ' yes ' , Lloyd picked up a tackle bag and Mako ran through him he was 13 ,\" Mr Black said .", "Emma Morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy . She was the person born in the 1800s living . She had attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day , two of them . Ms Morano was the of eight siblings , all of whom she has outlived . She died at her home in the city of Verbania . Her life spanned three centuries but survived an marriage , the loss of her son , two World Wars and than 90 governments . Ms Morano had admitted that her longevity was to genetics : her mother reached 91 and sisters reached their centenary . But it was to a diet of three eggs - two - each day for than 90 years . It was a regime she took up as a woman , after the doctor diagnosed her with anaemia after World War One . She had cut down to two eggs a day , and a biscuits . Her doctor of 27 years , Carlo Bava , had told AFP news agency that she ate vegetables or fruit . \" I met her , she ate three eggs per day , two raw in the morning and an omelette at noon , and chicken at dinner . \" Ms Morano credited her longevity to her decision , in 1938 , to kick out her husband - a year after her baby boy died at six months . The marriage had been , she said . She had been in love with a boy who was killed during World War One , and had no interest in marrying someone . But , she told La Stampa newspaper in an interview she was a 112 that she was left with choice . \" He told me : ' If you 're you marry me , or I 'll kill you ' . I was 26 years . I got married . \" , it became . Though they separated in 1938 , they remained until he died in 1978 . Ms Morano , who worked until she was 75 , chose to marry . \" I did want to be dominated by anyone ,\" she told the New York Times . She had taken on a carer a couple of years - but had left her apartment for 20 years . According to the US-based Gerontology Research Group ( GRG ) , the world 's being is Violet Brown , who was born on March 10 , 1900 .", "Owens' team suffered a record defeat as they conceded nine tries in a 64-14 Champions Cup hammering in Paris . With New Zealand 's World Rugby player of the year Dan Carter kicking six goals and organising the demolition , Wales international Owens believes Racing will be to beat . \" It 's to stop a side like Racing - they 've got the package ,\" said Owens . \" They are the team in Europe . \" Saracens in England are , playing stuff . But I think Racing , with the squad they 've got , the calibre of player and the variations in their game , have the edge . \" Racing beat Scarlets 29-12 in Llanelli in November , before World Cup winner Carter made his debut for the club . \" They had a mindset we played them - they were to live off our mistakes ,\" Owens continued . \" But today they upped the tempo and brought the game to us and they have improved . \" Carter coming in , plenty of experience , a ball-player , organising the backs - he 's made a difference to their line . \" He allows players to play off him and his organisation - you could hear him talking - he 's a asset to any team . He 's the player in the world and it shows . \" , head coach Wayne Pivac was with his team 's discipline at Stade Yves du Manoir . Scarlets were under pressure , but had stood up to Racing 's power before the region 's row Maselino Paulino was shown a card for a tackle on Yannick Nyanga in Racing territory . And within five minutes , Scarlets wing DTH van der Merwe followed the Samoan into the sin-bin for a tip tackle . At that point the score was 10-0 , but by the time Van der Merwe returned , Scarlets trailed 31-0 . \" Twenty-one points came ,\" Pivac said . \" Look , they are a class side it 's 15 on 15 , let taking one and two players , so that did hurt us . \" I was with our discipline in that part of the game . \" Scarlets have lost all five of their European Champions Cup matches this season - with the visit of Northampton Saints to come .", "The scores were at the break with Theo Fages and Matty Smith crossing for the visitors and Alex Mellor and Patrick Ah Van going over for Widnes . Saints took the lead Mark Percival kicked a penalty , after the Vikings had been penalised for offside . That looked to be the score , but the hosts made their pressure tell Ah Van crashed over . The New Zealander 's try of the night gave the hosts a home win of the season , and they are one point off Huddersfield . Victory will ease some of the pressure on coach Denis Betts , but his team did it the way . They were the team in the half but went at the break after errors contributed to them failing to add to their 12 points . Saints had a Luke Thompson try ruled out by the video ref at 14-12 , before Ah Van 's score gave Widnes a two points . Widnes : Hanbury , Thompson , Bridge , Runciman , Ah Van , Mellor , Gilmore , Dudson , Johnstone , Buchanan , Houston , Dean , Gerrard . Replacements : Whitley , Burke , J. Chapelhow , D. Walker . St Helens : Bailey , Swift , Fleming , Percival , Grace , Fages , Smith , Richards , Lee , Amor , Taia , Wilkin , Thompson . Replacements : McCarthy-Scarsbrook , Walmsley , Peyroux , Knowles . Whitehaven v Halifax in the Challenge Cup round is on Sunday , 23 April on Connected TV and from 14:55 BST , along with text commentary .", "Ashley Brace , from Ebbw Vale , Blaenau Gwent , could compete at the Commonwealth Games because of her kickboxing past . She said she was with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association ( WABA ) . Chairman David Francis said the organisation did all it could to help . The Association of International Boxing Associations ( AIBA ) said Brace was to compete for Team Wales because she had competed in kickboxing in the past , which she denied . Organisers of the kickboxing tournaments she competed in have confirmed she did on an basis . A rule states any boxer returning from another contact sport should apply to an committee to become to box . Brace said she was told about the paperwork , which had to be submitted by WABA , and felt the association let her down . She trains at Bristol Boxing Gym and has her fight in Newport on 30 October . She added : \" I would go to Team Wales after this , because if you do have confidence in the people who are supposed to be fighting your corner , at the end of day , what 's the point ? \" Mr Francis said the incident was \" \" .", "Djokovic won 6-3 7-5 in a commanding performance . The 29-year-old , who has won seven titles this year , has beaten the Japanese on nine occasions . Djokovic , who was beaten in the round at Wimbledon by Sam Querrey , will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics . \" I do need to explain that every athlete dreams of being a part of the Olympic Games ,\" he said . \" I 'm competing in singles and doubles . \" I 'll get one medal . \"", ", the Bairns boss has underlined that any signing will need to exhibit quality than two of his promising youngsters . \" If I bring another striker in he 's got to be than Botti Bia-Bi and Scott Shepherd ,\" said Houston . \" I would be looking for the type , and another defender would come in . \" Eighteen-year-old Bia-Bi , a Scot who has progressed through Falkirk 's academy , glanced in a header against Cowdenbeath on Saturday to ensure Houston 's side left Central Park with a point . The Dundee United manager stated in no terms that he wants to \" eradicate \" the errors that allowed Cowdenbeath to lead in their Championship game of the season . Houston labelled \" picking up runners \" as the problem for conceding the goal and a \" mix-up \" as the reason Bairn Sean Higgins gave the Blue Brazil a . An \" \" Rory Loy strike and Bia-Bi 's header kept Falkirk on level terms . \" To score a header like that is the thing ,\" added Houston . \" He put it in the corner so credit to him . \" He made an impact he came on and he might be a run from the start . up for the Bairns is the visit of Rangers on Friday .", "Swansea University 's Dr Neil Loader and Emeritus Prof Alayne Street-Perrott , are among a team who have found earthworks , 2,000 years . The discoveries were made in Acre state in the Amazon . Researchers from the universities of Exeter and Reading , and Brazil 's S\u00c3 \u00a3 o Paulo , Bel\u00c3 \u00a9 m are part of the team . Their research investigated ditched enclosures which were concealed for centuries by rainforest until deforestation allowed the discovery of than 450 \" geoglyphs \" . The team said the function of these sites is understood . They are to be villages , since archaeologists have recovered artefacts during excavation , and their layout does suggest they were built for reasons . it is thought they were used , as ritual gathering places , to the Maya pyramids of Central America , or Britain 's Stonehenge . Although Dr Loader - who has analysed soil samples from the geoglyphs - said the surroundings in which they were built were to sites around the world . He looked at phytoliths - a type of plant fossil made of silica - to reconstruct vegetation ; charcoal quantities , to assess the amount of forest burning ; and carbon stable isotopes , to indicate the type of vegetation growing in the past . \" The indications are that the geoglyphs were constructed amongst vegetation . , unlike the towering Maya pyramids of Central America , they were above the forest canopy , and this raises questions about their purpose ,\" he explained . It had been assumed to the arrival of Europeans in the Century , the forests had been ecosystems , from influence . But the research indicates a variety of plant species spread over 6,000 years , which could have been brought by humans . It suggested of burning tracts of forest - either for geoglyph construction or practices - people transformed their environment by concentrating on trees as palms . The team have likened it to a form of \" supermarket \" of forest products . They said there is \" tantalizing evidence \" to suggest the biodiversity of some of Acre 's remaining forests may retain a legacy of these \" agroforestry \" practices to this day .", "Two of the songs come from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha , which was a Broadway smash in the 1960s . \" as I am concerned , Don Quixote is the character that I know ,\" the Hobbit star said . \" handed , he is trying to change the world , of any consequences . It is a character to sing . \" The album includes an version of Frank Sinatra 's My Way - written by Paul Anka - which Lee released in 2006 . \" My Way is a song ,\" said the star in a YouTube preview . \" It is to sing because you 've got to convince people that what you 're singing about is the truth . \" Sir Christopher launched his singing career in the 1990s , with an album of Broadway tunes , including I Stole The Prince from Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Gondoliers , and Epiphany from Sweeney Todd . In 2010 , his album Charlemagne : By the Sword and the Cross , which told the story of the Holy Roman Emperor won a Spirit of Metal Award from Metal Hammer magazine . His release , Metal Knight , is a collaboration with metal band , Rhapsody Of Fire . \" I associate metal with fantasy because of the power that the music delivers ,\" he has said . The actor is known for his appearances as Dracula , as playing Scaramanga in The Man With The Golden Gun , Saruman in Lord Of The Rings , and Count Dooku in the Star Wars prequels . year , he was presented with a fellowship from the British Film Institute .", "Allardyce took charge of the Black Cats in October they were in their eight matches , but guided them to and safety . \" I do want to go through that ,\" he told BBC Newcastle . Allardyce added that he plans to discuss transfer targets with owner Ellis Short in the days . Sunderland survived with a game to spare after victory over Everton with Allardyce describing it as a \" achievement . \" the West Ham and Bolton boss , who has been relegated , says the club must learn from its mistakes this campaign . \" Our season has been a one . I do want to go through that - that 's the thing for me , to put myself through what I did to get we are today ,\" he added . \" The turnaround has given me satisfaction . It has made me forget about it was , and we have to make it does happen . \" Sunderland ended the season with one defeat in 11 games , and were in their six . Allardyce plans to discuss summer signings with Short he is from a mini-break - a meeting that \" will be one of importance \" according to the the 61-year-old . \" We will have a couple of days and see what the situation is ,\" Allardyce said . \" I ca look or see in to the future . It looks but until we need to get down and talk about it . we can move . \"", "He retained his position with 41,337 votes , of Conservative Matthew Vickers , who received 25,229 . Those figures were a total of and preference votes as there was no winner with 50 per cent after the round . The turnout was 79,829 - 19.73 % of the electorate , which was 5 % from the 2012 election . Candidates standing in Cleveland Constabulary are listed . Candidates are listed by surname . BBC News App users : tap to see the candidates . information is on the Choose my PCC website .", "Her Majesty , who had been staying at the Palace of Holyroodhouse , popped into the Sheep Heid in Duddingston on Friday . The Monarch had been at Musselburgh Racecourse 's birthday celebrations . She is seen eating out at restaurants , but the Sheep Heid Inn has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s . In 1580 , King James VI of Scotland gifted the landlord an ram 's head snuff box . It is believed he , and his mother Mary Queen of Scots , stopped by the inn times to play skittles in the courtyard . As a mark of gratitude he presented the landlord with the gift which remained on site for 300 years before being sold at auction to the Earl of Rosebery . A Sheep Heid spokesman said : \" I can confirm the Queen was . \" He refused to give details on what she ordered . , it has been reported that the Queen and her companions enjoyed two portions of lamb and a fillet of seabass .", "Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton was convicted of killing Jennifer Laude in a hotel room in Olongapo city , north-west of Manila , year . Pemberton will face between six and 12 years imprisonment . The case has strained ties between the US and the Philippines , a US colony the Americans have a presence . The marine was on leave in Olongapo on 11 October 2014 , after exercises with the army , he met Ms Laude in a bar . Police said they left and checked into a hotel , she was found the day , strangled and with her head inside the hotel toilet . Pemberton had testified in court that he had attacked Ms Laude after he realised she was , but said she was he left the room . The prosecution had argued Pemberton should be convicted of murder , but the court downgraded this to homicide . Pemberton was ordered to pay 4.5 million pesos ($ 95,350 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 63,140 ) to Ms Laude 's family . Ms Laude 's sister , Malou , told Reuters news agency : \" We expected a murder conviction but got homicide . We are with the decision . \" Pemberton will be detained in a jail until the Philippine and US governments agree on he should be held during his prison term . The case has led to calls from groups for the Philippines to end its agreements with the US . Under the agreement , the Philippines can prosecute US personnel but the US retains custody over them \" from the commission of the offence until completion of all proceedings \" , the Associated Press reports .", "Evidence of suspected match-fixing in tennis was revealed this week by a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation . \" players will see the headlines and see it 's an option ,\" doubles Fleming told BBC Scotland on Wednesday . \" I think if anyone is found to be doing it , that should be them . They should be playing . \" Fleming , 31 , and his partner Jonathan Erlich , were beaten 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 in the round of the Australian Open on Wednesday by Robin Haase and Fernando Verdasco . \" The thing about sport is that it 's , you do know the outcome of any given match , and that 's what people pay to come and watch ,\" he added . \" You know what 's going to happen . That 's and they have to preserve that . \" I 've been approached to take money or anything to fix a match or lose a match . It does go on because people have been banned at levels . I 'm to see the article come out and talk about levels ; I have been of anything going on . \" The Scot said he had no idea as to the identity of the suspected match-fixers , and suggested funding could be granted to the Tennis Integrity Unit ( TIU ) , set-up to police the sport . \" Your guess is as mine ,\" he said of those involved . \" There were no names in the article because it 's to prove anything . I think that 's the issue the TIU has in that a match can be reported or look , but it does mean players are . \" It can be people throwing money on a match . \" Fleming was , , that no activities were occurring in Melbourne . \" I think if you 're sitting at home or buying a ticket to come and watch at the Aussie Open , I 've no doubt in my mind you 're watching sporting theatre ,\" he said . \" Players going at it and the player winning on that day . There 's no doubt in my mind that is the case . \"", "Pte Manning , known as Bradley , was sentenced to 35 years in prison for leaking a trove of US documents . After the conviction , she announced the desire to live as a woman . , the US military prohibits people from serving in the military . Rear Admiral John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , confirmed to the New York Times that Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel had approved a request from the Army to \" evaluate treatment options for inmates diagnosed with dysphoria \" . The Associated Press news agency reported the US military was weighing a transfer to prison , citing Pentagon sources . But on Wednesday , Rear Adm Kirby said no decision had been been made . \" Any decision will , of course , balance the soldier 's needs with our obligation to ensure Pte Manning remains behind bars ,\" he said . A judge in Leavenworth , Kansas , approved Pte Manning 's name change request month , a move the military did oppose . Pte Manning has been diagnosed by doctors times with gender dysphoria , the sense of one 's gender being at odds with the sex assigned at birth . But she has requested treatment , including hormone therapy , and the ability to live as a woman . According to a complaint filed by Pte Manning 's lawyer , a doctor at Fort Leavenworth - she is being held - had approved a treatment plan by November 2013 . But it was delayed as it was sent up the chain of command for consideration . The US military is required to treat diagnosed disorders of its soldiers but its policy allows dismissal of people . Mr Hagel has said the policy on soldiers \" should be reviewed \" . \" Every American who wants to serve our country should have an opportunity if they fit the qualifications and can do it ,\" Mr Hagel said on Monday , but he did say if he believed it should be overturned . Despite this policy , a study by a US university estimated there were 15,000 people serving in the US forces . Pte Manning will be discharged from the military until she finishes her sentence . A judge denied a clemency request . Transfers from prisons to Federal Bureau of Prisons facilities are , but they are done after the inmate has been discharged from the military .", "Watson , 22 , was seeded in the tournament but lost 7-5 6-2 to the world number 101 in Seoul . The number one , ranked 46 in the world , converted one of seven break points in the set and the American dominated the set . Watson 's departure comes than a month after her defeat in sets at the US Open .", "McClean , who was released by Nottingham Forest , was on trial with the Perth outfit in the weeks of the 2016-17 campaign . And the midfielder has signed a one year deal at McDiarmid Park . Manager Tommy Wright told the club 's website : \" I was with Kyle in his trial and he will go into the team squad . \" McClean has been included in Northern Ireland 's squad for their Euro Under-21 qualifier in Estonia on Thursday . St Johnstone finished in the Premiership in 2016-17 and go into the Europa League qualifiers this month . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "30 December 2016 updated at 17:39 GMT In the decade they 've bought up Pixar , Marvel and Lucas Films which owned The Star Wars empire - leading to suggestions that they are that they have colonised childhoods . Children 's author Michael Rosen says Disney can reinvent itself \" like the Royal Family \" . He told Radio 4 's The World at One that Disney has been at selling itself by doing things \" in an way \" .", "Figures from the university admissions service , Ucas , show it was the number for five years . Students placed through clearing tend to be those who did get the grades for their courses . But a dip in university applications has left universities looking to fill places than . There have been reports of some leading universities offering places through clearing . This year 's figure is double the number of students placed through the system at the point five years . , 437,070 students have been accepted on to university courses - the majority getting the grades for their chosen places of study . This is 1.3 % on the point year , Ucas figures show . About 134,840 students are registered as looking for places in clearing . Since 2013 , universities have been to recruit numbers of students who achieved grades in their A-levels . It comes after the proportion of candidates awarded grades rose on year . Ucas executive Clare Marchant said with 45,000 courses looking for students there was a amount of choice .", "investors have been blamed for driving up the cost of estate in Toronto and Vancouver . Hurt by failing oil prices , Canada 's ailing economy has become a issue as the country elects leadership . Mr Harper said that 15 % of condos in Vancouver are being lived in . \" If , buyers are driving up the cost of estate and families are shut out of the market , that is a matter we can and should do something about ,\" said Mr Harper said , who was campaigning in Vancouver on Wednesday . While home prices in the country 's interior have fallen , prices have remained in Toronto and Vancouver . The price of a home in Vancouver - the country 's market - is than $ 1 million ( \u00c2 \u00a3 640,000 ) . Harper 's Conservative Party said it was looking into restrictions on homeownership that have been put in place by countries . Australia limits the ability of buyers to purchase existing homes for investment , and allow investment resulting in home construction . If , Mr Harper said the government will take action in coordination with the provinces to make investment \" supports the availability and affordability of homes for Canadians . \" His administration announced that Canadians will be permitted to withdraw $ 35,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 17,241 ) of $ 25,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 12,315 ) from retirement accounts to purchase their homes .", "Harry Maceachen , from Shrewsbury , was born with a disease and had the transplant on Thursday . His father Simon donated part of his liver after no match was found from the organ donor register . Grandmother Alison Price , a theatre sister , said : \" The consultants are with their progress . \" She said it had been a \" , 12 months \" , adding : \" The operations were . Everything is going on according to plan .... the consultants are with their progress . \" Harry was born with atresia , which meant he had blocked bile ducts . He had a transplant before his birthday but that liver had begun to fail , a one was required . Harry underwent the operation on Thursday at Birmingham Children 's Hospital and Mr Maceachen was operated on at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in the city . His grandmother said : \" I used to look after him ( Harry ) three days a week his mother went to teaching and he got to know me . \" I think we 've got a bond . He was born on my birthday . \" She said Harry 's brother , Sam , has been \" behaved \" . \" It 's for him . It 's the time he 's been from his mother for as this and he misses Harry , as we all do . \" She added : \" It 's with the support ( the family have ) had and the support we 've had as grandparents . \" The family 's pulled and they have a lot of friends . \"", "Alice Pyne , 17 , of Ulverston , died of Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2013 after publishing her wish list . Haley McTaggart , 33 , admitted getting her charity Alice 's Escapes to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,000 for her to go on a trek to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania . McTaggart admitted fraud and was jailed for 10 months suspended for two years . The court heard McTaggart sold raffle tickets for a raffle and handed over the money . She told the charity that she was to transfer money after the trip to Tanzania . Sentencing McTaggart , Recorder John Corless said she had committed an \" and \" offence . Alice 's Escapes was founded in 2012 by Miss Payne who 16 at the time . The teenager wanted to provide holidays in Cumbria for children and their families . The item on her bucket list was the hope that everyone in the UK would sign up as a bone marrow donor , an aspiration which Prime Minister David Cameron praised in the House of Commons . It is estimated that 40,000 people signed up as donors as a result of her appeal . Miss Pyne and her sister Milly raised than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 .", "America Luke Richardson sent 4,000 messages to a girl from Essex and met her in a hotel , Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said . The 22-year-old had been dismissed by the force after he stole uniform and visited schools without authorisation . Richardson , of Salford , was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court . He was given a harm prevention order and will be on the sex register for life . He admitted six counts of activity with a child , one of grooming and one of taking photographs of a child . GMP suspended Richardson in January 2014 after finding he had \" used his role \" while entering a school without authorisation on an patrol . But , after removing his uniform and warrant card from him , Richardson was found to have gone to a form college while wearing police uniform . On searching his home , officers found a quantity of police uniform to the value of \u00c2 \u00a3 970 and arrested him on suspicion of theft . allegations of contact with children prompted a investigation in September 2015 . Richardson 's confiscated phone and computer revealed 4,000 messages had been sent to a girl in Essex . She revealed they had met up in a hotel booked by Richardson . He was charged with a number of offences and remanded in custody before being dismissed in April . Supt Mark Kenny said : \" I am that America Luke Richardson is off the streets and to harm any girls . \" We are continuing to investigate the possibility that Richardson may have victims and we are appealing for anyone who may have been approached by him , or in person , to come and speak to police . \"", "The company said the agreement included a guarantee that a conductor would be retained as the member of staff on board trains being rolled out year . The dispute led to days of strikes over the summer . action was suspended this month for talks . ScotRail said the RMT would present the proposal to its members in a vote . The company said discussions had taken place with Aslef , the train drivers' union , and a agreement reached . The RMT said it would make its position once the proposed deal has been discussed by its executive on Tuesday . ScotRail Alliance managing director Phil Verster said : \" I am that we have reached an agreement with the RMT and Aslef unions that , if agreed , will bring this dispute to an end . \" This will end the uncertainty for our people and our customers , and will allow us to concentrate on delivering the service for Scotland , every day . \" What we have put forward in our proposal will make our service and while maintaining and enhancing the service we provide to our customers . \" It means that the , , trains that will arrive in autumn year will be a revolution in we deliver our service . \" An RMT spokesman said : \" After hours at the negotiating table , and a period of and action involving our members , RMT 's team will be reporting to the unions executive tomorrow the details will be considered in . \" A statement will be issued by the union after that meeting . \"", "The humpback has been seen at Pettycur Bay , Kinghorn in Fife . sightings are in Scotland , but a whale up the Forth estuary is a lot . Police Scotland is warning boat owners to keep a distance from the whale . Lindsay Kerr , Police Scotland wildlife liaison officer , said : \" This is a opportunity for wildlife watchers and tourism but it is that the health and well-being of the animals is considered at all times . \" The Forth estuary is to changes and any disturbance to the visiting whale could cause risk of it becoming and moving into water and becoming stranded by a outgoing tide . \" Legislation is in place to protect these mammals . Please enjoy this occurrence but do show respect to the whales and be of the protection afforded to them . \" I recommend boat and vessel owners follow the Wildlife Safe ( WiSe ) scheme . In this case , and users should make any attempts to approach or pursue the whale . \" The scheme , which is a UK standard for wildlife watching , includes a code of conduct and sets out practice for wildlife watching . \" species as dolphins , porpoises and whales are protected by wildlife legislation including the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 . Under the Act , it is an offence to or disturb them .", "Panthers kept alive their title hopes and closed the gap on leaders Devils to four points . Two goals from Matthew Myers put Panthers in control before Joey Martin replied . Franklin MacDonald , Geoff Waugh and Evan Mosey 's two goals secured the win . The sides meet in the Challenge Cup final at the Sheffield Arena on Sunday .", "Williams was the woman to be named Miss America in 1983 but resigned after a magazine published photos of her without her consent . \" I want to apologise for anything that was said or done ,\" said Miss America CEO Sam Haskell . A Williams called the statement \" \" and \" \" . 52 , she has forged a career as an actress , with roles in Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives . She scored a hit in 1992 with the ballad Save the for ; and her recording of Colors of the Wind from Disney 's Pocahontas soundtrack earned her a Golden Globe , a Grammy and an Oscar for song . The New Yorker won Miss America in September 1983 but , months , the pageant 's committee voted to request that she resign after Penthouse magazine published photographs she had posed for years , Williams remains the title-holder who was asked to resign in the pageant 's history . She was invited to the competition this year by Chairman Sam Haskell , who asked her to serve as head judge . Before the competition started , he invited her on stage to receive the apology . \" I have been a friend to this and lady for 32 years ,\" he told the audience . \" You have lived your life in grace and dignity , and was it than during the events of 1984 you resigned . \" Though none of us in the organization were involved , on behalf of today 's organization , I want to apologize to you and to your mother , Miss Helen Williams . \" He continued : \" I want to apologize for anything that was said or done that made you feel any than the Miss America you are and the Miss America you will be . \" The audience gave Williams a standing ovation and TV coverage showed her mother on the verge of tears . \" Thank you , Sam , but ,\" said the actress . \" I did the that I could as Miss America in 1983 to 84 ,\" she said . \" On behalf of my family , my mother in ; [ publicist ] Brian Edwards , who orchestrated this thing to bring me ; and your leadership , your integrity and you bringing this pageant to what it ought to be . I love you . I love the girls . And I 'm to be . \" Williams returned to her seat and helped select the Miss America - 21-year-old Betty Cantrell of Georgia .", "The decommissioned Type 22 frigates HMS Cumberland , HMS Campbeltown , HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are moored in Portsmouth Harbour . Bidders had until 23 January to register an interest in the ships . The BBC understands no proposals to preserve the ships have been submitted . Those who have registered an interest are finalising their bids with viewings set to take place in February and March . A decision is expected until the spring . The government 's Disposal Services Authority , which is handling the sale , wants to award one of the frigates to a UK ship recycler to determine the capacity of the UK 's industry in the field . Penny Mordaunt , Conservative MP for Portsmouth North , said it was UK recyclers had the chance to prove themselves in the field but she was to see at one of them saved from the scrapyard . She added : \" For anyone that has served on a ship it 's your home , you 've been through the wars with it ... and you want them to have a life . \" My preference is to go for the reef and diving attraction . \" We 've got to get value for the budget but a reef would generate income for part of the country through tourism . \" The Ministry of Defence has said it will \" consider all options \" for the frigates to ensure \" return for the taxpayer \" . A spokeswoman would comment on the number or nature of the bids received due to \" sensitivity \" . designed as a anti-submarine ship , the Type 22 frigate evolved into a surface combatant with , and weapons systems . They were known for having command and control , and communication facilities , making them flagships on deployments , with a complement of 280 crew . year , the aircraft carrier HMS Ark Royal was sold as scrap for \u00c2 \u00a3 3m .", "Scottish Hydro-Electric Transmission Ltd , a division of energy giant SSE , submitted the \" needs case \" as part of the planning process for the cable . After assessing the case , energy regulator Ofgem has asked for details to be submitted . The project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 780m . Islands authority , Comhairle nan Eilean Siar , has said energy projects planned for the isles cannot go without the cable . The interconnector would export electricity to the mainland for distribution . It would stretch to 50 miles ( 80km ) from Gravir on Lewis to Ullapool on the coast of mainland Scotland . The government has been involved in talks on the project . A spokesperson said : \" This is a matter for SSE and Ofgem , but we would encourage the company and regulator to move to resolve this issue . \" Improved grid connections will enable the energy resources of Scotland 's islands to create jobs - up to 3,500 jobs in the Western Isles , 2,900 in the Shetlands and over 4,500 in the Orkney Islands by 2030 . The spokesperson added : \" SSE put a business case for the Western Isles link to the electricity regulator Ofgem on 14 June , and today Ofgem have responded by setting out the detailed information they require . \"", "Mr Gustafsson , 42 , is being flown to Sweden from Africa , Sweden 's Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr\u00f6m said in a statement on Monday . He was seized by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) along with two men , one of whom was freed in a dawn raid in 2015 . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m said Mr Gustafsson was \" in spirits \" , media report . \" It is with pleasure that I can announce that Johan Gustafsson has been released ,\" Ms Wallstr\u00f6m added . She said that the Swede 's release was thanks to \" efforts \" and co-operation between the ministry , police and \" authorities \" . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m said she had spoken with Mr Gustafsson , who she described as being \" \" and \" \" by Monday 's events . \" I cannot say at the time ,\" she added . Sweden 's Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said that Mr Gustafsson 's kidnapping weighed on his mind during his time in the role , which ended in 2014 . He tweeted on Monday : \" that Johan Gustafsson is . No case concerned me as minister . \" Mr Gustafsson was kidnapped along with Stephen McGown and Dutchman Sjaak Rijke . Mr Rijke was freed by forces in April 2015 after he was discovered by chance in a dawn raid in Mali . AQIM took a number of hostages before the military deployed its forces in January 2013 . In a incident in December 2014 , hostage Serge Lazarevic was freed after a prisoner swap .", "The study by a number of universities showed under-15s were five times to need hospital care than children . Academics said treating the condition was and \" management \" can lead to emergencies . The government is working to improve the situation . Type 1 diabetes is the pancreas does produce any insulin and it is in childhood than type 2 , according to the NHS Choices website . Experts from Cardiff University , Swansea University , the University of Bristol , Bangor University and Cardiff 's University Hospital of Wales looked at the data of 95 % of all people in Wales with type 1 diabetes . They said money should be spent on improving care with cases rising 3-4 % a year . Prof Reinhard Holl , diabetologist from the University of Ulm , Germany , said : \" Hospitalisation keeps children out of school and from their families and friends . \" In addition , costs to the health care system are , money which should be invested to improve management and family support for those affected . \" The government helped to fund the research , which studied 1,577 children with the condition . It has launched a strategy , Together for Health - a Diabetes Action Plan , to improve health care . \" We have prioritised children 's services in our diabetes delivery plan , and established an all Wales diabetes network , so that all 14 centres can share the research and ensure that they all deliver the quality care ,\" a spokesperson added . Ten-year-old Molly , from Wrexham , was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes six months and since she has become , according to her mother . Malissa , 35 , said her daughter was . She said : \" Molly does enjoy having her insulin injections and would wish her condition . \" She felt at and feels , kids have snacks than her . \" Asked if she was about her daughter having to go into hospital , she said \" all the time \" . \" Because I know it 's of a possibility - it 's every parent 's nightmare ,\" she added .", "David Vallenilla 's son , called David , was shot by police on Thursday . Mr Vallenilla says he worked with the president on Caracas' transport system , and called on his \" colleague \" to clear his son 's name . The president has said firearms must be used on protesters . \" I want to speak to my colleague of the Caracas Metro ,\" Mr Vallenilla told a group of reporters outside the morgue . \" Nicol\u00e1s Maduro , you know that we worked , I 'm Supervisor Vallenilla . \" He said he used to be Mr Maduro 's boss , although the working relationship between them has been confirmed . President Maduro is a bus driver , who got involved in trade unions and politics , becoming president in 2013 after his predecessor Hugo Chavez died . \" Please , Nicol\u00e1s , my friend ,\" Mr Vallenilla said with tears streaming down his face , before calling on the leader to make it that his son \" was a criminal , he was a graduating student \" . \" You met him he was ,\" he added . in the week , Fabi\u00e1n Urbina , 17 , was shot and killed as security forces and demonstrators clashed in Caracas . There have been protests in Venezuela for over two months as the country 's and crisis has worsened . than 70 people have been killed in violence since 1 April , according to figures released by the prosecutor 's office . On Thursday , Interior Minister N\u00e9stor Reverol tweeted to confirm the death of a protester and said a police sergeant had fired an \" weapon \" . President Maduro , in a press conference on the day , said : \" I am giving the order that you can use firearms . I am giving the order that you can shoot in a demonstration , under any conditions . \" A group of demonstrators returned on Friday to the place Mr Vallenilla was killed , and set some trucks on fire . on Friday , supporters of jailed opposition leader Leopoldo L\u00f3pez released footage that they say captures his cries from a prison on the outskirts of Caracas . \" Lilian !\" he calls to his wife . \" They are torturing me ! \" In a press conference the day , Lilian Tintori said she has been to see him for 19 days and his lawyers have been denied access for 78 days . News site Ultimas Noticias has responded by publishing photos of the politician , which they say are from Friday and show him to be \" \" . L\u00f3pez is three years into a sentence for inciting violence during protests in 2014 .", "Anthony McIntyre conducted a series of interviews with IRA members , on the understanding that the contents would be made until after their deaths . Boston College has been issued with a subpoena instructing it to hand over the material on 6 May . Mr McIntyre said he had engaged a lawyer to \" resist the efforts to raid his memoirs \" . Dozens of loyalists and republicans provided testimonies to Boston College staff compiling an history of the Northern Ireland conflict . What are the ' Boston tapes ' ? Dozens of paramilitaries were interviewed in Belfast and cities and towns from 2001-2006 as part of an history project known as the Belfast Project . Details about politics and activities of the IRA were revealed on tape , including accounts of a hunger strike in prison in the 1980s . , the project cost $ 200,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 118,520 ) , provided by an businessman . Each interview was transcribed , sent by encrypted email to New York and the material was sent to Boston College , it was placed under lock and key at Burns Library . Following a battle with the college , the Police Service of Northern Ireland gained access to a number of the interviews in 2013 . Interviews were given on the understanding that tapes would be made until after their deaths . Detectives want to access the recordings as part of their investigations into murder and crimes from the 1970s to 1990s . In June year , police were given access to interviews given by prisoner Winston Rea . It followed a decision by judges in Belfast to lift an injunction on the PSNI taking possession of Mr Rea 's recorded account to Boston College researchers . In 2013 , detectives investigating the abduction and murder of Belfast mother-of-10 Jean McConville in 1972 secured the transcripts of IRA woman Dolours Price 's account . That material was handed over following court battles on both sides of the Atlantic .", "The pet , which is 12 months , has a shell and the shop appealed for information on Facebook , saying it was about its \" care requirements \" . The animal was taken from Lathom Pets and Aquatics in Ormskirk on Tuesday afternoon , Lancashire Police said . The shop 's owner said CCTV showed a man taking the tortoise - which needs calcium supplements - out of the tank . Four people had entered the pet shop , co-owner Catherine Broxholme said . \" I was serving , chatting to the group and getting change out of the till for a woman I was serving . The tortoise tank is a feet from the till . We have five tortoises and I checked there were four . \" CCTV footage confirmed a man had taken the tortoise , she said . Ms Broxholme said she was for the pet 's welfare , adding : \" They have care needs . We are a pet shop , making the pets go to homes . \" The tortoise is 12 months and its shell is and it needs calcium supplements . We want to get the tortoise . \" Police said the tortoise was valued at \u00c2 \u00a3 120 .", "It is the confirmed diagnosis of the H5N8 strain of avian flu in Lincolnshire in four weeks . Some of the birds at the premises in Lincolnshire have died . The rest are to be culled . Defra said an investigation was \" under way to determine the source of the infection \" . A 1.8-mile ( 3km ) protection zone and a ( 10km ) surveillance area have been set up around the turkey rearing farm to reduce the risk of the disease spreading . An outbreak of the virus in a flock of 6,000 turkeys at Low Farm , in Fulstow , near Louth , was \" to be linked to the case \" at the Austen Fen Farm , Defra had said . All restrictions were removed around Austen Fen Farm on 18 January but remain at Low Farm while an inquiry continues . This case in Boston comes two days after bird flu was found in pheasants that were being bred at a farm in Wyre , Lancashire . The strain has been discovered in birds in Settle , North Yorkshire , a swannery in Dorset and flocks in Carmarthenshire , west Wales . In December , the government introduced an influenza prevention zone , which lasts until 28 February , to help protect poultry and birds from flu after the strain was found in 14 countries including Germany and France .", "The UNHCR said forced returns had \" continued \" despite an agreement this month . Under the deal , any returns would be and \" conditions were \" . Cameroon has rejected the accusation and said people returned . According to the UNHCR , than 2,600 refugees have been returned to Nigeria from Cameroon this year . are to go to their villages in Borno state for security reasons and have ended up in camps for displaced people . In some cases , the UNHCR said , people had been returned \" without allowing them time to collect their belongings \" . UNHCR spokesman Babar Baloch spoke of \" chaos \" in the returns process and said \" some women were forced to leave their children in Cameroon , including a child than three years \" . of the returnees are settled in the Banki camp for displaced people . UNHCR staff recorded 17 people who claimed to be nationals , who it said had been deported by mistake to Banki . It is in the region to find people who have no proof of their nationality . Cameroonian Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma told the BBC 's Focus on Africa programme : \" I deny this accusation \" of forced returns . He said the army had been working \" \" with the army against Boko Haram and any civilians who had returned to Nigeria had done of their accord . \" This repatriation has taken place ,\" he said . The authorities have said Boko Haram militants have been entering the country disguised as refugees . Militants have carried out a number of attacks in Cameroon in years , using suicide bombers . The UNHCR said forced return constitutes a violation of the 1951 Refugee Convention and the 1969 OAU Convention , both of which Cameroon has ratified . It called on Cameroon to honour its obligations under the conventions and continue keeping its borders so as to allow access to territory and asylum procedures for people fleeing the insurgency .", "Annie Woodland , 24 , who lived in Essex , suffered brain damage in the incident at Gloucester Park Pool in Basildon . A teacher and a pool life guard both failed to realise she was in trouble . The family has sued Essex County Council who said it did comment on cases but had noted the High Court judgement . The tragedy happened in July 2000 Ms Woodland was a pupil at Whitmore Primary School in Basildon . At an hearing , judges ruled a victory against the county council would risk a \" effect \" on the willingness of schools to take pupils on trips . A Supreme Court judgement in 2013 overturned this ruling and opened the way for a High Court hearing . Mr Justice Blake has ruled lifeguard Debbie Maxwell and swimming teacher Paula Burlinson should have noticed Ms Woodland was drowning than they did . He concluded Essex County Council was for their negligence although neither woman was employed by the council . Ms Burlinson 's failure to notice Annie in distress \" fell below the standard of care to be expected of a teacher \" , he said . Ms Maxwell was as \" she was paying attention to users in the water \" . The amount of compensation to Ms Woodland , who lives in Blackpool , will be assessed at a date . A spokesman said : \" Essex County Council notes the judgement of Mr Justice Blake following a trial on liability . \" The authority cannot comment on cases and it would be to comment in respect of this claim . \"", "The UN has said media restrictions and violence meant the environment was to , elections . Unrest started in April after President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would run for a term - something protesters say is . The president says he is entitled to a term because he was appointed for his term , elected . The election is scheduled for 15 July . leaders have called for a two-week delay . Africa news highlights : 7 July The commission spokesman told the BBC turnout for the poll had been in the districts of Bujumbura there had been protests , but that in some provinces outside the capital it was as 98 % . The ruling party - the CNDD FDD - was in every province of the country , Burundi 's commission announced . They won 77 out of 100 elected seats in parliament , AFP news agency says . The BBC 's Maud Jullien says all of the country 's broadcasters have closed in months , and society leaders have left the country claiming their lives were under threat . At 70 died and 150,000 people have fled the country . Reporting on a coup and a crisis ... using a music-sharing site 10.4m population 50 years - life expectancy for a man country in the world 85 % are Hutu , 14 % Tutsi 300,000 died in war", "A judge had made the request because efforts to get them through \" channels \" had failed , the lawyer said . France , the power , has commented on the request . Mr Sankara 's widow and supporters have accused France of masterminding his 1987 killing because he was a Marxist revolutionary . He was killed by soldiers in a hail of bullets before a meeting of his cabinet in Burkina Faso 's capital , Ouagadougou . Mr Sankara 's assassination led to his second-in-command , Blaise Compaore , seizing power in a coup . Mr Compaore steered Burkina Faso into a alliance with France , which retains , security and ties with of its colonies in Africa . Burkina Faso opened an investigation into the killing after he was ousted from power in 2014 . Speaking at a press conference in Ouagadougou , the family lawyer , Benewende Stanislas Sankara , said an investigating judge had asked authorities to declassify documents to see whether France had played a role in the assassination . A request had been made to interview officials who were involved in Burkina Faso 's affairs at the time , the lawyer added . Burkina Faso issued an arrest warrant for Mr Compaore in 2015 , accusing him of involvement in Mr Sankara 's killing . He has denied the allegation , but has refused to return to Burkina Faso to stand trial . Mr Compaore is exiled in Ivory Coast , a colony .", "People had gathered on the bridge to watch emergency services rescue a man who had jumped into the Sanvordem river in Curchorem . media reported that than 50 people were on the bridge it collapsed on Thursday evening . The bridge was than 60 years and was banned from use . A police officer told the Hindustan Times that people were to be \" trapped under the bridge \" . Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he was monitoring the rescue operation . South Goa MP Narendra Sawaikar told the Goa Herald newspaper that \" it was an tragedy \" . \" The bridge must be demolished as the government had notified it as a bridge and notices were placed both the side of the bridge to use it . \" the priority is to recover the bodies ,\" he added .", "The city ranks in a list of Britain 's cities , while Glasgow is . London ranked than Scotland 's cities in the survey of the UK 's roads by Inrix Roadway Analytics . It found that the jams could cost drivers in Scotland \u00a3 5.1bn in wasted time over the decade . The firm studied traffic hotspots in 21 UK cities in September 2016 . It assessed the impact of the congestion by looking at the duration of traffic jams , their length and the number of times they occurred . The research found that the impact of Edinburgh 's 455 traffic hotspots was to London and was to cost drivers \u00a3 2.8bn by 2025 . Glasgow was ranked in the list - than Birmingham , Manchester and Bristol . It 's 357 hotspots could cost \u00a3 2.3bn over the 10 years , Inrix said . Researchers calculated the time wasted by drivers in traffic jams across the UK could cost \u00a3 61.8bn by 2025 if congestion levels are reduced . And in their survey of 123 cities across Europe , London was found to have traffic \" pinch points \" than any city . It ranked in an assessment of the impact of its traffic jams . Rome was and Paris was . Inrix economist Graham Cookson said : \" by identifying traffic hotspots and analysing their root causes can we combat congestion . \"", "John Kane filmed than 60 women in the Central Retail Park and a supermarket July . The 67-year-old recorded children playing outside a Next store . Kane was placed on the sex offenders register of sentencing on 30 March at Falkirk Sheriff Court . Prosecutor Ann Orr told the court that Kane tried to flush a memory card down the toilet at a police station after being arrested for drink driving . The memory card contained 60 videos , lasting between 50 seconds and three minutes . Mrs Orr said : \" The recordings appeared to be of adult females at shops in the Central Retail Park . \" The camera operator has the camera positioned to show the females from the waist , focusing on their legs and zooming in on their bottoms . \" The depute fiscal said the memory card contained three videos showing children aged between six and 12 playing . Mrs Orr said : \" One child is doing cartwheels , and the camera zooms in on the crotch area . \" Mrs Orr said the camera operator 's cream , trainers and khaki shorts were in shot in of the videos . She said Police Scotland received an phone call from someone who expressed \" concern \" over Kane 's behaviour . A search warrant was obtained for his home , and the khaki shorts and trainers were found in a bag in his bedroom . Kane told police he \" had a drink in him \" at the time the videos were filmed . Asked if what he had done aroused him , he said : \" It did at the time , but I felt about it . \" Kane , of Falkirk , admitted operating a recording device to obtain footage of women and children in a place without their knowledge and consent between 15 July and 22 July year . Sheriff Derek Livingston deferred sentence for a risk assessment and released Kane on bail .", "It follows the discovery of 115 people locked inside three houses in Edinburg , to the border . Police were alerted by a call made from inside one of the houses . The property was found to have padlocks and chains on the outside . People found said they had had any food or water for three days , and some required hospital treatment . Oscar Trevino , an Edinburg police spokesman , told the BBC that it was the people in the properties were being held against their will . \" There was no way they could leave because the doors were secured with burglar bars and were locked from the outside . \" He said officers had to use bolt cutters to free those . The imprisoned people came from countries in and America . One man told officers that they had been driven to the houses from the Rio Grande river , which marks the border between Texas and Mexico . He said they had been threatened with death if they did remain .", "The Perth club has suspended the team-mates pending a club investigation . Wright told BBC Scotland that \" if what 's alleged \" to have occurred did in fact happen \" we 'll come on both \" . Referee Don Robertson sent off both players during the break . Wright , whose side confirmed their six place due to results , says he did see the incident as he had started walking up the tunnel following the time whistle . BBC Scotland reporter Jonathan Sutherland saw Foster throw a punch at Swanson , who retaliated by aiming a kick at the defender after he had slipped . \" I have seen it with my eyes but something happened ,\" said Wright . \" I 'm going to wait and see for myself . The players have been told they let themselves down , and let the team down . We should be celebrating confirming our six place tonight . \" Under no circumstance will they get off if what is alleged to have happened has happened . The punishment I can do with them , I 'll do it . \" Media playback is supported on this device Wright was that the incident left his side up against it in the half , and that the shine was taken off the Saints confirming a six berth . \" It 's another achievement getting the six ,\" he added . \" We showed a lot of character and should have had a penalty . ( Georgios ) Sarris has got arms over Murray Davidson and that should have been a penalty kick . \" The boys were and deserved a point but they did get it . \" Hamilton player Ali Crawford was shown a card and manager Guillaume Beuzelin sent to the stand after becoming involved in the scenes that followed the incident between Foster and Swanson . , manager Martin Canning told BBC Scotland : \" I would be talking about us . It is something you want to see , but it is a game and it spills over . \" My players acted . I think Darian MacKinnon was trying to separate them and calm things down . \" I do think I have to take any action against my players . \" Hamilton moved off spot in the table thanks to the win , sealed by a Alex D'Acol goal . They are on 27 points , two of club Inverness Caledonian Thistle . \" With 11 against 11 in the half , I thought we were and we kept going and got a three points ,\" Canning added .", "6 December 2014 updated at 09:15 GMT The Grammy Awards is one of the music ceremony 's in the world . Sam Smith , who topped the BBC 's Sound of 2014 in January , has six nominations including artist . His Stay With Me is for pop performance and record of the year .", "Eid al-Fitr means : ' festival of the breaking of the ' and it is one of the celebrations in the year . The date Eid falls is decided by the cycle of the moon , and this year it 's on Sunday evening . On the day of Eid al-Fitr , Ramadan ends and Muslims celebrate by praying , giving gifts and having a feast with family and friends . Thank you for your comments - this page is closed . I am going to my cousin 's and enjoying Eid with clothes and food ! Amaya , 10 , Bucks We are going to our friends house and having a dinner ! Emilia , 10 , Braknell I will be going to my family and friends house to celebrate Eid , it will be , and I will be wearing a dress . Husna , 9 , Derby I 'm going to visit my family and friends we 're going to have an eid party and eat lots of food ! Amna , 12 , Burnley I am celebrating Eid with my Family and including my Granny and Grandad I am going to eat food a play with my cousins ! - I wish everyone a Happy Eid ! Eid Mubarak ! Abdul-Rafay , 10 , London Aslam Alaikum ! On Eid I am going to go out and spend time with my family . Anayah , 6 , London I 'm spending my time with my family and I ca wait to eat all the food that has been prepared for me . Zainab , 10 , London Eid Mubarak ! Eid is such a festival for muslims and everyone and today me and my family will be celebrating with our relatives and we will be eating lots of food . Nayim , 11 , London On Eid I am going out with my family , I making a lot of money and it is going to be . Aisha , 12 , London Eid Mubarak ! We are celebrating Eid with all our family by dressing in our clothes and eating lots of food ! Aneesa , 8 , Stockport My family and I are going to go to my houses , will give presents and receive some , we are going to eat food . I ca wait ! ! Tasnim , 11 , London I am celebrating with my Daddima . I am what I 'll be eating but I will be celebrating with my Daddy and the rest of my family . Lana , 6 , Kent", "Officers were called to Lowe Street in Whitmore Reans , Wolverhampton at 17:00 GMT on Thursday a boy was found with stab wounds . minutes a call was made to police a shotgun was fired in Deveron Close . West Midlands Police believe the men , who have been bailed , were linked to both incidents . The teenager remains in hospital in a condition , police said . DCI Chris Hanson said : \" We believe both of these offences were linked and were the result of a dispute between two groups . \" The shooting happened following an argument between a group and a man with a gun . \"", "Vikki Thompson , 21 , was found in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015 with a ligature around her neck . Robert Steele told the hearing in Wakefield Miss Thompson wrote to him while in prison saying : \" I know I 'm going to do something . \" Giving evidence he said : \" I believe she should have been in a prison . \" stories from across Yorkshire The jury inquest was told Miss Thompson , from Keighley , had told prison and court escort staff that she would be \" carried out in a box \" . Mr Steele said he spoke to her on the phone while she was in prison and she told him she wanted to move to a women 's prison that and her solicitors were waiting for her to make a application to the governor . Mr Steele said he received a letter from his partner which said : \" I do think I can last in . I ca sleep at night . I feel like I wo be . \" I know I 'm going to do something . I do want to but I ca do this . \" But , in a statement read to the court , Miss Thompson 's mother Lisa Harrison said her daughter did say she had a problem being in a men 's prison . \" Vikki did like prison but who does ? \" Ms Harrison said . \" She said anything to me about it being the prison for her . \" The inquest heard Miss Thompson had identified as since she was 10 years but had had any or hormone treatment . She did have a Gender Recognition Certificate establishing her identity so she was sent to a men 's prison . Coroner Jonathan Leach said the inquest would examine a number of issues including the suitability of the \" prison accommodation \" . The jury was told that after an risk assessment process Miss Thompson was put in E-Wing than A-Wing , prisoners were housed , and placed on a suicide watch . Mr Leach said this decision was taken because it was thought she might be under risk on A-Wing due to the number of sex offenders . He said she was allowed to move to A-Wing but was taunted by men in the segregation block . The inquest heard that on the day she died Miss Thompson had been seen watching TV at 19:00 GMT but at 20:00 she was spotted on the floor with the ligature round her neck and the alarm was raised . The inquest , which is expected to last three weeks , continues", "Accountant in Bankruptcy ( AiB ) reported 2,405 insolvencies between April and June - 7.8 % on the quarter . There were 1,144 bankruptcies , which was 14.7 % on the quarter and 51.1 % than a year . , AiB said the figures showed a \" return to trend \" . A year , the number of insolvencies in Scotland fell to its level for than 14 years following the introduction of the Bankruptcy and Debt Advice ( Scotland ) Act . The legislation introduced measures as money advice for people seeking access to debt relief solutions as sequestration . Although the bankruptcy figures were on a year , they were 41.7 % than the quarter in 2013-14 and 34.9 % than in 2014-15 . insolvencies include both bankruptcies and trust deeds ( PTDs ) . The number of PTDs recorded between April and June remained at 1,261 , a 2.1 % increase from the quarter . debt payment programmes approved under the Debt Arrangement Scheme ( DAS ) fell by 5.2 % on the quarter , to 510 . figures for bankruptcies and PTDs since 2005-06 : Business Minister Paul Wheelhouse said : \" These figures indicate that people are becoming to the insolvency legislation and processes . \" We are seeing the numbers settling down to a pattern following the , and expected , drop after the introduction of the laws . \" Compared to the quarter from two years , to these changes , the number of people falling into insolvency today is by than a third . \" This shows those in need can access the debt relief they require to help them on the road to a start - but that the term movement is a one . \" Eileen Blackburn , from insolvency trade body R3 , said : \" This rise , driven by an increase in bankruptcies , bucks the trend in insolvencies we 've seen in years . \" The number of insolvencies have been falling since their peak in 2012 , and this quarter represents a return to levels . \" The rise is do with the EU referendum result , which happened towards the end of the quarter , and to do with difficulties in the economy and the end of the year in March . \"", "One of the 11 children described the trailer went \" down the hill \" at the farm in Nottinghamshire before it \" launched us off \" . Two members of teaching staff from Halam Primary and a farmer were injured in the accident on 11 March . The acting head teacher of the school has apologised . One of the children , Ben , said he was and the children were crying . \" The trailer gone like down the hill and it gone and it launched us off ,\" said Ben . asked it made him feel , Ben said : \" It feels like . \" Ben 's mother , Sheree Cockayne , said he has been struggling to sleep since it happened and has been having nightmares and flashbacks . Mrs Cockayne , who was told about the accident by a school nurse , said : \" I rushed to the QMC ( Queen 's Medical Centre ) and Ben was brought in . He had blood over his face . \" He laid . He had to stay in [ hospital ] for observation every four hours because he had concussion and felt . \" He 's got bruises to his head , his ribs and his chest , so he has a pains . \" Nottinghamshire County Council said another child was discharged from hospital after a check-up and one was brought into hospital in the day for a scan , released . A teaching assistant sustained a broken wrist , a teaching student sustained a head wound requiring stitches and the farmer , who was in the trailer , dislocated his shoulder . The assistant will be off work for four weeks . The children were on a trip at Hills Farm in Edingley and the accident happened on Carver 's Hollow . Nottinghamshire Police is investigating the incident , the Health and Safety Executive , because the area it happened is a highway . The force has asked anyone with information to contact them . Hills Farm in Edingley , it happened , said it would comment while an investigation is . The school 's acting head teacher , Paul Nolan , said : \" We are this incident happened and we wish the children and adults who were injured a recovery . \" This incident has affected the community and everyone is supporting each as a result . \" Marion Clay , the council 's acting service director for education standards , said : \" This is an established trip for reception pupils and as we know at this time all the procedures were carried out . \"", "Tens of thousands of pilgrims joined him for the Way of the Cross ceremony , recalling Jesus' crucifixion . Among the cross bearers were and refugees , and Nigerians who had escaped Boko Haram persecution . The service came a day after 150 people were killed in an al-Shabab attack on a university . \" We see today our brothers , decapitated and crucified for their faith in you [ Jesus ] , before our eyes and with our silence ,\" Pope Francis said , presiding over the ceremony at the Colosseum . , he condemned the attack in Kenya , Christians were singled out and shot , as an act of \" brutality \" . In another Good Friday ceremony , Pope Francis listened as the Vatican 's preacher Raniero Cantalamessa denounced the \" indifference of world institutions in the face of all this killing of Christians \" . He mentioned the Kenya attack , as the beheading of 22 Christians by Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Libya in February . Pope Francis has spoken out against the persecution of Christians , saying that the world would be justified using force to combat the \" aggression \" by IS .", "President Evo Morales has announced a contingency plan , which includes $ 700,000 in funds for fumigation . The swarm appeared over a week near the low-lying city of Santa Cruz , of Bolivia 's food and meat is produced . It has spread , destroying pasture and fields of corn and sorghum . The authorities estimate than 1,000 hectares of land have been devastated by the locusts . The government says fumigation must begin . \" We will create a 500-metre-wide ring around the area affected and fumigate , working alongside the authorities ,\" said Bolivia 's Agriculture Secretary , Mauricio Ordonez . Mr Morales is to visit Santa Cruz province on Friday .", "Sir Gareth attended a ceremony at Windsor Castle on Thursday , after being named in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list in June . The 68-year-old scrum half won 53 caps for Wales from 1967 to 1978 . He won 10 caps for the Lions' winning series in New Zealand and South Africa . At 20 he became Wales 's captain , and during his era the side dominated the Five Nations Championship from Gwaun-Cae-Gurwen in the Swansea Valley , Edwards spent his playing career with Cardiff RFC . In 1974 Edwards was named BBC Wales Sports Personality of the year . After his retirement in 1978 , he became Captain on the sports quiz , Question of Sport . He works as a pundit for both the BBC and S4C . He is to his childhood sweetheart Maureen and they have two sons , Owen and Rhys .", "The defeat in four games leaves Gordon Strachan 's men in Group F and the manager facing questions about his future . Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives his marks out of 10 for the display . No chance with goals but had to do than pick the ball out of his net . A choice but the Derby winger defended considering he was in his position . Scotland 's player on the night after a absence from the scene . Offered a threat going and worked . Played than in Slovakia and at goal after making a block . Wasted a chance to equalise , failing to hit the target from a header . Given a start and did to keep England 's danger men for periods . The captain 's desire and work rate are in question but he was in possession . from his retirement but for ? The Celtic captain gave the midfield energy and aggression as expected . . Did get on the ball to make a impact . , a inclusion given his lack of game time at West Brom . Missed a opportunity to level the game in the half , dragging a shot from near the spot . Another player of giving the ball . Provided some set-pieces . should have scored after Forrest 's miss he had a sight at goal . Led the line with energy in the half . , made a decision to play in Snodgrass on a counter-attack . Tired in the half as Scotland surrendered . The game was he came on , to make an impression . On for the injured Anya . given to do since England were to keep the ball and did pose of a threat . to make an impact .", "The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) has placed bear Arktos in with Victoria at its Highland Wildlife Park near Aviemore . bear cubs were born in the UK 25 years . Arktos is one of two bears at the park at Kincraig in the Cairngorms National Park . The pair could remain for two weeks . Arktos will return to an enclosure he shares with the male , Walker . RZSS said breeding was an part of a effort to conserve bears , which are classified as \" \" on the International Union Conservation of Nature 's Red List of Threatened Species . , animal welfare organisations OneKind Scotland and Born Free Foundation have said tackling climate change to protect bears should be the focus of conservation efforts than breeding . RZSS , which manages Edinburgh Zoo efforts have been made to breed pandas , said Arktos and Victoria have mated times . The society said the pair would live for the week or two \" mimicking what would occur in the wild \" . Vickie Larkin , head carnivore keeper at the park , said the pair had appeared to have bonded since being introduced . She said : \" Both bears have warmed to each and all the signs are . \" From the moment they met , Arktos has been with Victoria and their bond has been . \" bear breeding is as the species are induced ovulators , meaning that the female releases an egg after mating occurs . They practice implantation , the egg does implant into the wall until some months . \" Ms Larkin added : \" If , Victoria will fall until August to September time . \" stages are her entering the birthing den in October to November and giving birth in December to January . Any cubs would come out of the birthing den until March to April 2017 . \" Arktos arrived at the park in April 2012 from a zoo in Hannover , Germany . being given health checks , park staff talk to Arktos in German , the language he heard he was in the zoo in Hannover . Victoria , who was brought to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark year and is kept in an enclosure a mile from the males , raised cubs in 2008 .", "Martin will replace Bruce Anstey in the team , who won year 's race . McGuinness had been on his way to a victory before suffering a issue , and finished . The team said the duo , who will be team-mates at Honda at the TT races , will target the 120 + mph lap . McGuinness holds the lap record for the class of 119.279mph ( 18:58.743 ) , which he set on way to victory in 2015 . Martin , from Grimsby , missed year 's TT and North West 200 to compete in the 2,712-mile Tour Divide mountain bike race in the United States . The 35-year-old has raced since suffering broken vertebrae and a fractured sternum in a crash in the Dundrod 150 Superbike race in 2015 . The truck mechanic and TV personality is looking for his TT victory , having finished on the podium 16 times .", "The animal , thought to be a minke whale , is 4m . It was seen on Thursday morning and seems to be and content . whales are one of the in our waters . It is thought it may have swum in pursuit of fish in the channel . A minke can grow to 9m in length . The harbour authorities are liaising with experts in the Northern Ireland Environment Agency , and are expected to monitor the animal for days in the hope it returns to water . There are no grounds for concern over the animal 's health , said the Department of Agriculture , Environment and Rural Affairs ( DAERA ) . \" Minke whales frequent the waters around the mouth of Belfast Lough , but or animals will , on occasion , come ,\" said a spokesperson . \" , our Marine and Fisheries team will continue to monitor the whale 's behaviour in conjunction with colleagues from Belfast Harbour Commissioners . \" The animal is in a area within Belfast Harbour there is no risk of disturbance . \" The whale is in an area that is by the public , , as a species , people are advised to enjoy any views they are to have of this animal but to approach or do anything to disturb it ,\" the statement added .", "Sandra Bland was arrested during a heated traffic stop captured on film . She was found three days . The 28-year-old 's death and the video footage of her arrest sparked outrage . The arresting officer , Brian Encinia , has been charged with lying about it , a prosecutor announced after a day of jury discussions . Hours , he was fired from his job . The jury had picked out the officer 's affidavit as behind their decision , said prosecutor Shawn McDonald . In that affidavit , Mr Encinia had claimed that Ms Bland was \" and \" after he pulled her over . The argument began after she was asked to put out her cigarette and he demanded she get out of her car . Video footage showed the police officer drawing his stun gun and threatening Ms Bland with the words : \" I will light you up ! \" After the argument moved , she was heard screaming that he was to break her wrists and she complained that her head knocked against the ground . Mr McDonald said jurors found Mr Encinia 's statement that he had \" removed her from her vehicle to conduct a traffic investigation \" to be . after the indictment , the Texas Department of Public Safety said \" termination proceedings \" would start . Ms Bland 's death three days after her arrest was ruled a suicide and the sheriff 's officials and jailers were cleared of any crime . But it sparked headlines for days amid a debate about the police use of force against African Americans . The perjury charge carries a sentence of one year in jail and a $ 4,000 fine .", "It 's overtaken Barack Obama 's \" four years \" tweet . Obama sent the message after being re-elected in 2012 , he made history by being retweeted than half a million times in a hours and smashed records . It 's been shared than 750,000 times . But the One Direction tweet from 2011 in which Louis said Harry was \" in my heart \" is , having been retweeted than 780,000 times . Both have a way to go to beat the Oscar selfie posted by Ellen DeGeneres . that has been retweeted than three million times . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The court upheld a prison sentence for Hartmut Hopp , a citizen in his seventies . Hopp worked with Paul Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer , a soldier who founded the commune in Chile 1961 . Residents were indoctrinated and kept as slaves for than 30 years . Hopp 's lawyer says he will appeal against the sentence . Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer collaborated with the government of Augusto Pinochet whose police used the colony around 350km ( 215 miles ) of the capital , Santiago , as a place of torture and to \" disappear \" his opponents . Germany year said it would declassify its files on the sect , and the minister at the time , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , admitted that the service had failed to stop the abuses . The scale of the abuses came to light after Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer faced a series of lawsuits in 1997 . He fled Chile and was arrested in Argentina in 2005 . He was convicted in Chile of abuse of children , weapons possession and rights violations . He died in a jail in 2010 at the age of 88 .", "By convention these are and involve saying something about your predecessor despite differences with them . Cardiff North Labour MP MP Anna McMorrin found some words about the Conservative whose job she took . \" I know Craig worked to represent the constituency over the two years ,\" she told MPs on Monday . Gower Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi did mention Byron Davies by name but said on Thursday : \" I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor who served the constituency to the of his ability . \" Ms McMorrin went on to give her analysis of the Brexit referendum vote - her city voted to remain in the EU . \" The vote in parts of Wales was a vote against Europe or the concept or the reality of the European Union ,\" she said . \" It was a vote against politics\u00e2 \u20ac\u201d against the reality of the decisions taken . \" The impact of benefit cuts and reductions in spending has hit the , so I intend to use my time to speak up against a failed austerity the people have forced the people to pay the price . \" She added her name to an amendment to the Queen 's Speech calling for the UK to remain inside the market and the customs union . \" Ms Antoniazzi used her speech to oppose fracking and urge ministers to sign off the proposed Swansea lagoon . She reflected on her heritage . \" My family name is embedded in the Gower constituency ,\" she said . \" The introduction of cafe culture to the people of South Wales comes from the families of Bardi - and yes , you have ice cream to thank me for . \" Business Secretary Greg Clark told her he had sampled some of that ice cream while campaigning for her predecessor . A friend had found that \" Gower \" and \" Tonia \" were searched for than 20 times on her daughter 's tablet computer . \" questioned she told her mother , is it that we live that anyone can become an MP you do have to be , you do have to go to a school you have to work . \" And with than 20 years as a teacher Amelie 's words ring for the schoolchildren of Gower , Wales and the United Kingdom because ambition is ,\" she added .", "The Campaign for Real Ale ( Camra ) has given the award to the George & Dragon at Hudswell , near Richmond , North Yorkshire . The pub , the village 's community facility , closed in 2008 . It reopened in 2010 after residents formed the Hudswell Community Pub Ltd group and raised \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 to buy the building and land . Read about this and stories from across North Yorkshire The group was helped by the Plunkett Foundation which supports community co-operatives in areas . Camra said the George & Dragon had a and atmosphere and a community ethos . The pub includes a shop , library , community allotments and internet access . Paul Ainsworth , from Camra , said : \" The George & Dragon is a example of a pub has been resurrected as a community asset . \" The pub 's manager , Stu Miller , said he was to receive the award . \" It shows that work , beer and the support of the community can help you achieve goals that seemed a while ,\" he said . Runners up in the competition were the Salutation Inn in Ham , Gloucestershire , the Stanford Arms in Lowestoft , Norfolk , and the Swan with Two Necks in Pendleton , Lancashire .", "An \" investigation \" will look into claims made by Veracruz governor Miguel Angel Yunes Linares on Monday , the Ministry of Health said . He alleged medicine had been bought and used in state hospitals under his predecessor Javier Duarte . Mr Duarte has been on the run from the authorities since October . The governor , who was elected in 2010 , has been seen since a week after he stepped down amid allegations of corruption . He has been charged with organised crime and money laundering , but there are calls for the Attorney General 's office to file charges relating to the accusations . On Monday , Mr Yunes Linares told a press conference that an investigation into malfeasance and corruption under Mr Duarte had uncovered fraud . ` We have tests on a medication given to children , a chemotherapy that was a medication , it was an substance , distilled water ,'' he said . \" This seems to us a crime , an attempt against the lives of the children . We 're finishing our analysis and , at the time , we 'll be filing complaints . \" Mr Yunes Linares alleged there had been tests for HIV detection and the existence of medicines . The allegations have shocked Mexico . \" It is , criminal ,\" Senator Roberto Gil Zuart said , according to news site Quadratin . Mexico 's Secretary of Health Jos\u00c3 \u00a9 Narro Robles has promised to act on \" the persons or companies involved \" if irregularities or responsibility is found , the ministry said in a statement on Wednesday .", "Their home game , a 4-0 win over Droylsden , attracted 142 supporters and after staff and players were paid , the Tigers were left with \u00a3 21 profit . week , the club issued an appeal for \u00a3 25,000 so they could \" stay in a position \" until the summer . \" There are fans but if they do come we 're going to have a team ,\" said Hughes . The club 's owner , Eamonn McGurk , has supported the club since they struggled to pay a tax bill of than \u00a3 80,000 in the 1990s . It is estimated his investment runs to than \u00a3 1m , in addition to funding the planning costs for a ground . The Blue Square Bet North club have been without a home for six years after their Meadow Park ground was destroyed by flooding and their status has played a part in their difficulties . They have shared with clubs Forest Green Rovers , Cirencester and Cheltenham Town - they have been based since 2010 . But Hughes believes their move out of the city , and the rivalry the Tigers have with Cheltenham , has caused fans to abandon their club . \" If I had \u00a3 10 for every time I 've spoken to someone who has said ' I used to support Gloucester but I 'm going to come until you 've returned to Gloucester ' , I 'd be to sustain the club ,\" he told BBC Gloucestershire . \" There 's been this rivalry across the divide but Cheltenham are a Football League club and that 's what we 've wanted to aspire to . \" We 've been that Cheltenham allowed us to have a ground share - they could have said no . \" Gloucester pay \u00a3 40,000 a year to play at Whaddon Road , but were threatened with eviction after failing to meet payments . The issue is to being resolved and Gloucester hope to have a deal in place week to remain in Cheltenham for season 's campaign . Plans for a stadium at the Meadow Park site were submitted to Gloucester City Council in 2011 , but have to be approved . \" It has left me ,\" Hughes added . \" There 's been a lot of money spent on reports etc [ for stadium ] and it 's been draining . \" It 's been . We 're and we need something we can hang our hat on . We need something that will attract investors and keep us going . \"", "Captain David Seath , 31 , was a fire support team commander in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery . He suffered a suspected arrest while running the course and died in hospital . He was laid to rest following a funeral in St Margaret 's RC Memorial Church in Dunfermline . Hundreds of mourners gathered at the church for the service , which was led by priest Father Chris Heenan . Capt Seath was from Cowdenbeath in Fife . Maj Jim McCaffery , 7 ( Sphinx ) Commando Battery , which is based in Arbroath , told the service : \" It is with sadness that were are today to say farewell to Captain David Seath . \" David was an inspiration to all of us . I could have wished for a finer officer . \" He will be missed and our thoughts and prayers are with his family . \" During the service , Capt James Walker-McClimens read a tribute on behalf of Capt Seath 's brother , Gary . He told the mourners : \" David was my hero and my inspiration . I was to say that he was a Captain in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery and that he served his country with distinction in Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" Words ca express I was listening to him as he described his tours of Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" I learnt about David 's tours of duty , the bond of comradeship he had found in the Army as the plans he had for the future . \" There are no words to express I am that this story has ended , with chapters left . \" A family notice published in the Dunfermline Press said the service would be a \" celebration of David 's life \" and urged mourners to wear colours . Capt Seath fell at the mark while taking part in the race . Following his death , Capt Seath 's friends and colleagues vowed to continue to raise money for Help for Heroes and walk the three miles of the marathon course . than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 has been donated to a JustGiving page in his memory while \u00c2 \u00a3 80,000 has been raised for the charity on his page .", "Aodhan Woods was 17 he was tied up , locked in a cupboard and subjected to assaults . 19 , he has waived his right to anonymity as his attackers were jailed . Darren Fu , of Drumart Walk in Belfast , will spend half of his sentence in jail . His co-accused who cannot be named got six years , half on licence . The abuser was 17 at the time of the offence and a reporting restriction is in place which prevents his identity from being made . The attack took place on 30 May , 2014 Mr Woods called to Fu 's flat in the Stranmillis area of Belfast . A hearing in the case was told Fu had ordered him to sell drugs and he was before entering the flat because he had sold . The attack began and the court heard the pair subjected him to \" degradation \" , holding him at knifepoint , burning him with cigarettes , and assaulting him . The ordeal lasted a number of hours before they released the teenager , who contacted police . Speaking outside court , Mr Woods said : \" I thought I was going to die that night . I will forget what happened . \" He described it as the \" experience of his life \" . \" I did know what was going to happen and what they were going to do . The ordeal was . \" He was diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after the attack but said he did see himself \" as a victim \" . \" I am speaking out to show people that it 's to go and tell the police if you have been assaulted . I want people to find the courage to come and get the support that they need . \" Mr Woods thanked his family and friends and the police for supporting him through the justice process . \" I would say to anyone who has been assaulted , do be , do hide it . The way to move is to tell someone and you 'll realise there is support . Do be to speak out . \" The teenager welcomed the sentences given to his attackers . Fu had pleaded to four charges - imprisonment , two counts of assault , and rape . His co-accused admitted six counts including imprisonment , two counts of assault and attempted rape .", "Jasim Khadijah was a rocket expert who controlled attacks , Col Steve Warren said . month a US soldier died and others were injured a base used by US troops was shelled by IS . It was the US combat death since the US struck the group in 2014 .", "\" This is the Oscars ,\" said 22 Jump Street star Jillian Bell on the carpet in Los Angeles . as awards like kiss and performance ( Efron won it - ) the ceremony was an platform for this summer 's blockbusters . The night 's winner was The Fault in Our Stars , which won movie . The film 's star Shailene Woodley picked up performance , the Trailblazer Award and kiss for a scene with Ansel Elgort . Woodley gave an speech dedicated to John Green , the author of the book which the film is based on , saying \" he gave this world a masterpiece \" . winners included Bradley Cooper , who won performance for his role as the Chris Kyle in American Sniper . The actor said : \" Chris Kyle would have turned 41 four days . Chris , this is for you ,\" said Cooper . Channing Tatum took performance for 22 Jump Street and Meryl Streep picked up villain for her role in Into the Woods . Jennifer Lopez , Jennifer Lawrence , Seth Rogen and Rose Byrne were among the winners . Kevin Hart , who was the target of jokes throughout the night , brought his kids on stage to accept the genius award . He said : \" I do it all for them . I 'm trying to leave a legacy . \" In one of the moments of the show , Robert Downey Jr brought his Avengers stars to their knees while accepting the Generation Award . Scarlett Johansson , Chris Evans , Chris Hemsworth , Mark Ruffalo and Jeremy Renner all took the stage to present their co-star with the award , which Downey called \" the recognition I desire \" . Clips from the Pitch Perfect sequel , Judd Apatow 's comedy Trainwreck and Marvel 's film Ultron were shown during a look to this summer 's releases . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The summer signing injured himself in training on Friday as he went to take a shot and will see a consultant this week . He joins Ryan Brunt and left-back Gary Sawyer as absentees . \" It 's a blow , any players we have in the squad that are injured is for us ,\" manager Derek Adams told BBC Radio Devon . Spencer had become choice in the role of the League Two leaders following an injury to Bristol City forward Paul-Arnold Garita , who has returned to fitness . \" He and Garita have played in that area this season and held the ball up and performed for us ,\" Adams added following Saturday 's 3-0 home loss to Grimsby . \" It 's to take as a manager because you feel that you 're getting and something happens , it 's like a roadblock , it 's to overcome these things , so it 's to take . \"", "The Colombia international , who has played since October following a injury , has been replaced in the squad by loan signing Alexandre Pato . The 29-year has made one Premier League start since signing on a season-long from Monaco July . AC Milan forward Pato , 26 , signed for Chelsea week on a loan from Corinthians . , the Brazil international has featured since November as he looks to regain fitness following a series of injuries . Chelsea boss Guus Hiddink has included signing Matt Miazga in both his Champions League and Premier League squad lists for the half of the season . The United States defender , 20 , joined Chelsea on a contract from New York Red Bulls week . Falcao , who was linked with a deadline day move to club Atletico Madrid , has been named in Chelsea 's Premier League squad . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini revealed on Monday that forward Kelechi Iheanacho , 19 , will replace Samir Nasri in City 's Champions League squad . France international midfielder Nasri , 28 , is set for at another two months on the sidelines following a injury and tendon surgery in November . Clubs featuring in the knock-out stages of the Champions League were required to supply football 's governing body Uefa with their updated squad lists by Tuesday night , but Arsenal have to announce any changes to their squad . The Gunners are expected to make one change , with midfield signing Mohamed Elneny , 23 , replacing defender Mathieu Debuchy , 30 , who has joined Ligue 1 side Bordeaux on loan until the end of the season .", "It had lost its mother and become stranded in waters off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia . Tourists began touching and photographing the animal than seeking help for it . Equinac , a NGO , said \" selfishness \" caused the dolphin \" suffering and stress . \" The organisation , which works to protect wildlife in the area , wrote in a Facebook post ( in Spanish ) : \" The animal was subjected to the who wanted to photograph and touch it . \" \" These animals are protected ; to disturb them , to harm them , to manipulate them and to harass them is prohibited by law , and we ask for respect and consideration . \"", "The men , 26 and 24 , were in a house in Melrose Street three men armed with a knife , hammer and batons forced their way into the property before midnight on Saturday . After assaulting the men , the gang left with a sum of cash and items . They smashed a number of windows . The men in the house received treatment for their injuries . Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them .", "Areas in Counties Londonderry , Antrim and Down were affected . A spokesperson for Northern Ireland Electricity said was an equipment fault was detected at 21.40 BST . All properties have had power restored had their power restored by 22.14 BST .", "The 64-year-old was found with injuries in Luxfield Road , south-east London , at 02:10 GMT . He was pronounced at the scene . A man was arrested on suspicion of murder to the victim was found . The arrested man and the victim knew each but were related , the Metropolitan Police said . The victim 's of kin have been informed .", "But the council is to set up a group to \" resolve design issues \" . The proposed cycle route will link Leith Walk in the east of the city to Roseburn in the west , via the city centre and Haymarket . The plans include reducing four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two , and using half a carriageway and a bus lane for cyclists . Supporters of the path said it was for cutting congestion and would provide a route across the city . They said it would encourage travel . But residents and shop owners in the Roseburn area said reducing loading bays to make way for bikes would have a impact on passing trade , and that reducing traffic lanes could increase congestion at Roseburn . The council said the working group would be set up to help resolve design issues with the plans . It said work would start to secure funding and to \" make preparations to commence the processes for the scheme \" . A decision will be taken after the the working group 's discussions . Transport convener Councillor Lesley Hinds said the council was \" 100 % committed \" to the project but acknowledged it had divided opinion . She said a group would be formed to try to reach a conclusion on the route design \" which the majority are with \" . Ms Hinds added : \" Given the strength of feeling about aspects of the plans , there 's work to be done before the route design is agreed . \"", "The 2014 winner Pineau De Re was among those to miss the cut for the Aintree race . horses are balloted out , with The Romford Pele occupying the number 40 slot . There were no withdrawals in Thursday 's declaration stage . Four reserves are on standby should any runner pull out before 13:00 BST on Friday . Download your sweepstake kit Pinstickers' guide Many Clouds is 7-1 favourite of 10-1 chance The Last Samuri and 12-1 shot Silviniaco Conti . Coverage of the race , over 30 fences and four-and-a-half miles , is expected to be followed by 600 million people . Organisers have put back the time of the race by an hour to 17:15 BST in an effort to increase the audience . The National is a handicap chase , with each runner allotted a weight to carry by the handicapper Phil Smith . Some trainers are faced with the task of trying to ensure their contenders perform to get a rating which guarantees a run , without landing a weight that hampers their chances . Pineau De Re is in the twilight of his career , at the age of 13 , and his rating has dropped . No horse of that age has won the National since Sergeant Murphy in 1923 . The British Horseracing Authority has indicated it is to reviewing the entry system of year 's National . weight Clouds will seek to become the horse since the victor Red Rum in the 1970s to win runnings . Victory would see jockey Leighton Aspell , who triumphed aboard Pineau De Re two years , become the rider to win three years running . Media playback is supported on this device Officials believe modifications to the fences , and alterations , introduced three years have helped improve safety . Since the changes , there have been no injuries in the National itself , although two horses died in races at the meeting year .", "Thousands of animals , of them endangered , are part of the count which is required by law as part of the zoo 's licence . details about each and every individual are noted down so that the zoo can help breeding programmes . Newsround 's Martin headed to the zoo , which houses over 400 species , to find out it 's done .", "Another user in the web - a hidden part of the internet guns , drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police , a spokesperson said . The boy 's body was found in the cellar of a house in Herne , North Rhine-Westphalia . Police say the suspect may be armed . Searches are being carried out in towns near Herne , which lies in the Ruhr area , a industrialised region . Reports say the suspect , who is on the run , is a arts enthusiast .", "Voters should have the option to remain in the EU if they are with the result of Brexit talks , she said . The party is discussing pacts with parties in a \" number \" of constituencies , she added . Ms Lucas is the Greens' MP and the Liberal Democrats have agreed to contest her Brighton Pavilion seat . She wants to maximise the number of MPs who will support moves for reform and try to win or defend seats against the Conservative Party . \" Discussions are going on in a number of constituencies . Whether that will deliver any results , I ca tell you - watch this space ,\" she said at an election event in Hackney , London . The Lib Dems have said a \" number \" of parties are considering deals of the June 8 election . Bristol West and the Isle of Wight are among the Green Party 's target seats , as it pushes for a MP . Outlining the party 's policy on Brexit , Ms Lucas said leaks and reports during the weekend about Brexit talks between Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker \" confirmed our fears - that Theresa May is going into these negotiations , and understanding the EU works \" . \" In the days following the EU referendum , the Green Party called for the people to have a say on the details of any Brexit deal and we stand by that position ,\" she said . The Green Party accepted that the 2016 referendum result was an instruction to the government to begin Brexit talks , she said . But it should be the \" start , the end \" of the process , with people having a say on the deal - including an option to remain within the European Union , she said . The Lib Dems have promised a referendum on the Brexit deal . Theresa May says that the Conservatives would make \" a success \" of Brexit and has promised to give MPs a vote on any deal that is agreed between the UK and the EU . Jeremy Corbyn says Labour would hold a referendum on the deal , but wants MPs to have a say on it .", "Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust was criticised by the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) in March 2015 . A re-inspection in April this year found it had made \" progress \" in some areas , but improvements were needed . The safety of patients at risk of suicide had been deemed but has been improved . The trust has about 27,000 patients across the county and than 2,000 members of staff . Dr Paul Lelliott , deputy inspector of hospitals for the CQC , said there was \" care \" for the population served by the trust . \" We saw staff treating patients with kindness , dignity and respect ,\" he said . The use of volunteers and therapy dogs was praised , as was the caf\u00c3 \u00a9 and the range of paid job opportunities , including gardening and car valeting . In March 2015 patients at risk of suicide were found to be kept , but the trust said it monitors \" ligature risks \" , which are fixed points which someone could use to harm themselves . \" Heat maps \" are used to show patients at risk of suicide . Dr John Brewin , trust executive , said : \" I am that the work of all of our staff has been reflected . \" Our staff have a focus on providing care for our patients and this report is to that commitment . \" Improvements are needed in the areas of care plans , staff supervision , bed availability and delays in patients accessing therapies , the CQC said . The trust was found to have relationships with the community and police .", "The 33-1 shot , ridden by David Mullins and trained by Mouse Morris , triumphed at Aintree in April to become the novice to win the race since 1958 . The nine-year-old , owned by the Gigginstown House Stud , has recovered from a cracked pelvis . \" We did want to send him to Aintree with a weight , that would be ,\" said Gigginstown 's racing manager Eddie O'Leary . \" He provided us with our Grand National and we 'll forget him . \" BBC horse racing correspondent Cornelius Lysaght : \" As the Grand National winner for owner Michael O'Leary's burgeoning Gigginstown House Stud as the novice chaser to win the race in 60 years , Rule The World has his place in history . \" Though he ran at Punchestown after Aintree , O'Leary had hinted that , having defied injury to reach one of the pinnacles , he had done his bit . \" What a season for Gigginstown , with success at Aintree , in the Irish National and Cheltenham Gold Cup , but at a price . Rule the World has been retired and there are doubts whether Gold Cup winner Don Cossack will race . \"", "Adam Mitchell is believed to have been in a pub in Inverness' Baron Taylor Street on Wednesday night week . Police Scotland said CCTV images show him near the Harry Fairbairn BMW garage on Longman Road at 00:52 on Thursday . Coastguard and police helicopters and the RNLI 's Kessock lifeboat were involved in making searches of Inverness Harbour and Beauly Firth . The effort followed up on searches made week . Family and friends said Mr Mitchell 's failure to return to his home in the Culduthel area was out of character . Mr Mitchell is described as 5ft 11in in height , build with hair and a beard . seen he was wearing a leather jacket , a denim vest , jeans and boots .", "The actor , who was known to millions as Coronation Street binman Eddie Yeats in the 1970s and 1980s , died \" in his sleep \" on Friday night . It followed a \" battle \" with prostate cancer , his family said . Hughes , who lived on the Isle of Wight , was known for his roles as Twiggy in TV comedy The Royle Family and Onslow in Keeping Up Appearances . He had thought he had beaten prostate cancer in 2009 , but was told it had returned after collapsing at home in 2010 . Hughes appeared in 1960s shows as Z-Cars and The Likely Lads . He was the voice of Paul McCartney in the Beatles film Yellow Submarine . roles included Vernon in Heartbeat and Uncle Keith in drama Skins , guest-starring in episodes of Doctor Who , Casualty , Boon and The Upper Hand . A Coronation Street spokeswoman said : \" We are to hear of the death of Geoffrey Hughes . \" He created a and character in Eddie Yeats who will be part of Coronation Street . Everyone connected with the programme sends our condolences to his family . \" Coronation Street star William Roache , who plays Ken Barlow , said : \" I am to hear about Geoffrey . He was a , actor , with comedy timing . \" He will be missed , one of the Street 's characters . \" Helen Worth , who plays Gail McIntyre in Coronation Street , said : \" Geoff was a friend for years , and I 'm to hear the news of his passing . \" He was a master of comedy and brought pleasure to people . He will be missed . \" Sally Lindsay , who played barmaid Shelley Unwin in Corrie , wrote on Twitter that her TV job was playing Twiggy 's girlfriend in The Royle Family , \" and he was RIP man x \" . Hughes was appointed Deputy Lord Lieutenant for the Isle of Wight in 2009 , providing the link between the island and royalty at events .", "Jamie Taggart , from Argyll and Bute , failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the area . He has been seen since 2 November , his rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa . Mr Taggart , 41 , runs Linn Botanic Gardens in the village of Cove on the Rosneath peninsula and serves the area as a retained firefighter . police and the embassy in Hanoi have been informed about his disappearance . Friend and botanist Ian Sinclair , who has been liaising with the search parties , said they had been hampered by weather . \" The snow is continuing to melt , but there is a amount of snow damage to the forest as collapsed trees ,\" he said . \" The weather has been , with snow to Sapa . This is as Sapa is rainforest . \" A group from the park will be doing an search once the snow melts . \" A search to begin on Tuesday will concentrate on four trails inside the forest of Lai Chau and Lao Cai , he said . Family and friends of Mr Taggart in his hometown of Cove have issued an appeal for funds to help cover the cost of the search . A Facebook page - Jamie Taggart Search - has been set up . Organisations and individuals have raised thousands of pounds , including Annie Ferguson of Cove who donated her \u00c2 \u00a3 14.50 savings . The botanist 's father , Jim Taggart , found out his son was he failed to appear on a scheduled flight to Scotland on 29 November . He had arrived at a guest house in Sapa on 30 October and left on a motorbike taxi to explore the hills . On 2 November his rucksack and passport were found at the accommodation . Dr Taggart told BBC Radio Scotland that he had received a handful of text messages from his son before contact stopped . \" I do think he had got lost . Either something happened to him on his day on the hills or there is some explanation we can guess at ,\" he said . A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesman said : \" We are in contact with the authorities and are providing assistance to the family at this time . \"", "The RAC said the prices were to a combination of rising oil prices , and the devaluation of the pound after June 's Brexit vote . petrol prices rose by 4.4p to 116.7p per litre and diesel prices rose 5.2p to 118.7p per litre . The motoring body said these were the increases for three and a half years . Its fuel spokesman , Simon Williams , said retailers had \" no choice \" but to put up prices on garage forecourts . \" The effects of the pound have been felt on the wholesale market , and this , combined with an oil price at double its level in 2016 , has put pressure on fuel prices ,\" he said . \" , we are a way from the fuel prices enjoyed by families and businesses in 2016 , the price of unleaded was around 102p per litre and diesel was 101p ,\" he added . According to the RAC , the increases mean it costs \u00c2 \u00a3 64.20 to fill the 55-litre petrol tank of a family car . it costs \u00c2 \u00a3 65.25 to fill up a tank in a diesel car . The RAC suggested that the price of fuel might stabilise in the coming months . \" Opec , which represents some of the world 's oil producers , agreed in principle a cut in production ,\" said Mr Williams . \" But a deal is to be agreed at an Opec meeting at the end of this month and , with some analysts suggesting a deal might stall , this leaves open the prospect oil prices might stabilise or fall before the end of the year ,\" he added .", "East Oxford residents have been complaining about the behaviour of Oxford Brookes students on nights out . In the letter Andrea Siret , head of community engagement , said students could face action . One resident told the BBC he heard students \" screaming \" . Ross Clark said : \" We 've had students running over cars in our street , things . \" At two o'clock in the morning they 're all running in shopping trolleys , screaming . It is a thing . \" you get [ neighbours ] you 're in trouble . \" The letter tells students to \" show consideration to their neighbours , including students passing through areas to attend venues , as residents are sleeping \" . It reads : \" We are about the volume of complaints we have received ... we believe that the majority of these complaints are caused by students on their way to or returning from a night out . \" The university takes its responsibilities as a neighbour within the community . \" All students at Oxford Brookes University accept , as a condition of enrolment , that they will act in a way that brings the university into disrepute . This includes students living in accommodation . \" Oxford City Council has set Oxford 's universities a target of no than 3,000 students each living in accommodation . , 3,747 Oxford Brookes students rented homes year , with residing in the Oxford area .", "Four wards were closed to visitors at Arrowe Park Hospital , Wirral , on Monday before the visiting ban was extended on Thursday . The ban does affect Wirral Women and Children 's Hospitals . Gaynor Westray , director of nursing and midwifery at the hospital , said the decision was \" in the interests of our patients \" . She said : \" The safety of our patients is to us and it is an decision to make but this will help us contain the spread of this bug . \" The hospital has asked the public to visit its accident and emergency department if they have symptoms of the bug . Norovirus - which causes vomiting , stomach cramps , fever and diarrhoea - is spread from person to person . Symptoms begin between 12 to 48 hours after a person becomes infected , with people making a recovery within one to three days . Arrowe Park has given an indication of the ban is to remain in effect .", "Two men , 23 and 24 , had a substance thrown over them at 19:00 BST on Tuesday on Roman Road , Bethnal Green , east London . Rahad Hussain , 23 , has been charged with wounding with intent to do bodily harm and possession of an weapon , acid . He was remanded in custody he appeared at Thames Magistrates' Court . Mr Hussain , of no fixed address , gave no indication of a plea . He is to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on 29 August .", "The Tribunal de Commerce decided SeaFrance 's future after a bailout by the government was ruled by the European Commission . The court said an offer by a cooperative of employees was . Hundreds of jobs in France are expected to be lost . Three ferries were operated by SeaFrance on the Dover to Calais route . The service was suspended in November . Conservative MP for Dover and Deal Charlie Elphicke said : \" It is a concern for the ... people in Dover who have worked for SeaFrance and their families . \" This is a day and I think the heart of the community goes out to them . \" it 's a blow , [ if ] SeaFrance is operating that means there 's ferry traffic . \" There were tears from SeaFrance workers who gathered outside the court in Paris to hear the decision on the firm 's future . were protesting over the handling of SeaFrance 's fate , with one banner questioning president , Nikolas Sarkozy had intervened to save the company . Flares were lit in protest at the company 's liquidation . Eurotunnel has ruled out a bid for the cross-channel ferry firm , which employs 1,000 people . Mr Elphicke said of Eurotunnel 's proposals : \" people will want to know that they were going to buy them [ SeaFrance 's ferries ] in order to scrap them . \" We need to make they give a plan as to they are in the ferry business and going to take out capacity . \" Everyone is working as they can to ensure that their jobs will be safeguarded and working as they can to ensure that those ships will be on route with a buyer and a purchaser . \" A spokesman said Eurotunnel would \" be working to see what the value of the assets \" were before making any decision . The firm went into receivership in 2010 and its company 's ferries carried than 3.5 million passengers a year on the Dover to Calais route . A spokeswoman from SeaFrance said : \" SeaFrance is to announce that the Tribunal de Commerce in Paris has made the decision to liquidate the company . \" Despite the efforts of all parties , the court came to the conclusion that none of the options to it were . \" Provision has been made to ensure that all customers with bookings will receive refunds . \" She urged customers to contact SeaFrance for details .", "His solicitor Julia Cooper has asked Surrey Police to explain a statement that he had confessed to the murder . Bellfield , 47 , was given a prison sentence in June 2011 for murdering the schoolgirl . Surrey Police confirmed it had received a letter from Bellfield 's solicitors but said it was standing by its statement on the confession . Milly was kidnapped while on her way from school to her home in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , in March 2002 . Ms Cooper said Bellfield , known as Yusuf Rahim , believed a \" tape \" may have been used to record his response to a police interview in prison . She said \" my client denies giving a confession \" . She has written to Surrey Police requesting the tape recording and notes from the meeting . Ms Cooper said Bellfield contacted her after Surrey Police distributed its press statement relating to the Dowler case . She said Bellfield denies all the crimes for which he has been convicted . month , Surrey Police revealed Bellfield had made the admission during an investigation into whether he had an accomplice involved in the abduction and rape , but murder , of Milly . The force said it stood by its statement . A police source speaking to the BBC would comment on the admission was recorded . Milly 's body was found 25 miles from she was kidnapped , in Yateley Heath , Hampshire . Experts could say she died . Bellfield was found of abducting and murdering the teenager following a trial at the Old Bailey a judge described him as a \" and killer \" . He was in jail for the murders of Amelie Delagrange , 22 , and Marsha McDonnell , 19 , and the attempted murder of Kate Sheedy , 18 , he went on trial accused of killing Milly . He lived 50 yards from Milly vanished but did become a suspect until he was arrested by police in London for the crimes in 2004 . On Wednesday , the Dowler family revealed harrowing details of Milly 's hours , saying they had been made of her suffering year after Bellfield had spoken to police .", "It backed plans to issue fines , and resort to charges for offenders . Selling , buying and producing the drug will remain and the move must be ratified by parliament . According to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , 9 % of Israelis use cannabis , though some experts believe the figure to be . The move follows recommendations by a committee set up to study the issue , and moves by a number of US states and nations to decriminalise use of the drug . \" On the one hand we are opening ourselves up to the future . On the hand , we understand the dangers and will try to balance the two ,\" Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his cabinet of the vote . Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked said : \" Israel cannot shut its eyes to the changes being made across the world in respect to marijuana consumption and its effects . \" , Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan added that the move was \" an step on the way to implementing a policy that will emphasise education and treatment of enforcement \" . Under the system , users who are caught and confess will be fined 1,000 shekels ( \u00c2 \u00a3 220 ; $ 270 ) , with this doubling on the occasion . Probation will apply the time and a case would lead to charges . Israel is one of the world leaders in research into use of marijuana .", "The striker , who scored 25 Premier League goals season , turned down the contract offer in Everton 's history in March . \" I do want to stay at the level . I want to improve and I know I want to do that ,\" Belgian Lukaku said on Monday . club Chelsea , who he signed for in 2011 , remain favourites to complete a deal for Lukaku . The Premier League champions , Manchester United and Bayern Munich have been linked with a move for Lukaku , who has been at Everton since 2013 . \" We are talking to the club . I know what 's happening , but I will leave the talks to my agent ,\" he added to journalists after Belgium beat the Czech Republic in a friendly in Brussels . \" I know what 's happening , but I ca tell you anything . \" What I would like is to play in the Champions League and try to win the Premier League . Or - a times . \" Lukaku is represented by Mino Raiola , the agent who helped negotiate Paul Pogba 's \u00a3 89m move to Manchester United summer .", "The rock legends' set went out on the BBC World Service as part of Alexis Korner 's Rhythm and Blues programme and was taped from an AM radio in Europe . It includes the band 's known recording of the track Sunshine Woman . The session recording has been restored with help from guitarist Jimmy Page for inclusion on a compilation . The Complete BBC Sessions , which will be released in September , is a remastered update of a 1997 collection of tracks recorded for the BBC between 1969 and 1971 . It includes eight unreleased recordings , including the broadcast of Stairway To Heaven , from the BBC Paris Cinema in London on 1 April 1971 . Versions of songs from the band 's two albums feature , including Communication Breakdown and What Is And What Should Be . Formed in 1968 , Led Zeppelin went to become one of the world 's bands , with each of their studio albums making the 10 of the US Billboard charts . They split in 1980 , following the death of drummer John Bonham . The remaining members reformed for a 2007 concert in London , with Bonham 's son Jason playing drums .", "The woman was taken to hospital after the incident involving a inmate at Maghaberry Prison , near Lisburn , on Monday . Adrian Smith from the Prison Officers Association ( POA ) told BBC News NI the woman was one of the prison officers . He said he believed she was attacked with a weapon \" made from a razor \" . \" She has an three inch cut below her ear ,\" he said . \" With the increasing budget cuts , I believe this will happen ,\" he added . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" The Prison Service condemns this attack and has referred the incident to the PSNI \" .", "Royal Mail predicts that on what it calls Take-back Tuesday there will be a rise of than 50 % in returns against December 's average . Clothing and footwear are the items to be returned . People are expected to flock to shops at lunchtime to give gifts , but may face issues getting a refund . Catherine Shuttleworth , from consumer analysts Savvy Marketing , told the BBC : \" The problem for people will be that without a gift receipt they will be to get a return at the price at which an item was purchased . \" Prices have been slashed in the Boxing Day and January sales , and there is to be stock if shoppers are wanting to return and replace an item , as it is a product will be on the shelf . \" It is shoppers who could have problems - there are issues for the companies themselves . \" It poses challenges for retailers in terms of staffing for returns and ensuring that returns policies are adhered to ,\" Ms Shuttleworth said . \" This year , returns are complicated by the level of discounting before Christmas gifts were purchased - so retailers have the challenge of managing their [ profit ] margin on returns . \" You can expect to see queues in retailers at exchange points , which are a position for the retailer or shopper . \" Find out about your rights clothes shoppers send something back Royal Mail 's figures for the expected surge in returns is based on the number of parcels handled by its Tracked Returns service , which is used by than 1,000 e-retailers . A Royal Mail survey of 1,517 UK shoppers , looking at the number of items sent , discovered that 30 % of them returned women 's clothes , 17 % men 's clothes , 16 % footwear and 7 % children 's clothes . And in a survey of 1,505 shoppers in the UK , 38 % said that a returns policy was to make them do shopping in this way . The volume of returns through Royal Mail in the year took place in January 2016 .", "Simon Hamilton said if they want the standard of health and care , the configuration of services is going to work . Mr Hamilton pulled no punches in his keynote address in his role . He said the challenge was the absence of agreement on the future of health and care . Mr Hamilton acknowledged the worries that reform will lead to the closure of facilities . But he added that its growing and ageing population means Northern Ireland has to do things . In a hard-hitting speech with lots of talking , the minister said attachments to the bricks and mortar of the National Health Service [ NHS ] must act as a barrier that inhibits people from getting the healthcare . , he called on people to embrace change and allow the NHS to move with the times .", "Melissa Morton , 12 , was among 34 pupils at Brentwood School in Essex aboard a coach that crashed into a motorway bridge near Middelkerke , West Flanders . Her father Keith Morton said she had been \" disturbed by it all \" . The school said some staff needed hospital treatment , but all pupils were in school week . The coach , which was heading to Cologne in Germany for a languages trip , hit a bridge on the A18 ( E40 ) near Middelkerke during the morning of 28 June . Driver James Chance , who worked for a coach firm in County Antrim , Northern Ireland , was killed . A driver was injured . Two boys who were hurt , with one receiving head injuries and another having a broken leg , have been to the school to meet their friends , a spokesman said . He said some injured teachers , including one who suffered a broken collarbone , had continued to receive hospital treatment and were to continue recovering for a number of weeks until they could return to work . Some pupils and staff are receiving counselling . Keith Morton , whose daughter Melissa escaped , told BBC Essex she was \" \" . \" There 's been some situations and nights and it 's quite a shock for her ,\" he said . \" There was one occasion she had to get into a coach and was by it all . \" The school 's master David Taylor said he had spoken to police in Belgium and it was \" going to be a process \" to find out what caused the crash , but he said he would like trips to continue .", "Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice , he has been training since pre-season . \" I would say ,\" the 32-year-old said of the possibility of signing for the Scottish Premiership club . \" If they came to me and were , I would consider it . \" Daly spent six years at Tannadice and ended as club captain . \" I am training at Dundee United ,\" he told BBC Scotland . \" pre-season came about and I had got a club , I rang manager Jackie McNamara and asked if I could go in . \" They are a club with some players . \" I would say , but United would need to want me . \" The United States appears to be a destination for Daly . \" I am looking than Scotland ,\" he said . \" I 'm looking . \" At the moment , there are a clubs , but they have their forum of allocated players so they need to lose one or two of them before they can move . \" It is looking like January before the market can come about , so I might need to get something term until . \" Daly had no regrets about his move to Rangers , who helped the Ibrox side win Scotland 's tier before dropping to the bench for of season in the Championship . \" I was out of contract with Dundee United and at the time they were prepared to offer a contract ,\" he said . \" I spoke to Ally McCoist , they were prepared to offer two years . \" A lot of people say you are dropping down the divisions , which is a point , but it is going to a club of stature , history , fan base , playing at Ibrox every week and training at Murray Park every day . \" I was to go to a club like that and play for a man that I respected in Ally McCoist . \"", "The man - identified as a surnamed Pang - was held in the Guangxi region and brought to the capital , Xinhua said . Pang made a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec , driving three times than the limit . A video of his feat in August became an internet sensation in China . In April , two men crashed a Ferrari and a Lamborghini as they staged what reports said was a \" and \" race in the capital , referring to the film franchise . The drivers were sentenced to five and four months in jail .", "It said 8 % of councils had built to replace half of their stock sold through the scheme , which allows council tenants to buy their homes . The charity said there was a danger of some areas having no homes . The government said it was to building 275,000 homes over the course of this parliament . to Buy was introduced in the 1980s under Margaret Thatcher 's government and was given a boost in 2012 discounts for tenants were increased to \u00c2 \u00a3 75,000 . In this year 's Queen 's speech the government announced the scheme was being extended to 1.3m housing association tenants in England . Shelter , which looked at figures from the Department for Communities and Local Government , said two of the 166 councils in England listed as selling properties through Right to Buy had succeeded in replacing than 100 % of the properties sold . Under existing policy , the government has promised that each home sold after 2012 would be replaced . The charity 's executive Campbell Robb warned the problem of council homes being replaced was to get , leaving some areas with no homes . \" At this rate they 'll be black-spots across the country no-one on a income can afford to live ,\" he said . 1. North Kesteven 187 % 2. New Forest 128 % 3. Waverley 89 % 4. Barking and Dagenham 88 % 5. Winchester 81 % 6. Ipswich 80 % 7. Tandridge 79 % 8. Castle Point 71 % 9. Hounslow 64 % 10. South Cambridgeshire 59 % The Local Government Association ( LGA ) , which represents councils in England and Wales , said council housing programmes were hampered by rules and restrictions on the use of receipts from sales of homes . LGA housing spokesman Peter Box said : \" It is that councils are given the powers to replace housing sold through Right to Buy and as part of the Spending Review . \" Councils need to be to retain 100 % of receipts from sales while to Buy discounts should be set so they reflect the cost of houses in the area . \" Mr Box said the LGA estimated this would allow councils to replace 50,000 homes sold over the lifetime of the Parliament . The government said 40,000 homeowners had been created since it increased discounts for council tenants in 2012 . A spokesman added : \" Councils are continuing to fulfil the requirement to deliver one for one replacements within three years , and over 3,000 replacement homes have been delivered across England . \" We have been that if councils do deliver one for one replacements for the homes sold under Right to Buy the government will . \"", "If made law , the measure will put a 20 % ceiling on any stakes in media , including those held through partners . Russia 's media outlets are state-owned or controlled by oligarchs . But Putin ally Sergei Zheleznyak said Russia was facing \" an information war unleashed against the country \" . TV news has accused the government of provoking clashes in Ukraine through acts of aggression , including shelling of civilians . The Kiev government blames separatists for the violence , and says Russia has fomented it by supplying soldiers and weapons to the rebels . The media bill is to go before Duma ( house ) deputies on 23 September , Itar-Tass news agency reports . The restrictions would apply to magazines and internet publications as newspapers and broadcast media . The bill is to become law as it was proposed by MPs who support the group United Russia . BBC Monitoring reports that foreigners own stakes in some mainstream media :", "The futures of Aston and Coventry stations were discussed by West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority . The authority , which said it needed buildings for a \" \" fire service , approved its budget . Plans to demolish Aston 's Ettington Road fire station , which was built in 1923 , will go before planners . Phil Hales , deputy officer of West Midlands Fire Service , said Aston residents would be consulted as part of the planning process . The authority says that Coventry 's Radford Road station , which was built in 1976 , is to run and maintain . A station at Aston could cost \u00c2 \u00a3 7.5m , while the Coventry scheme could cost an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 6.7m . English Heritage has said it expected to be consulted on the proposal to demolish Aston fire station if the plan was put . \" Aston fire station was listed at Grade II in 2010 and recognised as a building which works with its surroundings and is a symbol of pride ,\" a spokesperson said .", "A woman got out of the vehicle and an man jumped in and took the car . Police said it happened at Boucher Crescent in Belfast at 17:25 GMT . Members of the public managed to stop the car but the man fled on foot . A time a man in his 30s was arrested and remains in custody . The two children were .", "The 31-year-old has joined the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season . Tubbs could be handed his Eastleigh debut in the National League game at Kidderminster on Tuesday . Ex-Bournemouth striker Tubbs has scored five goals for League Two side Portsmouth this season but he has featured for Pompey since October .", "Administrators' reports suggest around \u00a3 7m of \u00a3 10.25m lent to Northampton Town by the borough Council was passed to 1st Land Limited . A total of \u00a3 2.65m was given to David Cardoza and his father , Anthony . David Cardoza declined to comment , saying : \" I 'm under confidentiality ca speak . \" A report from March this year showed a dispute arose between the Cardozas and 1st Land , which has gone into administration , over the money . The Cardozas called it a \" Joint Venture Fee \" - money paid to one party to help carry out a jointly-run project - but 1st Land said it was a loan . It is what has happened to the money . The \u00a3 10.25m loan was paid to the League Two club for the redevelopment of the East Stand at Sixfields Stadium , along with a hotel and conference centre - none of which have been completed . Contractors Buckingham Group were appointed to carry out the works , with 1st Land appointed to oversee the development . the company went into administration , it owed Northampton Town \u00a3 7.3m and Buckingham Group than \u00a3 2m . The Cardozas and businessmen , Howard Grossman , his son Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick , feature as directors of firms with business links to 1st Land and a company appointed to oversee the development - County Developments ( Northampton ) Limited or CDNL . of these companies have gone into liquidation . Howard Grossman is listed as the director of 1st Land ; which is owned by another Grossman firm , County Group . The report lists payments of \u00a3 314,000 to Howard Grossman for his salary ; \u00a3 1.475m to County Homes ( Herts ) Ltd and \u00a3 233,000 to County Cemetery Services Limited . The director of County Homes is Howard Grossman . County Cemetery Services lists two directors : Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . David Cardoza was a director of the company until August year . It has gone into administration - but before a sale agreement was made with a company called Centurion Infinity Limited ; whose directors are Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . After the collapse of 1st Land , CDNL took over the job of facilitating the Sixfields development . Its directors are listed as David and Anthony Cardoza , while Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick resigned directorships in January . That company has entered liquidation . The club faces a winding-up petition , to be heard on 16 November , from HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) .", "Mr Philippe , 48 , was arrested after appearing as a guest on a radio programme in Port-au-Prince week . He was flown to the US to face the charges . Dozens of his supporters attended the hearing in Miami , demanding his release . Mr Philippe was elected to his country 's senate , \" We are to support Senator Guy Philippe . We all feel like he is ,\" said Senator Evince Francois . \" We are to let him know we stand up behind him . We think this is all politics ,\" he told the Associated Press news agency . Until week , the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) listed Mr Philippe as a wanted man on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine and money laundering His arrest , on 5 January , came days before he was to be sworn in as a senator , which would have given him some immunity from prosecution . Campaign group Human Rights Watch has accused him of overseeing killings . Mr Philippe , Haiti 's police chief , denies any wrongdoing . He took part in the 2004 rebellion that removed President Jean Bertrand Aristide from power . The Senate , elected in November , was sworn in on Monday , with president Jovenel Moise to take office on 7 February . Haiti has been led by President Jocelerme Privert since February 2016 Michel Martelly stepped down at the end of his term .", "Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust has 285 vacancies across three sites , which cover Surrey and Berkshire . The cost of living in the south of England is said to be a factor affecting recruitment . Each applicant will receive a maximum of \u00a3 1,340 in subsidies . Nurses will be offered accommodation at Wexham Park Hospital in Slough , Frimley Park near Camberley and Heatherwood Hospital in Ascot . Marko Novosil moved from Croatia to become a nurse at Wexham Park after hearing about the incentive . \" The thing for coming was the support . I realised that I started I would get the accommodation which helped me settle in \" , he said . Wexham Park Hospital matron Helen Noakes said : \" Rental prices are in this area , which means people do struggle and the one thing that we can offer people is the accommodation they start . \" term we would look to help them find in the area to live . \" the rent for a property in Slough is \u00a3 897 , whereas the average for the sort of property in Camberley is \u00a3 930 . The cost for a room in both areas ranges from \u00a3 500 to \u00a3 550 .", "Those arrested include two builders , police officers and municipality officials . The apartment building came crashing down on Thursday . Correspondents say building collapses are in India , with construction practices blamed . In pictures : Mumbai building collapse There is demand for housing , and corruption leads to cost-cutting and a lack of safety inspections , correspondents say . Police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi said the builders were arrested for paying bribes to police and officials to construct the building in the Mumbai suburb of Thane without any sanction . Mr Raghuvanshi said on Sunday that the nine would be charged with homicide and causing death by negligence , once the investigation into the accident had been completed . If convicted , they face sentences of up to life in prison . of the victims of the Thane collapse were daily wage earners working at the site , and their families . The dead included 30 children and 18 women . Building work had continued at the block though four floors were occupied . One police official told the BBC that the collapse appeared to have been caused by the use of building material . Witnesses said the construction of the building started six weeks , since seven floors had been built . The floor was under construction . In a collapse in 2010 , 69 people were killed in Delhi .", "The 22-year-old leaves club Wigan Athletic after four years , having made 19 appearances . County boss Jim McIntyre described Chow as \" a box-to-box midfielder with athleticism \" . \" He came through Wigan 's academy system and has got energy ,\" the manager added . The Dingwall side visit Hamilton Academical on Saturday , having won two of their three Scottish Premiership matches . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "Fox has spent the five years as officer at Premier League rivals Arsenal and replaces Paul Faulkner , who left Villa Park in July . \" I was and flattered by Tom 's interest in the job ,\" said owner Randy Lerner , who put the club up for sale in May but is to find a buyer . \" His reputation as a leader and team builder makes him , to my mind , a fit to take our club . \" Fox had been with the Gunners since 2009 and brings than 25 years' experience of sports marketing to Villa . \" Aston Villa has been an club in English football and it has a and history of success at the top of the game ,\" Fox said . \" The chance to help restore the club to its place in the Premier League is a challenge I 'm energised by and looking to . \"", "Interest and participation has increased in years across the country , according to the Outdoor Swimming Society . Eighty swims are being held over the 2015 season , with taking place on Christmas or Boxing Day . Safety advice has been issued by the society for the time . Spokesman Will Cairns said it was expecting people to take part this year in the sea , rivers and lidos . \" What 's this year is the temperature of the water . \" It 's three to four degrees in places than it was this time year . Temperature does play a part . \" He said membership numbers increased from 15,000 year to 25,000 this year and that 40 % of members swim throughout the winter . \" The Christmas swims appeal to the psyche of doing something , something and ,\" he said . - Do take part if you are , suffer from asthma or have a heart condition . - Get before the swim and remove your clothing at the minute . - Go in feet , head , and control your breathing before immersing your shoulders . - Have expectations of you will be in for or you will go - Dry off and put on layers within ten minutes of getting out Charlie Hoskin , 33 , from Cornwall , described herself as a \" cold-water bathing enthusiast \" who swims in the sea at Christmas . \" The sensation is . It is a way to test your constitution and boost your system ,\" she said . Daniel Fox has been photographing the Exmouth Christmas Day swim since 2007 . \" Its getting and the atmosphere is . Costumes are getting and there are and people taking part ,\" he said . \" There are 1,000 swimmers , thousands of spectators and tens of thousands watch by webcam we have a audience \" . Brian Thomas from the Serpentine Swimming Club in London said : \" We have seen a growth in numbers over the five years \" . He said its Christmas swimming race tradition began in 1864 and 100 people take part after a vetting process . \" Swimming in a wetsuit is cheating \" he said , although stressed that the club has \" guidelines \" making participants have acclimatised .", "The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) has stripped the three of their gold medals , won in Beijing in 2008 . They were among eight athletes sanctioned for doping - the to be caught under a retesting programme . The International Weightlifting Federation ( IWF ) year ruled any nations with three or tests would be banned for a year . The IOC is retesting hundreds of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games , using techniques to uncover cheating that went at the time . Cao Lei , 33 , took gold in the women 's weightlifting event at Beijing , Chen Xiexia , 34 , won the women 's 48kg and Liu Chunhong , 31 , was in the women 's 69kg . All will have to return their medals . The failed retests were uncovered year but the sanctions - announced by the IOC on Thursday - will clear the way for the IWF to act . The IWF issued measures before year 's Rio Olympics to crack down on doping in the sport . Its board decided \" federations confirmed to have produced three or rule violations in the combined re-analysis process of the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games shall be suspended for one year \" . Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan , Russia and Belarus have been banned by the IWF . The five athletes to be sanctioned by the IOC are : \" The protection of athletes and the fight against doping are priorities for the IOC ,\" a spokesperson said ,", "Research by The Local Data Company ( LDC ) and the University of Stirling found the vacancy rate dropped from 14.5 % to 13.7 % . East Kilbride has the rate of all towns , at 33 % , while Inverurie has the , at 1 % . The study found that 40 % of Scotland 's shops have remained for than three years . It suggested that town vacancy rates have improved at twice the rate of Scotland 's cities . The towns were Anstruther , Clydebank , Dumfries , Inverkeithing , Lochgelly , Peterhead and Pitlochry . Five towns have maintained vacancy rates at than 6 % for the three years - Inverurie , Ellon , North Berwick , Dunbar and Biggar . At the end of the scale , rates in five towns have remained above 22 % over the three years - Banff , Dumbarton , Cumbernauld , East Kilbride and Ardrossan . Dundee had the proportion of vacancy , at 11 % . Anstruther was found to have the proportion of shops ( 86 %) , while Gretna had the ( 5 %) . Leisure is an presence in cities and towns , accounting for 39 % of stock in Edinburgh and Glasgow . Leisure businesses account for than 30 % of shops in Renfrew , St Andrews , Lochgelly and Fort William . Aberdeen has the proportion of charity shops for a city , at 4.2 % , while Penicuik in Midlothian has the proportion of charity shops for a town , at 8.9 % . Matthew Hopkinson , director at the Local Data Company , said : \" The report identifies trends as quashes perceptions that deprived towns ca succeed . \" Of significance is that in towns 40 % of the units have been for than three years . \" Such a figure implies obsolescence and a barrier to and places and communities . \" The study looked into the health of streets in than 100 cities and towns of the border .", "Lufthansa lost an appeal to a Frankfurt labour court , but is making a challenge that could go into Tuesday evening . The strike , called over a pay dispute , will affect 100,000 passengers , Lufthansa said . The action is part of a pay dispute at Lufthansa . The union Vereinigung Cockpit ( VC ) has organised 14 strikes since April 2014 . and flights from Germany will be affected from 00:01 to 23:59 time ( 23:01-22:59 GMT ) . Flights by Lufthansa 's airlines including Eurowings , Swiss , Austrian Airlines , Air Dolomiti and Brussels Airlines are affected by the strike , the airline said . Pay talks between the Vereinigung union and the airline broke down this month , and Lufthansa said the union had \" rejected the offer \" of mediation . The union is calling for a 3.7 % pay rise for 5,400 pilots dating to 2012 . Lufthansa , which is facing increasing competition from budget rivals , offered a 2.5 % increase over the six years until 2019 . , a dispute with cabin crew at Lufthansa 's subsidiary , Eurowings , led it to cancel than 60 flights on Tuesday .", "The leak happened at the Worthy Farm site in Somerset in June 2014 and damaged water quality and killed fish . Founder Michael Eavis , who was at Yeovil Magistrates' Court , said the sewage was in a \u00a3 100,000 slurry tank . The Glastonbury Festival is one of the UK 's music events , with some 175,000 people attending each year . During the hearing , the judge was told that 42 fish were killed by the sewage after a \" quantity \" of sewage filtered into Whitelake River . Sensors in the stream alerted the Environment Agency to increased ammonia levels . The court was told fish - including protected trout - died as a result . Glastonbury Festival 2014 admitted the charge against it . Prosecuting , Kieran Martyn said : \" The impact was ... It extended for at 4km . \" Representing the festival , Kerry Gwyther , said the leak in the tank was a \" incident \" and as was being made out . \" We do accept that it was a incident as described by the agency ,\" he said . \" The leak period was eight hours . We do accept that there was a effect on water quality and the fish health . \" costs were incurred in terms of a clean up . \" The case has been adjourned while both parties put background reports . court Michael Eavis said : \" , I 'm for what 's happened . \" We had a problem - there were 200,000 people and we were storing slurry . \" It was a tank for holding farm slurry , but on this occasion we were using it for the festival sewage and it was starting to leak . \" It was a brand build , it cost me \u00a3 100,000 , so that 's my defence . \" Another issue to be decided is the seriousness of the breach . If it is a category one offence , the festival would be in line for a fine of between \u00a3 55,000 to \u00a3 300,000 or , if it is deemed a category two the would be \u00a3 20,000 . The defence team told the court any fine should be in line with the company 's finances . They said the festival 's profit was \u00a3 84,000 a year before tax . But the prosecution said turnover was \u00a3 37m . Mr Gwyther said the site donated \u00a3 2m in 2015 to a number of charities , including the Somerset Wildlife Trust and WaterAid . District Judge David Taylor said there was \" differences between one account to another \" and said there would be a hearing to decide the facts before sentencing . Kasabian , Dolly Parton and Metallica headlined the festival in 2014 .", "Spaniard Valdes , 34 , has made eight appearances for Liege since joining in January , helping them win the Belgian Cup final in March , but is injured . In a statement , Liege said they had decided to play their players for the rest of the season . Valdes' contract with United will expire this summer . Barcelona player Valdes clashed with United manager Louis van Gaal in July before a proposed move to club Besiktas collapsed the following month . want to miss the Man Utd news ? You can add United and all the sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home .", "The education secretary wants the GCSE system updated to include and subjects . In a motion in the House of Commons , he will call for a \" consensus \" on education policy . \" We have a mismatch between the education system and the labour market ,\" says Mr Hunt . Mr Hunt is understood to want a \" \" approach to opposition after Labour 's election defeat . The motion in the House of Commons will emphasise the goals of wanting to improve education to drive growth and calls on the government to create a review \" to cover exams , institutions and curriculum \" . Mr Hunt wants to build a consensus on moving from the GCSE system , which he argues needs to be overhauled the leaving age has risen to 18 and these are the school-leaving exams . The education secretary wants a baccalaureate system incorporating both and exams . But such a change would need to be introduced over a period than the Parliament - and Mr Hunt 's move is an attempt to \" begin a conversation \" . Mr Hunt says that the exams system is delivering the skills needed for the labour market . \" We need a consensus to put it . That is I am calling on the government to initiate a review of 14-19 education in this country . \" We should leave nothing off the table . Our goal should be establishing consensus on the changes needed in our 14-19 education system to secure for our country the growth and productivity that we need to succeed . \" Education Secretary Nicky Morgan promised during the election campaign there would be no \" upheaval or change \" in the five years . The changes to the exam system and curriculum , announced in the coalition government , will be implemented during the Parliament . These include phasing in a \" \" set of GCSEs and A-levels , with coursework and modules and a emphasis on exams at the end of two years . On Tuesday , the education secretary announced that the revised grading system for GCSEs would have a pass mark than at present .", "Caterpillar is the world 's manufacturer of construction equipment . The firm has operations in Larne , Newtownabbey and west Belfast . Caterpillar 's Northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and makes diesel generators . The firm has been hit by a downturn in mining and oil exploration which has reduced demand for its products . It is understood that the company may announce cuts across its operations beyond Northern Ireland . It has axed thousands of jobs since year as part of a restructuring programme . Since 2011 it has shed than 1,000 posts in Northern Ireland and moved some work to factories in China . It is understood night-shifts have been cancelled , with staff told to expect news on Thursday . Caterpillar refused to comment on any jobs announcement yesterday . But a spokesman added : \" Caterpillar is to communicating and with our employees about the business environment and any resulting changes \" . Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in MP for West Belfast Paul Maskey said yesterday : \" Uncertainty over the future of Caterpillar 's operations in the north will be for workers and their families . \" \" It is that management keep all employees up to date with the information as ,\" he added . The company bought FG Wilson in 1999 . There have been manufacturing job losses in Northern Ireland over the year , including Michelin , JTI Gallahers and Bombardier .", "An IoD report , Ultrafast Britain , says the UK is lagging behind nations installing fibre cables that enable the broadband connections . It is calling for broadband access for homes and business . A government spokesperson said UK homes can get \" \" broadband . \" nine out of ten UK properties has access to speeds and 95 % of the UK will be reached by 2017 ,\" a spokesperson for the Department for Culture , Media and Sport told the BBC . But the IoD believes the target should be and is calling for speeds of 10 gigabits per second ( Gbps ) by 2030 , 1,000 times than the aim of 10 megabits per second ( Mbps ) by 2020 . \" is the time to set a target for broadband ,\" said Dan Lewis , advisor on Infrastructure Policy at the IoD , and author of the report . \" We have the leading internet economy in the G20 , and download speeds are and the coverage of fibre cable is . \" He added : \" , the Government 's target displays a poverty of ambition . \" Mr Lewis said the government needed to look at the UK could provide the infrastructure needed to maintain a position \" at the forefront of innovation in business \" . IoD members interviewed for the report said that broadband speeds could increase their company 's productivity , make them , and enable them to offer working to their staff . The IoD report comes days after communications watchdog Ofcom said BT must open up its cable network and allow competition to improve UK internet connections . Ofcom said there was a divide in the UK between those with the technologies , and those without . It has proposed that , broadband should be a right . Rivals had called for a split between BT and its Openreach operation , which runs its cables , fibre and network infrastructure . Companies as Sky , Vodafone and TalkTalk , who pay to use the network , had claimed that BT underinvested in Openreach , leading to a service with interruptions and speeds .", "Fire , police and coastguard teams were called to Butley Creek near Orford , Suffolk , on Wednesday by a member of the public who had seen the figure of a man lying in the water . The \" body \" turned out to be a work of art called A Thousand Tides , which has been at the site for than a year . A Suffolk Police spokesman described the work as \" \" . Read Suffolk stories The sculpture , by artist Laurence Edwards , was designed to be seen at tide and was intended to sink . , Mr Edwards said it had \" stayed on the surface than it should \" . He said : \" I 've been a bit that a helicopter would spot it and want to rescue it . \" To convince someone it 's a person is a achievement , although I would like to apologise to the person who called it in . \" The sculpture was a parting gift to the area from Mr Edwards , who had a studio and foundry works for 15 years until spring 2016 before moving to Halesworth . Mr Edwards' website says his work \" attempts to do justice to the locality and its history , by peopling it with figures that have survived the ravages of the water and the elements . \" Suffolk Police confirmed they attended Butley Creek , saying : \" Police received a call from a member of the public reporting what they believed to be a body in the river . \" The fire service and coastguard were called to assist , but a while this was confirmed to be a sculpture . \" A Thousand Tides is of Antony Gormley 's Another Place installation on Crosby beach in Merseyside , which depicts 100 bronze figures looking out over the Irish Sea .", "Adrian Simut , 35 , travelled to Newport train station , he thought he was meeting a girl called Sam . But he was confronted by \" paedophile hunters \" and arrested , Newport Crown Court was told . He admitted attempting to incite a child to engage in activity and meeting a child after grooming . He pleaded at an hearing to attempting to cause a child to watch a act . The court heard Simut started messaging the teenager in an chat room in June , saying she looked \" and \" . But she was in fact an adult belonging to a group called Petronus . The operation was captured on film by the BBC Wales Week In Week Out programme , which investigated the role of paedophile hunters in Wales . The court heard that national Simut arranged to meet \" Sam \" in Newport and suggested she bring a friend for activity . Sentencing him , Judge Michael Fitton QC said : \" You were the subject of an exchange conducted by those who are looking to attract paedophiles . \" He was made the subject of an harm prevention order . Paedophile hunting groups have drawn criticism from both the Home Office and police , who have said it was for the public to conduct work . They have urged anyone with information to pass it to them .", "Shepherd Murombedzi caught the hosts to play in Harry White and the Barnsley forward made no mistake to fire Solihull in front after nine minutes . White could have made it for Solihull before the break , but he was to hit the target after George Carline 's flick put him through . Bromley were left as Brandon Hanlan and Mark Goldberg squandered chances . And Solihull were left clinging on debutant Daniel Udoh picked up two yellow cards to be sent off with five minutes remaining - eight minutes after coming off the bench . Report supplied by the Press Association Match ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Second Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Joe Anderson ( Bromley ) is shown the card for a foul . Jack Byrne ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the card for a foul . Liam Daly ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the card for a foul . Substitution , Bromley . Bradley Goldberg replaces Blair Turgott . Oladapo Afolayan ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the card for a foul . Substitution , Bromley . Jordan Wynter replaces Lee Minshull . George Carline ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the card for a foul . Jordan Higgs ( Bromley ) is shown the card . Substitution , Solihull Moors . Oladapo Afolayan replaces Regan Charles-Cook . Substitution , Bromley . Louis Dennis replaces Connor Dymond . Second Half begins Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . First Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Goal ! Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Harry White ( Solihull Moors ) . First Half begins . Lineups are announced and players are warming up .", "The ex-Cabinet Minister lost his Yeovil seat in May 's election after 14 years as the constituency member . Mr Laws , 49 , will serve as chairman of Centre Forum but is considering job opportunities two months from his defeat . He described himself as suited to \" gazing and holidays \" . In his interview since the election , the Minster for the Cabinet Office , Minister for Schools and Chief Secretary to the Treasury described his dismay at the \" tsunami sweeping lots of Lib Dem MPs \" on 8 May . \" I was and for people like my staff who 've worked in my office for years and years . I was on their behalf ,\" he said . \" I suppose it [ the scale of the defeat ] meant that it did feel \u20ac\u00a6 you see all of your colleagues being knocked over like ninepins it feels something that it 's to do anything about . \" But the disappointment was to see as the investment banker shunned the media scrum and left the count with a word to reporters . Having been to the negotiations that led to the formation of the coalition government in 2010 , he had been \" hoping and expecting \" to do the . , he went to sleep . His job for Centre Forum , a policy think-tank , will take up two days a week but he hopes to have a plan by the end of the summer . \" I 've got one role as chairman which I 'm about as it will allow me to take my interest in education and education policy , and I 've been talking to people about work I may do ,\" he said . But that plan will include standing for election . \" I 'd got the view that serving four terms in parliament , had I been re-elected in May this year , would have been the amount of time to do ,\" he said . \" I do think that MPs should go on and I think it 's that I would stand as a member of parliament . \" Despite the loss of the Yeovil seat to the Conservatives , he remains of the seat being recaptured by his party . \" In areas like Yeovil we have had and base at the government level and a presence for years I would think that there 's every chance we can win back the Yeovil constituency at the election in 2020 and I 'll do everything I can to support our candidate to become the MP . \"", "One skeleton was found this week , but nine graves have been uncovered . The remains are in the process of being exhumed from underneath the area used as the venue 's conference room . They are thought to be from a Quaker burial ground that existed before the Royal Pavilion Estate was built . Alan Robins , chair of Brighton and Hove City Council 's tourism , development and culture committee said : \" The remains are being exhumed and will be examined to determine about the deceased before being re-buried or cremated . \" He added the Royal Pavilion Estate site had \" links \" and the find is \" another addition to the city 's story \" . Darryl Palmer of Archaeology South-East , which is managing the dig on site , said : \" This is a find that shines a light on an moment in the city . The Quaker meeting house and cemetery at the Dome is recorded on the Bishop 's map of 1803 and absent by the OS town plan of 1876 . \" The clue as to worship and burial ceased is the Quaker meeting house moved to the location on Meeting House Lane in 1805 . \" A spokesperson for Brighton Quakers said they were \" \" with the news \" We have known for a time about the burial ground being used from 1700 to 1805 but did know that any Quakers were left buried . \" The work at the Corn Exchange is part of a project to restore the Royal Pavilion Estate buildings and gardens . It is expected to finish by the end of 2018 .", "Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy , Bae Cinmel , am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth . Dywedodd Heddlu Gogledd Cymru fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd . Mae chwech o griwiau t\u00e2n o'r Rhyl , Prestatyn , Bae Colwyn ac Abergele yn bresennol . Mewn datganiad dywedodd Gwasanaeth T\u00e2n ac Achub Gogledd Cymru : \" Ry'n ni'n gofyn i'r cyhoedd osgoi'r ardal os oedd modd . \" Mae nifer o adeiladau yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle . \" Mae disgwyl i'r gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa . \"", "Homeowners hit by the flooding in December can apply for up to \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 from the government 's Future Flood Prevention Funding scheme . Figures seen by the BBC show that 13 people have applied for the money . Rachael Maskell , Labour MP for York Central , said she had received complaints about accessing the fund . \" The form filling is and that 's people have been struggling ,\" she said . \" It 's putting off a lot on people . \" Hundreds of homes and businesses were flooded in the city after the Rivers Foss and Ouse burst their banks . The scheme is administered by City of York Council and requires a survey to be carried out on the flooded property before funding can be applied for . The council said that 360 homes were for the grant . The authority added : \" We welcome grant applications but know that this can take time while people wait for quotes and loss adjustor reports . \" We 're appointing a case worker to help residents and businesses through the application process . \"", "Sarah Johnson was one of 21 women heading to Liverpool their minibus was hit by a lorry on the M62 . Her friend Bethany Jones , 18 , was killed while Ms Johnson and others were hurt . Minibus driver James Johnson was jailed for than six years for causing Bethany 's death , in April 2013 . Ms Johnson , who broke her shoulder , back and pelvis , said the help she received from a charity while in hospital led her to want to support others . Speaking for the time about the crash , Ms Johnson described everyone was \" and \" for the hen party . \" To me the impact was a explosion ,\" she said . \" I thought the bus had blown up . \" I remember the bus dropping on its side . The thing , I woke up on the roadside so I 'd come out of the window . \" Ms Johnson was taken to Leeds General Infirmary she , along with Bethany 's sister Amy Firth , underwent surgery and spent time in care . Whilst she was she got support from charity Day One , which helps victims of trauma . She said : \" It 's . \" It supports people by giving benefit advice , advice and peer support as me and Amy , who have been in situations and who are helping people who 've suffered from trauma . \" Ms Johnson said the crash had made her realise she had been . \" Beth ca complain , she 's ,\" she added . \" We have to be for what we 've got . \"", "The detentions come than a week before a visit to Cuba by Pope Francis . of the activists were members of the dissident group , Ladies in White . They walked through the streets of Havana holding up pictures of prisoners , before they were rounded up by police . According to Cuba 's dissident website , 14yMedio , members of Ladies in White and activists from opposition groups were handcuffed and pushed into police cars and buses on Sunday afternoon . A number of them were released hours , it said . Cuba says the protesters are financed by groups to destabilise the government . dissidents are planning to protest during the Pope 's visit to the island , which begins on Saturday . They have accused the Cuban Catholic Church of becoming with the government of Raul Castro and failing to speak out against rights abuses . \" The Church should be about this or any time rights are involved . It 's their duty ,\" said Jose Daniel Ferrer , head of leading group Patriotic Union of Cuba . He told the Reuters news agency he was handcuffed and taken to a police station after Sunday 's protest . Police dropped him off at a bus terminal , he said . The Cuban Catholic Church says it defends the respect of rights but cannot take up causes . Pope Francis played a role in facilitating the negotiations between Cuba and the United States , which led to relations being restored after than five decades of hostilities . and officials met in secrets for months at the Vatican before Presidents Barack Obama and Raul Castro surprised the world December by announcing they had agreed to mend relations .", "over 46,000 vehicles were registered of the border - a increase of than 2.7 % . , UK sales increased by 5.3 % to 519,000 - the month recorded since 1999 . March is the month , accounting for about a fifth of the year 's car registrations . month saw Vauxhall retain its position as market leader in Scotland , with than 10,000 units sold . The Vauxhall Corsa remained the car , while the Ford Fiesta had a month and moved into the number two spot for the year to date . The figures were compiled by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders . sellers in March 1. Vauxhall Corsa 2,575 2. Ford Fiesta 1,772 3. Vauxhall Astra 1,249 4. Ford Focus 1,126 5. Volkswagen Polo 1,077 Source : SMMT Scottish Motor Trade Association executive Sandy Burgess said : \" All areas have experienced growth with the exception of Dumfries and Galloway and Strathclyde . \" The reductions are and with the growth on 2015 numbers , we have come out of this sales period for the year to date . \" We have been of some dealers who were experiencing vehicle delivery issues towards the end of the month , and this may have had a but effect . \" The rest of the UK continues to show growth but as we have mentioned this may all be to sales with manufacturers and dealers taking decisions on registrations . \"", "Six incidents have been reported to police between 3 and 13 February . In all the cases , two or three men have targeted tourists in an attempt to steal money - succeeding on two occasions . The men , who are described as European , claimed to be police officers before demanding to search the victims . Police Scotland said the incident took place at 13:20 on 3 February in the Grassmarket , a man was approached by a man who asked him to take his photograph . The pair were approached by two suspects who claimed to be police officers and demanded to search them . The two police impersonators got into a or Seat hatchback and drove and the man walked into the Grassmarket . Officers said the man realised a sum of money had been stolen from him . On 13 February , two tourists lost a sum of cash they were targeted in a scam on Market Street . They were approached by two men who showed them ID and said they were police officers . incidents happened in Chambers Street , Castle Street , and in the Calton Hill area . There was one incident on 3 February , one on 11 February and four on 13 February . Sgt Mark Hamilton , of Police Scotland , said : \" These men are targeting tourists who are visiting the city centre in a bid to steal money from them . \" Impersonating a police officer is , it is . We would advise that if you are stopped by someone claiming to be a Police Scotland officer , request their collar number and ask to see a warrant card . \" All our officers are to provide this information to the public and it should be offered . \"", "\" CETA is done and we will reopen it ,\" said EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom . Ms Malmstrom was speaking as EU trade ministers met in Slovakia to discuss CETA and a deal with the US , TTIP , which has faced criticism . A CETA deal has been agreed , but parliaments could delay it . Thousands of activists protested against CETA and TTIP in Germany on Saturday and thousands in Brussels - outside the EU 's headquarters - on Tuesday . Activists fear that the deals could water down standards in the areas of rights , health and the environment . There is anxiety about proposed courts investors will be to sue governments if they feel that legislation hurts their business . Critics say the existence of courts - an alternative to courts - will have a \" \" effect on policymakers , leading to regulation on the environment and welfare . Would CETA be a model for the UK ? European Parliament briefing on CETA TTIP : The EU-US trade deal explained Are US-Europe TTIP trade talks tanking ? Ms Malmstrom said CETA would dominate Friday 's meeting in Bratislava . The Commission hopes the deal can be signed with Canada at the end of October , so that it can go to the European Parliament for ratification . But it will need to be ratified by parliaments across the EU . \" What we are discussing with the Canadians is if we should make some clarifications , a declaration so that we can cover some of those concerns ,\" Ms Malmstrom said . She acknowledged fears in some countries that politicians might see their \" the right to regulate \" diluted . \" that [ ] needs to be in a declaration ,\" she said , admitting that the CETA negotiations were \" \" . Karoline Graswander-Hainz , an Socialist MEP , said the EU 's court - the European Court of Justice - must examine the proposed Investment Court System ( ICS ) to check its legality . CETA holds \" risks \" for Europe , she warned , adding that some of her MEPs thought . Vice-Chancellor and Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel called CETA \" a model for deals \" . But he was about TTIP . \" The Americans were to make Europe offers that Canada made , and there will be a [ TTIP ] deal this year ,\" he said . Supporters of CETA and TTIP say deals could set trade standards , warning that failure could mean China setting the standards . CETA and TTIP promise to remove tariffs and barriers , boosting growth on both sides of the Atlantic , trade advocates say .", "Media playback is unsupported on your device 21 October 2014 updated at 21:36 BST Steven Ward made 24 galleons from chocolate , with Maltesers doubling up as replica cannon balls . The creations will mark the anniversary of the battle during the Napoleonic Wars . The ships will be paraded through the dining hall of HMS Nelson in Portsmouth at the Trafalgar Day dinner .", "Patrick Ewing , 66 , collapsed at his home in Oakham , Rutland , and was given resuscitation by his partner , Yvonne Ainsworth . Paramedics used a defibrillator to shock Mr Ewing to restore his heart rhythm for an hour . East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) said 8 % of patients survived a arrest outside hospital . Andy Swinburn , of EMAS , said : \" Patrick 's case is . His heart muscle was , which lead to a repeated arrest meaning the crew had to shock him 17 times . \" Mr Ewing said : \" It 's an thing to tip over the edge and be hauled . \" What they did for me might been part of their day job but they worked to keep me going . I will be . \"", "The 23 year-old stroked the GB boat to a start and they were after 500m but champions , Romania and New Zealand proved . The Romanians came out on top , with the eight holding off the challenge from the Netherlands The GB eight prepare for the World Championships in Sarasota in September . There was no medal success for Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon in the women 's quadruple sculls . Nixon and her GB team mates Bethany Bryan , Alice Baatz and Mathilda Hodgkins-Byrne , were off the pace and finished in a race won by Poland .", "Eight-year-old Garfield , who makes the trip to Sainsbury 's in Ely in Cambridgeshire on a basis , has his Facebook page created by fans . Owner David Willers posted a message asking shoppers to lay off the treats as a vet found Garfield , who weighs 6.6kg ( one stone ) , was . \" Everyone loves him ,\" Mr Willers said . \" The day it was and he stayed , a member of Sainsbury 's staff messaged me to ask he was , which was . \" He brings customers into the shop - people tell me they go and shop to see him . \" Garfield 's Facebook page was set up summer by a couple who had spotted him in the shop , and is run by Mr Willers . \" We worry about him crossing the road , but we do get any comments about his habits ,\" he said . \" We live a walk from Sainsbury 's but Garfield knows all the shortcuts can get than that . \"", "Evans gave the Bantams the lead with style as he curled from 20 yards into the bottom corner . The Shripmers fought and Ryan Leonard forced Bradford goalkeeper Ben Williams into a save with a effort from . The hosts restored parity Tyrone Barnett volleyed against the crossbar but Bradford held on .", "Solly Msimanga , from the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , said the vehicles would be given to a police anti-hijack unit . , he will continue to use the luxury car used by the mayor . The DA took control of Tshwane , a area including the capital Pretoria , from the African National Congress ( ANC ) in elections . Mr Msimanga said no luxury cars would be bought under his leadership . He took over from the governing ANC , which lost control of the capital for the time since 1994 , month . on this and stories Four things from South Africa election The ANC bought 10 BMW 3 series vehicles , which are to be delivered , for 5 million rand ($ 356,000 ; \u00a3 266,000 ) , reports say . The cars were meant for members of the council , with the ANC said to be it would retain control of the municipality in the elections . He will use a BMW 5 series car he inherited from the mayor , reports the IOL website . Mr Msimanga 's spokesman Matthew Gerstner told the BBC that this vehicle could \" be dispensed with because it 's been bought and paid for and treasury regulations prohibit that \" . He added : \" But , as he can replace it , he will , with a , vehicle \" . Mr Msimango says the DA-led coalition government wanted to embark on cost-cutting measures . He said in a statement : \" No luxury cars will be bought or leased for politicians \u201a and if vehicles owned by Tshwane require replacement \u201a and vehicles will be procured . \" I will allow money to be spent on luxury cars \u201a while our people struggle for services \u201a houses and jobs . \" A Hyundai i20 or Toyota Corolla can do the job for a politician as an sedan . \" The ANC government has been criticised for expenditure , so South Africans will be watching what the opposition do in the areas they won in the August elections , says the BBC 's Pumza Fihlani in Johannesburg . South Africans will be to see if the opposition , which has until run one province , will be to make good on its election promises , our correspondent says .", "The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday . There had been fears that the owners would take on the existing workers' pension scheme . But Unite officer Steve Harley said : \" We had talks and we were given guarantees that all agreements will be honoured . \" Unite said it understood that the Bernard Matthews salary pension scheme was closed in 2004 and that its members have an pension scheme which is unaffected the takeover . The Boparan Private Office , the \" chicken king \" Mr Boparan 's investment , confirmed that the pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews would continue under the ownership . Mr Harley met with representatives from Boparan at the Great Witchingham headquarters . He said : \" It was made that the owner wishes to restore Bernard Matthews to its position as a business . \" This would be achieved by investment in the business , cost savings and utilising the capacity at Bernard Matthews to process chicken and turkeys . \"", "The man , named by state media as Ji Zhongxing , 34 , from Shandong province , was injured and taken to hospital . No-one was hurt in the blast , which filled part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke . An microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at his ill-treatment by police . The blog suggests his body was paralyzed after he was alleged to have been beaten by security agents in China in 2005 . Mr Ji , who is alleged to have been operating an motorbike taxi service , was with the way his complaints against the authorities had been dealt with . State news agency Xinhua said he detonated the device - a package of gunpowder taken from fireworks - after being prevented from distributing leaflets . Photos posted on China 's Weibo microblogging site showed a man waving a package in the air before the explosion . images from the airport showed the wheelchair on its side with officials treating him on the floor . Smoke drifted through the terminal after the blast , which occurred before 18:30 ( 10:30 GMT ) near one of the arrival gates . Xinhua showed workers providing emergency treatment , with police officers at the scene . Officials say order has been restored at the airport and there is no disruption to flights .", "The tanker hit the reservation between junction 32 for Coryton and junction 33 , Cardiff West , at 17:45 GMT on Monday . The carriageway was closed from junction 30 , Cardiff Gate , and one lane was closed . One person has been taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant . Their condition was known . The Welsh Ambulance Service said people involved in the crash were injured . There were queues in both directions following the crash , but traffic has eased . Diversions remain in place . South Wales Police advised motorists to avoid the area for the rest of the night . The Welsh Ambulance Service sent two response vehicles , one ambulance and a doctor but an air ambulance could be sent due to the weather conditions . Two fire engines and one rescue tender from South Wales Fire and Rescue Service remained at the scene on Monday evening to assist police . Check if this is affecting your journey", "The facility , based on the town 's Crichton estate , is to open in the 12 months . The centre will be used to research ways to improve responses to emergencies as flooding . A report to the council 's policy and resources committee will give a update on progress to date . the facility will have up to six staff . month , the government gave assurances that plans to develop the centre remained on track . It followed concerns from Dumfriesshire Labour MSP Elaine Murray about the pace of progress on the project , since it was announced in August year . A report to the council says it is the renewed impetus is maintained . To that end working groups are being set up , and council and government officials are exploring the location and office arrangements for the centre .", "The Windsor attraction has been during term . One visitor told the BBC his family queued for than two hours as they tried to leave the park . Legoland said it had spent than \u00c2 \u00a3 10,000 in the year developing entrance and exit routes . Windsor and Maidenhead Borough Council said road signs had been altered to prevent traffic travelling through the centre of Windsor . \" The problem is Legoland is ,\" said councillor Colin Rayner , cabinet member for transport . \" I 'll be working with the park to ensure the system we 've developed is working . We want to support them as it does bring a lot of employment and business to the area . \" Ian Calkin , from Croydon , took his two children to the park on Wednesday . \" We left at 6pm the park closed and were to go 10 minutes ,\" he said . \" But , we did get through the car park barriers to scan our exit pass until after eight o'clock . \" It was another 30 minutes before we hit the roads . \" Legoland said it had worked with the council over years on traffic management and would continue to do . \" We understand a delayed exit from the car park would be ,\" a spokesman said . \" We have employed a number of staff to help and provided guests with instructions to turn out of the park to utilise the routes . \"", "Acorn Park Care Home in East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire , was warned it must make a \" improvement \" . If , it could face having its registration cancelled . The home was served with a improvement notice by the Care Inspectorate and given until month to make changes . Seven areas of concern were listed after an inspection , with nutrition and hydration , plans for service users , safety , staffing and administration of drugs all being criticised . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" Everyone in Scotland has the right to safe , care which meets their needs and respects their rights . \" we have concerns , we do hesitate to take action . \" Our priority is the safety and well-being of residents and this improvement notice sets out what we expect the service to do to ensure that the care provided to residents improves . \" We will be inspecting this service to ensure that progress is being made . \" An Acorn Park spokesman said : \" We are working with the Care Inspectorate to meet their requirements within the timescales set . \"", "Thieves broke into the house in Intake , Doncaster on Thursday , a week after Paris Mulholland 's birthday . In the letter , she tells the burglars \" they hurt me \" , that she cries for two hours each night , and they had made her \" of the dark \" . Paris wrote the letter after speaking to BBC Radio Sheffield . on this and stories from BBC South Yorkshire Gemma Mulholland said the letter helped her daughter tell the thieves \" she feels , and it 's affected her . \" She said : \" I am of her . \" Paris' iPhone , a laptop she got for Christmas , and birthday money was taken from her bedroom , as her grandmother 's gold watch . Cash , jewellery and items were taken in the robbery , along with Paris' and her brother Thomas' belongings . Ms Mulholland said Paris was to sleep in her bedroom after seeing it ransacked . Lego models were broken and photos taken on Paris' phone during a trip to Disneyland may have been lost . Paris wrote : \" To my burgler [ sic ] . I hope you are with yourself , I can sleep in my bed [...] \" could you have left you saw to [ sic ] picture of a family and you saw my birthday card , but anyway thank you for scaring me I cry 2 hours every night . \" Ms Mulholland called the thieves \" beings \" but said the community had rallied . PC Adam Watkinson of South Yorkshire Police said : \" Burglary is a crime which can have a impact on the victim . In this case , a girl has been left feeling and after her home was broken into . \" I would like to reassure Paris and her mum that we are doing everything we can to find the person for this incident . \" It is that someone should feel in their home and lose possessions . \"", "The boy was arrested at his home in the borough of Lewisham on suspicion of affray at intu Bromley . He was treated in hospital for a wound before being taken into custody . A boy arrested at the scene on Saturday on suspicion of affray and possession of a weapon remains in custody . Scotland Yard said the person arrested had suffered a head injury during the incident and \" was believed to be in his 20s \" . The force issued another statement putting his age at 16 . \" At this stage officers believe he sustained the injury as a result of an altercation between a number of youths ,\" it added . Police , who were called at 15:45 GMT on Saturday to reports of an injured youth , say they recovered two knives . A photograph taken by a member of the public appeared to show that a machete had been found . Video filmed at the scene appeared to show shoppers fleeing in panic .", "Media playback is supported on this device Drogba , 39 , has played since leaving Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact in November . He will start out as a player but has joined Phoenix 's \" MLS expansion franchise ownership group \" . \" To own a team and be a player at the time is but it 's going to be ,\" Drogba said . \" It 's a transition because I want to carry on playing but I 'm 40 and it 's for me to prepare for my career . \" Phoenix have started their season in the Western Conference of USL , which forms part of the tier of the league system . The Arizona club hope to become one of four planned expansion teams in MLS over the three years . \" I had offers from China , from England - in both the Premier League and the Championship - but they were as a player ,\" Drogba told The Premier League Show . \" This was the offer because it was for me to think about playing , because I enjoy it , but to get to the stage of my career . \" Drogba scored 157 goals in 341 appearances during his spell at Chelsea from 2004 to 2012 , winning three Premier League titles and the Champions League . Following moves to Shanghai Shenhua in China and side Galatasaray , Drogba returned to the Blues for the 2014-15 season , scoring seven goals in 40 appearances , helping Jose Mourinho 's side to the title , before 18 months with Montreal . He joins Chelsea team-mate Shaun Wright-Phillips at Phoenix , who have one win and two defeats from three games this season . \" I 'm a player but it 's to respect the decision of the manager ,\" added Drogba , who is Ivory Coast 's record goalscorer . \" we 're on the pitch , he 's going to be the one who decides and we go to board meetings , it 's a thing . \" Watch the interview with Didier Drogba in The Premier League show on BBC Two on Thursday , 13 April ( 22:00 BST ) .", "Media playback is supported on this device Ennis-Hill , 30 , hinted at retirement after losing her heptathlon title to Nafissatou Thiam in a contest in Rio . Minichiello told the BBC she should \" take two or three months and work out what you do want to do \" . \" she takes that time and makes that decision we 'll move from . \" year the World Championships come to London , Ennis-Hill won Olympic gold four years , but after missing out on retaining her title by 35 points , the Sheffield athlete would commit to continuing . \" It 's going to be a decision , I 'm going to go and think about it ,\" she said . \" At this moment , I 'm and - it 's a decision . \" Minichiello has coached Ennis-Hill since she was 13 , helping her become world champion in 2009 , Olympic champion in London three years , and take gold at the 2015 World Championships 14 months after she gave birth to her son Reggie . The coach said it might be time for him to \" be \" , should Ennis-Hill retire . \" She wo do another Olympic Games in 2020 . If there are opportunities coming up , I need to start having a look at that as a career going ,\" he continued . \" It will be a bit of a decision I have to make for myself so it 's time for me to be a bit and make some choices for me . \" Minichiello said that he counted Ennis-Hill 's silver in Rio as a \" performance \" than her gold at London 2012 , but he had \" emotions \" after the event . \" If you look at the progress she 's made , having missed two years of heptathlon competition to come , the progress she 's made is ,\" he added .", "The 28-year-old 's daughter was threatened by a member of the gang , who had a knife . The burglary happened at their home in the Turf Hill area at 05:30 BST on Wednesday , Greater Manchester Police said . The three men stole cash , jewellery and a phone before fleeing . The offender carrying the gun , said to be a silver metal handgun , was described as , and aged between 20 and 30 . The man with the knife was , between 30 and 40 , of a build and with eyes . It is believed they were met by three men outside the property . Police are appealing for anyone with information to contact them . Det Con Rich Shelton said : \" This gang targeted a mum and her daughter , stooping as to hold a gun to the head of a woman who was and . \" they were injured and the baby harmed but the trauma they have suffered is . \"", "Kelso , Galashiels , Peebles , Hawick , Selkirk and Eyemouth saw increases but numbers fell in Duns and Jedburgh . Figures in Melrose rose compared with 2014 but levels were recorded that year due to \" weather \" . Councillor Stuart Bell said it was \" \" to see numbers rising . A survey has been carried out across the region since 2007 . The figures were collected during September and October 2015 with the rise in the region than the average of 2 % . year numbers fell by 11 % but this was blamed on the levels recorded in Melrose . Mr Bell said : \" These figures are going to give us a snapshot of a period of time and can fluctuate depending on weather , it is to see that footfall has increased and the figures for towns are . \" We need to build on these increases in footfall and the council , partner and community organisations and businesses can play their part in that , making our town centres as to shoppers and visitors to the Borders . \" This study started in 2007 and has in effect charted the impact of the recession and increase in internet shopping on our town centres , which accounts for the 23 % reduction in footfall over that period . \" He said the issues were to the Borders and would remain challenges in the term .", "cut off for centuries , it has tried to let in some aspects of the world while guarding its traditions . The name for Bhutan , Druk Yul , means \" Land of the Thunder Dragon \" and it began to open up to outsiders in the 1970s . The Wangchuck monarchy has wielded power since 1907 . But Bhutan became a democracy after elections in March 2008 . Population 750,000 Area 38,364 sq km ( 14,812 sq miles ) language Dzongkha Major religions Buddhism ( official ) , Hinduism Life expectancy 66 years ( men ) , 70 years ( women ) Currency ngultrum Head of state : King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck succeeded his father , Jigme Singye Wangchuck , in December 2006 after the monarch announced his abdication . His predecessor had given up some of his powers in 1998 and ruled in conjunction with the government , an assembly and a advisory council . Prime Minister : Tshering Tobgay Tshering Tobgay was elected Bhutan 's minister in July 2013 , succeeding Jigme Yozer Thinley . He is president of the People 's Democratic Party . He was leader of the opposition in the National Assembly from March 2008 to April 2013 . He has projected himself as a reformer , rejecting limousine and accommodation . Television did come to Bhutan until 1999 . For years , the country cut itself off , fearing that influences would undermine its monarchy and culture . Radio broadcasting began in 1973 and the internet arrived in 1999 . Some dates in the history of Bhutan : 1720 - army invades and establishes control over Bhutan . 1772-73 - intervention . 1864-65 - intervention by Britain . 1907 - Ugyen Wangchuck is chosen as ruler . 1910 - Treaty giving Britain control over relations . 1949 - Treaty signed with India guaranteeing non-interference in Bhutan 's affairs , but allowing Delhi influence over relations . 1958 - Slavery abolished . 1974 - tourists allowed in . 1990 - Thousands of Hindus flee to Nepal following clashes . 1998 - King cedes some powers to assembly .", "The Kerr , who coaches Stirling University 's Lowland League men 's side , will take over from Finland-bound Anna Signeul in June . And Grant believes Kerr can take Scotland to success . \" She could take any men 's team in Scotland in my opinion , she is a coach ,\" Grant told BBC Scotland . \" Anna 's done , Shelley has learned off her and she can hand it over and Shelley can continue and make the team and . \" The squad is the it 's been and I think Shelley will take them than Anna . \" Grant , who is sidelined at present with a knee injury , is a team-mate of Kerr 's with Scotland and Hibernian , the latter was a coach . \" It 's a appointment ,\" said the Motherwell forward . \" I was to play with and be coached by Shelley . \" She 's in the changing room , she 's a personality , one of the coaches I 've been under , so it 's for the game . \" She knows all the players and as players that makes a difference . \" It 's that we have a coach and Shelley deserves it because she came up through the ranks as a player and she is a role model because she had a child on the way - Christie Kerr plays for my team at Motherwell . \" Kerr became the head coach in football , three years , she took charge of Stirling University in the Lowland League , the feeder league for the Scottish Professional Football League . \" She is a role model to have in the game , she 's been involved in the men 's game , which a step for her , and if anyone deserves the role , it is Shelley ,\" Grant added . Kerr led Stirling University , who sit in the league table , to a British Universities Championship final , she completed a MSc in sports management . In a university statement , the Arsenal Ladies manager said : \" I have no doubt the education I received will be of benefit in my role as in the future and . \" Stirling University director of sport Cathy Gallagher paid tribute to Kerr , who will remain in charge until the end of their season . \" During Shelley 's tenure , the University of Stirling has established its position at the top of university football and the non-league game ,\" she said .", "Choupo-Moting , 28 , is their signing of the summer after Darren Fletcher , Kurt Zouma and Josh Tymon . \" Eric has been on our radar for years and we tried to bring him to the club four years ,\" executive Tony Scholes said . Stoke open their Premier League season with a trip to Everton on Saturday . Choupo-Moting , who has played for Hamburg and Mainz , has made 200 Bundesliga appearances and played in the Champions League with Schalke . A Germany youth international , he switched allegiance to Cameroon in 2010 . He represented the Indomitable Lions at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and has won 48 caps , scoring 13 goals . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "The SNP 's John Wallace won the Ayr East ward after the vote on Thursday . Turnout for the by-election was 34.4 % , with 4,006 votes cast out of an electorate of 11,638 . The by-election was called following the resignation of Corri Wilson , who was elected as SNP MP for Ayr , Carrick and Cumnock this year .", "The seven men had been given jail sentences after an earthquake devastated the town of L'Aquila in 2009 , killing 309 people . The verdict triggered alarm , with some saying that science itself had been put on trial . On Monday an appeals court cleared the group of the manslaughter charges . Judge Fabrizia Ida Francabandera ruled that there was no case to answer . \" The credibility of Italy 's community has been restored ,\" said Stefano Gresta , the president of the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology . The seven men - all leading scientists or disaster experts - had been members of a committee convened in L'Aquila in March 2009 following a series of tremors in the region . Days after they met , a 6.3 magnitude quake struck the town in the middle of the night . of L'Aquila's buildings were destroyed , and some locals blamed the disaster committee for providing advice . Prosecutors in the trial said the experts had offered reassuring information to residents . According to Reuters , they noted that one committee member had said there was \" no danger \" from the tremors . Following the verdicts , than 5,000 scientists signed an letter to President Giorgio Napolitano in support of the experts . argued that the convictions represented a misunderstanding of earthquake science . Monday 's decision to overturn the verdicts came after a appeal process . The prosecution can seek to have the verdicts reinstated via a court .", "US experts found B3 , known as nicotinamide , boosts the ability of cells to kill Staphylococcus bacteria . B3 increases the numbers and efficacy of neutrophils , blood cells that can kill and eat bugs . The study , in the Journal of Clinical Investigation , could lead to a \" change in treatment \" , a UK expert said . B3 was tested on infections , as the MRSA ( Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) . infections are found in hospitals and nursing homes , but are on the rise in prisons , the military and among athletes . The scientists used doses of B3 - than that obtained from sources - in their tests , carried out both on animals and on blood . And the researchers say there is no evidence that B3 or supplements could prevent or treat infections . The researchers say B3 appears to be to \" turn on \" genes , boosting the cells' killing power . Prof Adrian Gombart , of Oregon State University 's Linus Pauling Institute , who worked on the research , said : \" This is , although we need to do studies . \" Antibiotics are wonder drugs , but they face increasing problems with resistance by types of bacteria , Staphylococcus aureus . \" This could give us a way to treat Staph infections that can be , and might be used in combination with antibiotics . \" It 's a way to tap into the power of the system and stimulate it to provide a and response . \" Prof Mark Enright , of the University of Bath , said : \" Neutrophils are the line against infections in the blood and the use of nicotinamide seems at this dose to use in patients as it is licensed for use . \" This could cause a change in treatment for infections alongside antibiotics to help bolster patients system . \" I would like to see in trials but cannot see this could be used in infected patients . \"", "The review into 22 abuse cases in Northern Ireland criticised the authorities for doing . The people went a number of times over a period while being looked after in the care system . The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) said it has made policy changes aimed at keeping children . In September 2013 , the PSNI said it had begun a investigation into the exploitation of children and people who had gone from care in Northern Ireland . Officers said they had identified 22 people , aged between 13 and 18 , who may have been exploited . The PSNI investigation was known was Operation Owl . Thursday 's report , examining the PSNI response , has been published by the Safeguarding Board for Northern Ireland . It said PSNI officers were in locating the teenagers and returning them to the care system . , it found that they failed to examine the extent of the child exploitation taking place and their attempts to find and stop the abusers was - in the words of the review - \" and \" . While there is praise for the help offered by some staff from care homes , Stormont 's Health Minister Simon Hamilton said that the report shows support was given to protect the teenagers from harm or the risk of harm . He said the review had identified \" a gap \" in knowledge about perpetrators of child exploitation . The head of the PSNI 's Public Protection Branch , Det Ch Supt George Clarke said that following Operation Owl , the PSNI has \" implemented a number of changes in our approach to handling this issue to ensure we are doing everything we can to keep children and people \" . \" , in April of this year , the PSNI formed the Public Protection Branch which is for policy and practice in relation to a number of areas including child exploitation . \" The structures enable us to work with our partner agencies in a way than to ensure protection and safeguarding for children and people . \" The office said the PSNI has revised its Missing Persons Protocol , a policy with the health and care authorities . \" This protocol is designed to support safeguarding responses by the PSNI and services in respect of children who run or go from their homes or care placements and builds upon developments in our knowledge and experience ,\" Mr Clarke added . year , a review into the issue concluded that exploitation was a growing threat to people in Northern Ireland . That report said that some abusers were thought to have links to groups .", "A judge is considering whether to charge the star over the incident , which was filmed and went . He will spend the night in detention and investigations will continue on Wednesday , a BBC reporter says . Olomide has denied assault , though he has apologised for his behaviour . The authorities deported the rumba singer and three of his dancers on Saturday to DR Congo 's capital , Kinshasa , following a outcry over the incident . The BBC 's Poly Muzalia in Kinshasa says police officers arrived at the singer 's home on Tuesday morning and took him into custody . He was handcuffed , put into a police car and taken to a court a judge is considering whether he should be put on trial . His lawyer , Landry Tanganyi , told the BBC that Olomide , one of Africa 's musicians , should be detained as he was a flight risk . , Olomide left the courthouse under police escort and will spend the night at the police station , our reporter says . The musician has been in trouble in the past :", "Wayne Maycock , Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were seen at HMP Leyhill at 16:45 GMT on Sunday . Avon and Somerset Police has appealed for anyone who sees them , or knows of their whereabouts , to make contact . HMP Leyhill in South Gloucestershire is the prison in the South West . Headley was sentenced in 2006 for rape and robbery , Maycock was jailed in the year for GBH , while Bromwich was sentenced in 2001 for rape . , the police force suggested all three were convicted of rape but this information was amended . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" protection is our priority . We take absconds from custody . We are working with the police and are investigating this incident . \" According to Avon and Somerset Police : Leyhill , near Wotton-under-Edge , is a category D prison housing than 500 inmates , including some on life sentences .", "\" I have to work with Ikea - make furniture for design , for architecture ,\" he told BBC Radio 1 . He said students would be for him to create \" a apartment of a college dorm \" . \" Yo Ikea , allow Kanye to create , allow him to make this thing because you know what , I want a bed that he makes , I want a chair that he makes . \" West was pictured visiting Ikea 's head office in Almhult , south Sweden , this year . He has collaborated with fashion designer Katie Eary who has , in turn , created a series of textiles and tableware for Ikea . The company has declined to comment on a tie-in with West , who has a sideline designing clothes and shoes . Its ethos of providing goods would chime with West 's ambition to make his products . The star 's interview with Annie Mac covered his headline set at the 2015 Glastonbury festival . He said a error at the beginning made him forget his lyrics , with effects for the rest of the set . \" It was . I started off the show and I messed up the music . And me , as you can imagine by this phone call , I 'm a bit of a perfectionist . it put me into a state and it put me in the position of I was in school and I got fired from my job . \" I do get , I prepare , I get . that music messed up in the beginning it tapped into my nerves and you 're or something and something can happen . \" And he discussed his ambitions , after declaring he would run for president in 2020 . \" I talk about the idea of being president , I 'm saying I have any views ,\" said the 39-year-old . \" I have a view on humanity , on people , on the truth . \" We are , we 're to 500 kids getting killed in Chicago a year , we 're to the fact that it was seven police shootings in the beginning of July . \" If there is anything that I can do with my time and my day , to make a difference while I 'm I 'm going to try to do it . \" You can hear the interview from 19:00 BST on Annie Mac 's Radio 1 show . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "BAA said the problem had been caused by a hardware fault which saw the check-in desks and boarding screens fail for three hours . Edinburgh Airport said there was \" congestion \" as passengers had to be checked in from 07:30 . Flights were delayed as passengers did know which gates to go to . The problem was fixed at 10:00 . A man at the airport told the BBC Scotland news website he was delayed at the airport for an hour . He said : \" My flight did leave until 10am because the computers were . There were queues at the check-in desks and people did know to board their flights . \" There was disruption . \" A BAA spokesman said : \" We had a issue this morning with the network which meant that we lost some computer services . \" It did cause any cancellations or any delays , but it did cause some queuing in the check in area between 7am and 9am . \" Our team were on it and , following investigation , it was found to be a hardware fault that was sorted . \" He added : \" We saw some flights delayed by half an hour , and congestion in the check-in area which was cleared as the fault was fixed . \"", "Police said the 14-year-old reported feeling and required hospital treatment . He was discharged from hospital and is recovering at home . The incident happened in Holywood , County Down , on Saturday . The PSNI said the tablets were \" \" but warned of the \" dangers \" they posed . The 17-year-old , has been charged with possessing a Class A controlled drug with intent to supply ; possessing a Class B controlled drug with intent to supply ; possession of a Class A controlled drug ; possession of a Class B controlled drug and supplying a Class A controlled drug . He is to appear at Newtownards Youth Court on 14 February .", "The move was announced by President Thein Sein , who rejected UN calls for an inquiry . The clashes between Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims displaced thousands of people . The UN welcomed the inquiry , saying it could make \" contributions \" to restoring peace . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's spokesman said it could create a \" environment for a way to tackle the underlying causes of the violence , including the condition of the communities in Rakhine \" . What sparked the violence in June ? The rape and murder of a woman in Rakhine in May set off a chain of clashes was a state of emergency declared ? To allow the military to take over control of the region Who are the Rohingyas ? The UN describes them as a and minority from Burma . The government says they are migrants from the sub-continent . Bangladesh hosts hundred thousand refugees from Burma and says it cannot take any Q & A : Rakhine unrest Rohingyas recount terror Burma profile A statement on Thein Sein 's website said on Friday the commission would include representatives from parties and organisations . It said the commission would submit its findings month . The violence in Rakhine state began in May a woman was raped and murdered by three Muslims . A mob killed 10 Muslims in retaliation , though they were with the incident . clashes spread across the state , with houses of both Buddhists and Muslims being burnt down . The UNHCR has said that about 80,000 people have been displaced in and around the Sittwe and Maungdaw by the violence . There is tension between Rakhine people , who are Buddhist and make up the majority of the state 's population , and Muslims . of these Muslims identify themselves as Rohingya , a group that originated in part of Bengal , called Bangladesh .", "The University of Essex study of 712 mafia members in the 1960s showed their income had risen by 7.5-8.5 % per year of education . Those involved in crimes as charging rates for loans or extortion saw three times the boost of those who committed crimes . But , on , the 712 left education a year than men of a age in their neighbourhoods . \" careers are known to start and are to be interwoven with schooling choices ,\" the study says . Lead researcher Prof Giovanni Mastrobuoni said education tended to have a effect against getting involved with crime , but he added : \" It is that if you decide to be a criminal it 's to be a one . \" The study says : \" returns to education exist in but in the activities that imply a degree of complexity ,\" \" Mobster returns ( in terms of income ) to a year of schooling are around 7.5 to 8.5 % , compared to 9-10 % for the neighbour sample . \" , for mobsters who , according to the Federal Bureau of Narcotics records , were involved in crimes that require running an business ( ie racketeering , loan sharking , bootlegging et cetera ) we found returns to education that are three times as for those who are involved in crimes ( ie robberies , murders et cetera ).\"", "Wigan have paid \" in excess of \u00a3 200,000 \" for Tomkins , who they sold to New Zealand Warriors for a reported world record fee of \u00a3 700,000 in 2013 . Tomkins , 26 , will return for the 2016 Super League season . \" I am to have this sorted and to be returning to Wigan ,\" he told the club 's website . \" All of my friends and family live in Wigan , a lot of them play for Wigan . It was a no-brainer for me . \" It 's been a experience to test myself in the NRL but the reality is I am 13,000 miles from my friends and family . \" Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan added on BBC Radio Manchester : \" He 's at Wigan which is he is meant to be . \" The Super League club had refusal on Tomkins , who leaves New Zealand with a year remaining on the deal he signed . The move reunites Tomkins with his two brothers - forward Joel , 28 , and hooker Logan , 22 - who have both been regulars in the Wigan team this season . Tomkins links up with head coach Shaun Wane whom he is to - the 50-year-old coached him during in the youth age groups at the Warriors and they kept in contact he moved to Auckland . as being linked with a move to rugby union , after he played a match in the code for the Barbarians against Australia in 2013 , Salford owner Marwan Koukash said they would consider an offer for him . Media playback is supported on this device After scoring five tries on his debut as a 19-year-old in 2008 , Tomkins was a scorer for the Warriors , scoring 144 tries in 152 appearances . He won a double of the Challenge Cup and Grand Final in 2013 . Tomkins had an season in the NRL and was in the 15 players for tries , try assists and tackle breaks but has featured this campaign because of a knee injury .", "Thomas Sargent was on his Yamaha Fazer motorbike on Bolton Road , Withnell , on Sunday afternoon he was involved in a collision with a Volvo car . He was airlifted to the Royal Preston Hospital , he died . His family described him as a \" , , and man \" with a \" passion for motorcycles \" . Paying tribute , they said : \" He had celebrated his birthday by touring Europe on his Yamaha motorbike . \" He died doing something he loved and is at peace and resting with his Grandma . He will be missed by everybody that knew him and will be forgotten . \" Police are urging witnesses of the collision to get in touch .", "The 37-year-old made 64 appearances for his country , including three at the 2006 World Cup , and is Poland 's goalkeeper . Boruc has been used as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny in years . \" It has been an decision for me and has been one that I 've taken ,\" he said . \" , after thought and consideration I feel that is the time in order to focus both on my family and club career at AFC Bournemouth . \"", "China has one of the air pollution problems in the world . Lots of people living tend to wear facemasks to help to filter out the pollution . architect Stefano Boeri came up with the idea of creating buildings which are of plants , to help fight pollution . These two buildings will be home to than 1,000 trees and 2,500 shrubs and bushes which should absorb the pollution in the air and help to filter it and make it . The buildings will be built in the city of Nanjing , and should be finished by 2018 . The tower will be a hotel , while the one will be home to a museum , offices and an architecture school . The buildings are the of their kind in Asia , but will join two buildings like them , from Italy and Switzerland . The architect has plans to build buildings in cities like Chongqing , Shijiazhuang , Liuzhou , Guizhou and Shanghai . In 2014 China 's government said they were working to reduce the amount of pollution in the air - and since they 've been closing down factories , and limiting the amount of traffic on roads .", "Media playback is supported on this device In an display , the 2012 bronze medallist needed 102 points from his closing dive to reach the final . , he managed 50.40 to finish in place with 403.25 - of the best of 571.85 he set in Friday 's round . \" It 's to accept . I 've worked ,\" said Daley , 22 . \" Yesterday I scored the score in an Olympic Games . Today it was meant to be . That 's what diving does . \" I am because I feel like I am in the condition and I could have won . \" British Diving performance director Alexei Evangulov had said Daley was \" in the shape and form of his career \" before the Olympics . Daley , who won a bronze medal in the 10m synchronised platform with Dan Goodfellow , suggested he would compete in Tokyo in 2020 . \" I 'm with GB have done , to be part of it and I wanted to be to stand on top of that podium , so it will be another four years' work ,\" he said . Media playback is supported on this device China 's Chen Aisen , 20 , claimed his gold of the Games by winning the final , which took place on Saturday . Chen , who won the 10m synchro alongside Lin Yue , scored 585.30 points to finish of Mexico 's German Sanchez ( 532.70 ) and defending champion David Boudia of the United States ( 525.25 ) . Media playback is supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Nama sold its Northern Ireland portfolio to Cerberus , a US investment fund , in 2014 . The Irish Times has reported that the Comptroller and Auditor General ( C & AG ) will say that failings in the sales process could have resulted in \" hundred of millions of euro \" being realised . Nama , an state agency , was established in 2009 to take control of billions of euro of property loans which were damaging the banks . Controversy around the sales process has centred on the role of the businessman and Nama advisor Frank Cushnahan . While working as an advisor to Nama he began talking to a US investment fund , Pimco , which was in buying the portfolio . He left his Nama role and went to assist the fund with its bid . He was to be paid \u00a3 5m if the bid succeeded - but it collapsed Nama learned of Mr Cushnahan 's role . two firms made offers to buy the Northern Ireland portfolio . The bid of \u00a3 1.24bn - a fraction above the reserve price - was made by Cerberus . The offer from Fortress was for \u00a3 1.1bn , which was below the reserve . this year , the BBC Spotlight programme broadcast a recording in which Mr Cushnahan claimed he was to be paid a fee in relation to the Cerberus deal . The Irish Times reports that the C & AG will say that \" while it to be \" , shortcomings in the sales process meant Nama did receive hundreds of millions of euro that it might have . A Nama spokesman said : \" We 're making any comment and will respond the report is published . \" In a statement , the Department of Finance in Dublin , said : \"' The minister will brief his cabinet colleagues at an government meeting . \" The report will be published . No comment will be made until after publication . \" Mr Cushnahan has denied any wrongdoing in relation to his Nama role . Cerberus has said that the sales process for the loan portfolio was \" conducted with integrity \" on its part . this week , BBC NI 's Spotlight programme reported that Mr Cushnahan was recorded accepting a \u00a3 40,000 cash payment from a Nama borrower . Mr Cushnahan , who was advising Nama at the time , has denied any wrongdoing . Following the broadcast , First Minister Arlene Foster rejected a call by Sinn F\u00e9in 's Martin McGuinness for a Nama inquiry saying it was \" \" . Mr McGuinness said he supported such an inquiry following revelations in the Spotlight programme about Nama 's role in Northern Ireland 's property deal .", "The offender seized control of the Medway Council feed at 19:45 BST . Its tweet announced : \" The Medway Council Twitter feed has been taken over by the citizens of Medway . \" Hackers went on to publish a string of Tweets which were removed 10 minutes . The authority apologised for any offence caused . It tweeted : \" Our account was hacked for a time this evening . \" for any offence caused by the tweets which have been removed . \" During the security breach , nine tweets were sent including one which promised : \" We 're going to introduce schools . About time eh ?\" . The hackers announced an end to Rochester 's Dickens Festival . Celia Glynn-Williams , head of communication at Medway Council , said action was taken to secure the account as . She added : \" We are for any offence caused by the messages that were tweeted . \" We take the security of our account and are looking into this happened . \"", "He 's been refused to stay because he comes from Ebola hotspot , Sierra Leone . Amara arrived in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight and was turned down by two landlords - one by letter . Both were for him to stay until he handed over his passport and they realised he was from a country at the centre of the epidemic . He told Newsbeat that he was \" to be turned down \" . The letter said : \" Under circumstance . Your profile would be a profile to be one of our lodgers . \" , given that the world is to experience an Ebola epidemic , we have decided to accept anyone that has been near the ebola outbreak within the two months , or is to visit those areas in the future . \" Amara , 35 , told Newsbeat that it is to assume all people from Sierra Leone carry the disease . He says : \" It 's . And if you think everybody coming from Sierra Leone is affected , that 's . \" The news for Amara is that after a weeks of looking , he 's found somewhere to stay so he can continue his studies . than 4,400 people have died in the Ebola outbreak , in West Africa . Britain has begun screening passengers at Heathrow airport . People arriving from the countries will be questioned and may have their temperatures taken . Professor Tom Solomon is an expert on diseases like Ebola and they spread . should we be in the UK ? I think we should be about Ebola in West Africa because the cases have gone and but the situation in the UK is from the situation in West Africa . Was the landlord to be ? I understand people are about Ebola but what people need to do is look at the facts and make decisions . You 're going to get Ebola from renting your flat to someone from Sierra Leone . do people get Ebola ? Ebola is passed on if someone is in contact with the fluids of someone who is with the disease . letting out your property wont put people at risk . Is the virus going to become ? There is no evidence that the virus is and we have seen the virus change and become - so there is no evidence to say that this will happen . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "According to the corporation , \" the extended Ten will give audiences news analysis and explanation \" . With news from the Nations and Regions , the programme will be 45-minutes from Monday through to Thursday , starting from 11 January . The move follows a trial in the run-up to the General Election . \" Along with its sister programme at 6 , The BBC 's 10 o'clock News is the news bulletin in the UK and , in the New Year , it will offer ,\" said Gavin Allen , controller of news programmes . \" Viewers will continue to see the range of stories - and we 'll have scope to explain the events that impact the country and help to make sense of the changing world around us . \" It 's been a bit that the BBC 's profile news bulletin ( if rated - the audience for the Six o'clock News is ) has been the . , the duration has been stuck to . People who tune in for the weather at the end of the bulletin will know this - the news is two , three or five minutes than it says on the schedules . It is , , an move . ITV 's News at Ten presenter Tom Bradby has questioned the BBC scheduling its news at 10pm , and has the culture secretary John Whittingdale . This makes the BBC is planning on vacating the spot , but is digging in . Yet it does present a quandary for those who like to tuck in to Newsnight after the Ten . Newsnight 's start time is around 22:32 . In future , if you stay with the News at Ten until the end of the weather , you will have missed the 13 minutes of the programme . And , for fans of the chair and the celebrity sofa , this is a Monday to Thursday-only change . Question Time on Thursday can be shunted , but Graham Norton , it appears , is sticking to his 22:35 slot .", "Media playback is supported on this device The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday and have won both of their games under Shakespeare since Ranieri 's sacking . \" he wants to be a manager . It does sit with me ,\" Keown said on Match of the Day . \" If you 're manager to Ranieri and he 's walked , is it you want to be the manager ? \" Shakespeare , 53 , has managed and was brought to Leicester by Ranieri 's predecessor Nigel Pearson . He says he expects to speak with the Leicester hierarchy about his future week . \" You have ambition , but I think it 's out of order that he wants to jump in for that job ,\" said Keown . \" they 'll go for a manager who is with experience . \" Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy added : \" While Craig Shakespeare is winning , leave him in charge . change ? Let him carry on . \" Speaking after his side moved five points of the relegation zone , Shakespeare said : \" My remit was to win these two games and that 's what we 've done ,\" he said . \" The owners will make a decision for the good of the club and until I talk to them I do know what that will be . But as I have said , I 'm with that . \" I ca control it and there 's no point worrying about it . \" Leicester had scored a league goal in 2017 until Shakespeare took charge , but have scored six in two games - Premier League goals as they did in their 10 matches under Ranieri . Shakespeare has managed a club but has a association with the Foxes . The Englishman was manager to Nigel Pearson for two years from 2008 , following Pearson to Hull in 2010 before they both returned to Leicester a year . Following Pearson 's sacking in 2015 , Shakespeare remained at the club as Ranieri 's assistant . Leicester are believed to have spoken to a number of candidates to replace Ranieri , but could consider giving Shakespeare the job until the end of the season . The Foxes have held discussions with England boss Roy Hodgson . The 69-year-old has been out of work since leaving the set-up after the Three Lions lost to Iceland at Euro 2016 . Pearson , who saved Leicester from relegation in 2014-15 , has been linked with a return .", "Jo Deering died in 2011 , 52 , months after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act . Under-fire Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust admitted it could have made decisions about her care . , Ms Deering 's sister , Maureen Rickman , said the trust 's findings \" deserved to be binned \" . In December , the BBC revealed that the trust , which provides services to 45,000 people in Hampshire , Dorset , Wiltshire , Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire , had failed to investigate hundreds of deaths since 2011 . Ms Deering , from New Milton , Hampshire , had schizophrenia and was discharged from hospital two weeks after being sectioned . She was sent she was the carer for her 89-year-old mother , who had dementia . Four months she took her life . Her family said the trust should have allowed her to go while she was . In its 2012 report , the trust said the team based at Waterford House who cared for Ms Deering should \" be commended for their efforts to work with Joanna and her family in as an a way as , despite complications \" . Ms Rickman said : \" There is an investigation , nothing of the sort . I could have carried out a investigation myself to be . \" She added : \" It deserves to be binned - nobody would have known anything from this , there is nothing to take from this than a load of psycho babble and twaddle . \" In a statement , Dr Lesley Stevens , director at the trust , said the report found its \" decision-making process about granting leave , and we communicated this with Jo and her family , could have been \" . \" actions to learn from this incident were implemented at the time ,\" she added . She said the trust had provided community support to help Ms Deering with her role as a carer . \" The way we investigate and learn things go , has changed ,\" she added .", "The firm will resume vinyl production at a factory of Tokyo by March 2018 . The move comes amid renewed demand for plastic records , which occupy a market niche . At one time , the format had been expected to disappear after the rise of CDs , downloads and streaming . During vinyl 's decline from the 1980s , vinyl record factories closed down , with production confined to a firms . But this year , vinyl revenue is expected to hit $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 770m ) , with consumers swearing by its sound quality . Analysis : Jonty Bloom , business correspondent They said the CD had killed it and that downloads had left it and buried : but vinyl is . Sony , which played a part in killing off vinyl by developing CDs , has seen them replaced in turn by music technology as downloads and streaming , but vinyl is . The format has been saved by a resurgence in demand , as it attracts consumers , but generations who have rediscovered records , in clubs and at music festivals . Sony is struggling to find engineers who know to make records . Part of the reason for the popularity of vinyl records may be that you can sell them in shops . In the UK , record sales brought in money year than streaming platforms - although the unit costs of vinyl is times that of streaming . Vinyl records have been growing in popularity in years , boosted by events as Record Store Day in April every year , for which record companies produce singles and albums . Sony 's move comes a months after it equipped its Tokyo studio with a cutting lathe , used to produce the master discs needed for manufacturing vinyl records . It has said which titles it will be pressing in vinyl , but sellers in the format these days are a mixture of back-catalogue items and releases by bands .", "Victoria mated with a bear at the Highland Wildlife Park at Kincraig , near Aviemore , this year . To protect her from being disturbed if she is , the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) said she had been taken \" off show \" . If she does raise a cub or cubs , they would be born in December or January . RZSS said it was to say at this stage if Victoria was . bear cubs were born in the UK 25 years . Victoria was brought to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark year and is kept in an enclosure a mile from the park 's two males , Arktos and Walker . She raised cubs in 2008 . Arktos was moved to Victoria 's enclosure for a time this year .", "Seven organisations have issued advice on vitamin D , which the body gets from sunlight . The nutrient keeps bones , and protects against conditions like osteoporosis . The guidance was drawn up because it is thought fears about skin cancer have made people about being in the sun . Cancer Research UK and the National Osteoporosis Society are among the bodies which agree that \" and \" spells in summer sunshine times a week can benefit your health . The experts say it is to go in sun in the middle of the day , as you cover up or apply sunscreen before your skin goes . Professor Rona Mackie , from the British Association of Dermatologists , said : \" sun protection with factor suncream on all the time is , in terms of vitamin D levels . \" Australia has changed its policy on this . They 're producing charts showing parts of Australia sun protection may be required during some parts of the year . \" Some of the messages about sun exposure have been . UK summer sunshine is . We do have days in the year it is . \" What 's changed is that we 're saying that exposure of 10 to 15 minutes to the UK summer sun , without suncream , times a week is a balance between vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer . \" government advice recommends vitamin D supplements for women and children aged under five . But the experts who wrote the statement say mothers are made of this recommendation . They suggest women consult their GP . Winter levels of vitamin D can be helped by a break in the sun - or by eating fish , liver and margarine . Cancer Research UK 's clinician , Professor Peter Johnson , said : \" A diet and sun exposure will be for the majority of the UK population to minimise their cancer risk . \" The area of vitamin D and cancer is . \" There 's some evidence , which is in bowel cancer , that levels of vitamin D in the blood correlate with the risk of developing cancer . \" But that does mean those levels cause bowel cancer . \" We think that levels of vitamin D are to be contributors to the chances of developing cancer in the UK population . \" The statement highlighted questions about vitamin D that warrant research . These include finding out the levels of vitamin D , and detail about the role of sources and supplements .", "Linton Bridge , over the River Wharfe in West Yorkshire , was damaged in the Christmas floods . Emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge between Linton and Collingham remains at risk of collapse , said Leeds City Council . Work , which will cost \u00a3 4.5m , is to start in July to put in place a river platform to work on the foundations . Parts of the bridge dropped about 8in ( 20cm ) after the floodwater undermined its foundations . It has been shut since 27 December and the repair works are expected to be completed by the summer of 2017 . than 100 bridges were damaged by floods in West Yorkshire and a bridge collapsed in Tadcaster in North Yorkshire . Councillor Richard Lewis said : \" I think everyone realises the challenge of repairing Linton Bridge is and requires and work , is something that can be done . \" The meeting decided to put a footbridge in place due to cost and impact . A shuttle bus service has been operating between Linton and Wetherby since January .", "Organisers said 10,000 people were expected , in the city 's show of solidarity with foreigners . At five people have been killed and shops looted in attacks since week . The Zulu king has been accused of fuelling the violence - charges he denies . For the news , views and analysis see the BBC Africa Live page . Locals accuse foreigners of taking their jobs in a country the unemployment rate is 24 % . Tens of thousands of foreigners , from states and Asia , have moved to South Africa since rule ended in 1994 . At 62 people died in attacks that swept South Africa in 2008 . Are you in Durban ? What is your reaction to the march against xenophobia ? Email haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk with your experience . If you would be to speak to a BBC journalist , please include a contact telephone number . Email your pictures to yourpics @ bbc.co.uk , upload them , tweet them to @ BBC _ HaveYourSay or text 61124 . If you are outside the UK , send them to the number + 44 7624 800 100 . Or WhatsApp us on + 44 7525 900971 Read our terms and conditions .", "Nottinghamshire Police were the man fell from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham on Friday evening . A witness told the Nottingham Post he survived the fall before running to another flat and falling . Police are treating the death of the man , in his mid-30s , as . Officers were called to Waterloo Road at 19:30 GMT .", "The Public Administration Committee said it would seek evidence and publish an report before the summer recess this month . Tories fear the rules are being amended to allow the government to campaign to stay in the EU . But ministers say it is needed to allow them to continue their work . The committee , headed by Conservative MP Bernard Jenkin , said the purdah probe would form the part of a inquiry into the EU Referendum Bill , the proposed law that will authorise a referendum on the UK 's membership of the EU by the end of 2017 . Mr Jenkin said he and his colleagues wanted to know the government was planning to \" disapply \" the existing rules on government announcements in the four weeks leading up to the referendum . The inquiry will focus on the existing rules , as set out in the 2000 Political Parties and Referendum Act , the government 's case for amending them , ministers plan to go about it and the impact it will have on the impartiality of the service . In a vote on the issue month , 27 MPs rebelled against their party , urging ministers to reinstate the purdah period although the government won the vote after Labour abstained . The government has said the existing rules would prevent ministers from attending EU meetings and making decisions with a dimension . They have insisted they will address MPs' concerns about this and matters - as the funding to sides and the length of the campaign itself - as the bill makes its way through the Commons . The committee will publish its report on 22 July .", "But archaeologist Steve Clarke believes this fortified farmhouse stood on stilts on a island in an Ice Age lake 4,900 years . The \" crannog 's \" timbers survived and carbon dating said they were built on Jordan Way , Monmouth , 2,917 years BC . A slab of timber was discovered the estate was constructed in 2003 . It is the crannog discovered in Wales . But the , at Llangorse Lake , in the Brecon Beacons , is thousands of years than the discovery . \" This is , it was a lake that was until the Iron Age ,\" said Mr Clarke , 70 . \" This will tell us what was happening in the Stone Age - we know about that period . \"", "Gwent Police was called to the incident near Raglan Services at 11:30 BST on Sunday . The ambulance service said a patient had been taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary . The road was closed in both directions between Monmouth and Raglan for four hours but police said traffic was moving .", "The organisations used the Freedom of Information Act to get details on pay packages for everyone from managers and hospital doctors to dentists and GPs . Researchers included bonuses , pension contributions and redundancy payments , as salaries , in the sums . The Taxpayers' Alliance said some of the figures were concerning . In , the lobby group highlighted the sums being paid to managers . The majority of staff on salaries were , including GPs , hospital consultants and dentists . But 2,400 of the staff were employed by NHS bodies in the UK in roles - of these 472 earned than \u00a3 150,000 . The Daily Mail said its analysis of accounts of NHS bodies showed that the pay bill for NHS directors had risen by 22 % in two years . Another 534 employees of quangos were on salaries . Taxpayers' Alliance executive Jonathan Isaby said : \" No-one begrudges paying doctors and nurses for the jobs they do , but it 's galling to see bosses at failing hospitals continuing to rake in the cash . \" It 's an insult to taxpayers , but it 's for patients who have suffered because of mismanagement and . \" The culture is in the NHS and it must be stamped out as a matter of urgency . \" , figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre have shown that the number of managers in the health service in England , including and level ones , has been falling . There are over 37,600 employed - by a fifth in five years . Ministers in England pointed out that they had written to NHS bodies to discourage \" retire and rehire \" practices staff get pay-offs and start working in linked jobs , while any salaries above the level of the minister 's needed to be scrutinised by the Department of Health . Health Minister David Prior said : \" We are that value for money for the taxpayer is , every pound that is wasted or spent is a pound that cannot be spent on looking after patients . \" Rob Webster , executive of the NHS Confederation , defended the pay levels , saying being a executive in the NHS \" was one of the jobs in the country \" . And he added : \" In the environment for the NHS in a generation , we need leaders who can transform care . They need the ambition and the skills to take people with them , and have the stability and time to build relationships around a shared goal for their population . \"", "28 June 2016 updated at 08:03 BST On 1 July 1916 , soldiers started fighting in the Battle of the Somme . The people in charge said that the battle had to happen to win the war . But by the time it was , than a million soldiers on both sides had died or were injured . people ca agree on whether it was the decision or a mistake . Martin has been to the trenches in France to find out what happened .", "Chay Roberts-Jones was working at Blundells School at Tiverton , Devon , he assaulted the girl under the guise of giving her a sports massage . Roberts-Jones , 29 , was cleared of assaulting two girls at a summer ball and a camping trip by a jury in February at Exeter Crown Court . He was a physics teacher at the \u00c2 \u00a3 31,000 a year school but lives in France . The court heard details of the conviction are to be supplied to the authorities to ensure Roberts-Jones , of Preston Street , Exeter , is to work with children . In May 2014 , he offered to give his victim a massage after she suffered cramp but went to lift her top and try to pull down her trousers . Recorder Mr Philip Mott , QC said there was a \" culpability because of the abuse of trust \" . He said : \" This was flirting and an error of judgment but a effort to pursue your desire and overcome her resistance . \" The judge said Roberts-Jones , who teaches adults in France , had experienced \" punishment in terms of career , self image and place in society \" and suspended his sentence for two years . He ordered Roberts-Jones to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,500 costs and sign on the sex offenders register . Emily Cook , for the defence , said there was an \" element of infatuation \" with the victim which \" got out of hand \" .", "The victim is in a condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital after being injured in a confrontation in Portslade on Saturday . A boy from Hove was held on suspicion of attempted murder and causing GBH with intent . An man from Portslade was arrested on suspicion of affray . Both have been bailed until 18 November . A 16-year-old boy from Portslade , arrested on suspicion of attempted murder , remains in police custody . Sussex Police said emergency services were called to Abinger Road at 17:17 BST a group of youths were gathered in the car park of the Co-op store .", "Tanveer Iqbal 's body was found in his Renault Clio in Portland Road , Edgbaston , on Monday afternoon . The 33-year-old had been seen since closing his Hi-Tech Music shop in Shireland Road , Smethwick , on Sunday evening and had been reported missing . Police said his death is being treated as and a post-mortem examination will be carried out . Mr Iqbal was reported missing at midday on Monday . on this story and others from Birmingham and Black Country Portland Road was cordoned off between City Road and the Ridgeway and the car has been taken for investigation . Det Insp Paul Joyce said police are working \" around the clock \" to try to piece Mr Iqbal 's movements . \" Portland Road is to remain until today while my team continues to carry out an examination at the scene ,\" he said . \" I am to speak to any witnesses who may have seen Mr Iqbal between closing his shop in Smethwick on Sunday night and the time he was discovered at lunchtime on Monday . \"", "The record follows a break during which singer Billie Joe Armstrong went to rehab for prescription pill addiction and touring guitarist Jason White received treatment for tonsil cancer . \" To have a album at this stage of our career is ,\" the band said . As with 2004 's American Idiot , the record is a critique of US society . The album 's single , Bang Bang , addresses the culture of mass shootings , telling the story of one incident through the eyes of a perpetrator . The title track was written after Armstrong joined a march in Manhattan , New York , protesting against a jury 's decision to indict a police officer for the killing of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson . \" It was happening over the country ,\" he told Rolling Stone magazine . \" It was a trip to see people rebel against the order . \" I was feeling that people do want to feel in the things that we care about . \" Revolution Radio outsold its competitor , Barry Gibb 's In The Now , by a ratio of two to one , said the Official Charts Company . entries in this week 's album chart came from US rock band Alter Bridge , who landed at three with The Last Hero , and the Kaiser Chiefs , whose album Stay debuted at four . Pop band OneRepublic scored a entry at six with Oh My My , while Norah Jones entered at 10 with Day Breaks , a record that marks a return to the style of her debut , Come With Me . In the singles chart , James Arthur holds on to the number one spot for the week in a row , with his ballad Say You Wo Let Go . The singer strengthened his lead over the competition thanks to a performance on week 's X Factor , which resulted in 50,000 sales and 5.16 million streams - the figure his song has achieved . Bruno Mars was the entry 24K Magic , a retread of his hit single Uptown Funk ; while star Zara Larsson edged to the 10 with her Ai My Fault rising three places to number 13 . Actress-turned-pop star Hailee Steinfeld had the single of the week , as Starving - her collaboration with dance producer Zedd - leapt from 28 to 17 . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 44-year-old had been in charge at Rugby Park since February 2016 , he replaced Gary Locke . He kept Killie in the Premiership season and leaves them in place . Chris Brass , 41 , had been announced in December as head coach at Bury until the end of the season after David Flitcroft was fired . \" Lee is someone who I have followed through his playing and career ,\" said Shakers chairman Stewart Day . \" I believe that Lee is the man and he has an enthusiasm and desire to take this club . I was with his knowledge of the club and the contacts he has in the game and he believes in what we can achieve . \" Huddersfield , Birmingham and Blackpool boss Clark takes charge of a Bury side sat in the relegation zone in the tier and will be on the sidelines for the game against Chesterfield on Saturday . Assistant Lee McCulloch will become manager of Kilmarnock , with Peter Leven as his No.2 . McCulloch is to be offered the position until the end of the season . Clark , a midfielder at Newcastle , Fulham and Sunderland , won 10 of his 44 games in charge at Kilmarnock . \" I have had a year as Kilmarnock manager ,\" he told the club website . \" The club and fans have treated myself and my family - we are in a position with a and squad and staff . \" The directors have given me their support in rebuilding the squad and the fans will have a place in my heart , but I have ambition to one day manage at the level in England , which is the Premier League . \" I feel that the challenge of managing a club in England 's League One could provide me with the platform to build towards this goal . \"", "This brings the number of dismissals to than 3,000 following the failed coup , in which units used tanks and aircraft to try to oust President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . On Saturday Mr Erdogan announced steps to put all forces under government control , amid a crackdown . He accuses cleric Fetullah Gulen of being behind the coup attempt . At 246 people died as soldiers tried to seize power on 15 July . Mr Gulen denies any involvement . The soldiers to be dismissed include Mr Erdogan 's adviser , a aide to the chief of the staff and the defence minister 's chief secretary . On Saturday the government announced plans to close all academies and bring land , naval and air forces under the control of the defence ministry . The proposals need to be approved by parliament . The coup has triggered a purge , with 66,000 sector workers dismissed and 50,000 passports cancelled . The state has shut 142 media outlets and detained journalists . A state of emergency has been declared . President Erdogan has ignored unease about the crackdown , telling his critics : \" Mind your business . \"", "The Local Government Association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings . Staff are working with tenants to review and offer fire safety advice . Police say at 30 people died as a result of the London blaze . : updates on the Grenfell Tower fire Lord Porter , LGA chairman , said : \" Following the fire at Grenfell Tower , councils with tower blocks in their area have been working with their fire service , and undertaking reviews of their buildings . \" Fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings are being reviewed and checks are being made to ensure work recommended under assessments have been carried out . \" fire safety checks were organised across authorities , including Camden , Newham , Croydon and Redbridge . In Leeds , which has 116 blocks , the council is carrying out a review of fire safety in all blocks as a matter of urgency , but reassuring residents checks are in place . In the Midlands , councils in Coventry and Birmingham , which have 38 blocks , say they have records and no buildings have cladding like the type used in Grenfell Tower . London fire : Homes offered to Grenfell victims London fire : Fire protesters storm town hall May promises ' investigation ' into fire In Wolverhampton , the city council said that of the 36 tower blocks across the city , a number have cladding . The authority said it was \" \" the cladding is of a standard , but will undergo checks with manufacturers . Fire crews in Solihull have visited blocks to reassure residents . councillors in Liverpool will hold a meeting with landlords on Saturday , while the fire service is reviewing its inspection processes for buildings and prioritising inspections of premises across Merseyside . St Katherine 's Court in Northampton , which was refurbished , was inspected by the fire service . Management said cladding used is a type to that used on Grenfell Tower . , fire services in Lincolnshire , Cambridgeshire and Humberside have confirmed they will be visiting buildings . And in Cornwall , which has one tower block , a meeting with residents and council and fire officers is planned for week . Lord Porter added : \" Councils take the safety of residents . We need to know with certainty this fire started and it spread so that councils can start to take any action needed . \"", "The vehicle overturned on the road between Mecca and Medina , Mena said . There were 44 pilgrims on board the bus it crashed , the agency said . The incident comes days after 16 pilgrims from the West Bank were killed their bus crashed in Jordan on its way to Saudi Arabia . The groups were both travelling to Mecca to perform the pilgrimage , or Umrah .", "Media playback is on your device 24 February 2015 updated at 20:27 GMT The 67-year-old , who was of returning to his Gateshead home after the attack in January , has begun house hunting thanks to an fundraising campaign that attracted donations of than \u00c2 \u00a3 330,000 . But Mr Barnes , whose collarbone was broken he was knocked to the ground , told Look North 's Peter Harris he was to meet his attacker , drug-user Richard Gatiss , 25 .", "Media playback is supported on this device The American , 32 , looked set to take part after warming up on the range but he withdrew on the tee . The US Open champion fell on the stairs and hurt his back on Wednesday . \" I 'm playing the golf of my life and to have a accident happen yesterday afternoon , it sucks ,\" said Johnson . \" I have been worked on all morning and I can take some swings , but I ca swing , I ca make my swing and I did think there was any chance I could compete . \" The PGA Tour winner added : \" I was wearing socks and slipped and went down the three stairs . The side of my back took the brunt of it and my elbow is bruised . \" Johnson 's caddie was placing the ball on his tee for him on the range , while coach Butch Harmon said pain hindered Johnson 's rest . before his withdrawal , he progressed from hitting wedge shots on the range to swings and his involvement looked as he made his way to the tee for a 19:03 BST start alongside playing partners Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker . Johnson was a pick to win the major of the year as a result of the form he has shown in 2017 . He has won the three tournaments in which he has competed - February 's Genesis Open , and both the WGC Mexico Championship and WGC Dell Match Play in March . as winning year 's US Open by four shots , he finished at the Open Championship and tied at the Masters . BBC Radio 5 correspondent Iain Carter Johnson took until the second to make what must have been an decision to pull out . He was standing on the tee before making the call of his career . It is a blow for the player who has dominated golf this season . He arrived off the back of three victories and was a favourite . All that has been lost through his fall at his home and the damage done to his back .", "Tony Tinley responded to The Sunday Times report that the company may spend research budgets if government support for innovation is cut . Mr Tinley said he wanted the firm to commit itself to the city . Rolls-Royce said it invests in research and development \" the environment is \" . The union fears that grants offered by the department for Business , Innovation and Skills , to firms like Rolls-Royce , could be turned into loans as a result of spending cuts . Mr Tinley , a Unite officer in the East Midlands , said : \" If you move [ research and development ] , the manufacturing goes with it . \" You could be arguing that the presence of Rolls-Royce is being put at risk . \" I get called a scaremonger for this but I 've sat and looked in the eyes of these people [ management ] , I do see that commitment . \" Dr Ian Jackson , from Staffordshire University 's business school , said turning grants into loans could have a effect on Rolls-Royce . He said : \" It would put at risk the scientists and engineers at Rolls-Royce in Derby , but the supply chain , and into the hinterland of what supports that . \" Rolls-Royce , which employs 13,000 people in Derby , said in a statement : \" Rolls-Royce has maintained that we invest in research and development the environment is . \" The location of research and technology is on the stages of innovation happens , and the UK today has a and environment for Rolls-Royce to invest . \" A government spokesperson said : \" We want the UK to be the place in Europe to innovate and grow a business . \" We are simplifying support for business , boosting collaboration and investing in research infrastructure on a record scale . \"", "Bangladesh police are investigating the murder of an aid worker who was shot on Monday , with the Islamic State group saying it is . The series was to begin in Chittagong on Friday , 9 October . \" One man gets killed , an Italian , and the tour is . We 've had 50,000 people killed in Pakistan ,\" Khan said . Khan was referring to figures estimating the number of \" fatalities in violence \" in Pakistan since 2003 . In May , Pakistan hosted their home fixture since gunmen attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lanka team on its way to play in Lahore in 2009 . \" A amount of tension is through terrorism , but they have to trust the Bangladeshis , the Indians , the Sri Lankans and Pakistanis . We give them 100 % protection ,\" Khan added . \" Some of the countries , like Australia and New Zealand , are . \" Cricket Australia had delayed the team 's scheduled departure on 28 September while it worked on a \" security plan \" . But it says that advice means it had \" no alternative but to postpone the tour \" . The Bangladesh Cricket Board ( BCB ) said it was \" \" by the decision but is \" to rescheduling the series at a date \" . On Wednesday , the BCB had promised \" VVIP \" treatment for the team , saying they would be given the level of security afforded to visiting heads of state . England are to tour Bangladesh to play two Tests and three one-day internationals in October and November 2016 .", "Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that can cause a infection in people with systems - those with HIV . Birds are known to carry the fungus , with experts puzzled the birds themselves do appear to become . Research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth . The fungus , found in bird 's droppings , infects the lungs or the system . Scientists at the University of Sheffield and the University of Birmingham found it can grow within the bird 's tract , but if it tries to invade the bird 's body the system destroys it . Dr Simon Johnston , who led the research , said : \" Birds have a body temperature than humans , but this is to stop the fungus . \" By studying bird cells under the microscope , we have seen that macrophage cells have the ability to block the growth of the fungus , which can be in humans . He added : \" If we can learn some animals are to resist infection we might be to gain insights into we can improve the response to this fungus . \" The universities said the work was part of a effort to help fight cryptococcosis . The findings are reported in the journal Scientific Reports .", "The flight from Manchester Airport to Agadir in Morocco , was diverted to London Gatwick than an hour after take-off on Thursday . The Thomson Airways Boeing 737-800 took off at 18:42 BST before being struck . A spokeswoman for the airline said it was an \" \" event and the diversion was \" \" . The flight landed in Agadir . Liam Bolton , 27 , from Chester in Cheshire , was travelling to Morocco for a holiday with his girlfriend he heard a \" crack \" on the aircraft . He said the plane \" lit up like someone had taken a photo \" . \" It was 10-15 minutes after take-off and there was a flash ... everyone turned to each and knew it was lightning . \" half an hour , the pilot announced we 'd been hit by lightning and we 'd be landing at Gatwick ,\" he said . After three hours on the runway , the plane took off , he added . Thomson Airways has apologised for any inconvenience caused by the weather conditions .", "Victoria Gayle , 31 , was charged with preventing the and burial of a body after police discovered the remains of a baby at her home month . Ms Gayle , of West Hendon , north London , appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court on Monday afternoon . She spoke to confirm her name , address , and date of birth . The court heard a post-mortem examination took place at Great Ormond Street Hospital on 2 June but the cause of death could be determined . Ms Gayle was charged with perverting the course of justice . She was asked to submit a plea and will appear at Kingston Crown Court on 8 July . The charge follows a case review of an investigation into a child who went in 2004 , which was sparked by the death of another child at an address in Barnet in 2015 . The investigation led to the arrest of a woman in Fryent Crescent , West Hendon in London . A man was arrested on suspicion of preventing a and burial . Both were bailed until mid-July .", "The A344 to the monument was shut in June to \" restore the dignity \" of the stone circle as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 27m project . Residents of villages including Shrewton and Orcheston say their lanes have become \" runs \" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303 . Campaigners will collect signatures for a petition this weekend . Janice Hassett , from the Shrewton Traffic Action Group ( Stag ) , said : \" The A344 should have been closed before the A303 was dualled . \" The A303 at Stonehenge Bottom was , but it 's a nightmare . \" Traffic is backing up to Thruxton on a holiday weekend . \" Sat-navs are sending people through our villages . There 's going to be an accident . \" The petition is asking for \" action \" to be taken to tackle volumes of traffic using the B3086 through Shrewton , a speed limit to be introduced and signage to be installed .", "The Championship side are to allow the Scotland international to leave on a transfer , but they are to consider a loan move . The 28-year-old , who is out of contract at the end of the season , joined Blues from Swindon in August 2012 . He has played in 159 games for the club , but has been limited to one appearance this season . \" We have had a chat ,\" boss Gianfranco Zola told BBC Sport . \" I 've told him that I do mind if he wants to stay . \" He has players in front of him in his position , but I 've told him that If you want to stay and fight and you deserve to play , you will play . \" Caddis is a player whose name is imprinted in Birmingham footballing folklore , having scored the goal at Bolton that kept Blues in the Championship on the day of the season , in May 2014 .", "Australia are in a position after two days of the Test at Lord 's as they look to square the series after England 's win in Cardiff . Johnson , 33 , was named man of the series following Australia 's Ashes win in 2013-14 he took 37 wickets . \" I hope . That 'd be , to have those scars come ,\" he said . paceman Johnson had a time at the Test in Cardiff as he finished with match figures of 2-180 . But he looked to something like his at Lord 's with 2-16 from a spell as England recovered from 30-4 to reach 85-4 after Australia had declared on 566-8 . \" Nothing 's changed for me . It 's to go and perform and to bowl at pace ,\" Johnson added . \" The ball 's been swinging over and I 've enjoyed that . the ball swings at pace it makes it a . \" He appeared to make light of England 's talk of playing a attacking style of cricket under coach Trevor Bayliss . \" We were hoping they would come out and play the brand they 've been talking about ,\" he said . \" We hope they come out in the morning and do the thing . \" And he added : \" I guess Ben Stokes is a player so we 'd like to see him play some shots and get a couple of wickets in the morning . \" I ca decide for them , if they want to play cricket or if they want to go the way . \" England paceman Stuart Broad , who took four for 83 in Australia 's innings , accepted his side had succumbed to the pressure of the tourists' total . \" It 's a period you 've conceded a lot of runs to go out and bat for 30 overs ,\" he said . \" It 's a test for you and I think we did switch on for 20 minutes - and lost four wickets . \" We 'll have a batsmen in that changing room wishing they could face their balls and play them , I think . \"", "Police have confirmed paint was thrown over doors and windows at Crumlin Orange Hall some time between 2300 BST on Monday and 1000 BST on Tuesday . SDLP South Antrim MLA Thomas Burns condemned those behind the attack which he said was \" \" . \" They can harm and destroy , they can cause pain and hardship and expense to taxpayers and ratepayers ,\" he said .", "The death was announced on Monday and five are in hospital , following the event in Haaksbergen in Overijssel province . Video footage shows the modified pick-up with outsized tyres driving over a row of cars as part of the show , but veering off course . A boy , a man and a woman died . Besides the five injured there are another 18 with injuries , the Haaksbergen mayor 's office said . Helicopters helped ferry the injured to hospitals in three towns . \" A monster truck drove into a crowd of spectators . A accident with two victims ,\" town authorities said on their website on Sunday . Video of the accident posted on media showed the truck revving and riding over six cars before heading towards spectators who were separated from the show by metal barriers . Screaming , some managed to get but others had no time to escape . The driver of the truck has been detained and an inquiry has been opened , police said , quoted by media .", "Frank Field said Jeremy Corbyn was in touch on \" injustices \" but warned of an \" walloping \" over security and migration . Mr Corbyn is against Britain 's weapons system and has called on the UK to accept refugees . , a Labour pollster has criticised the party 's report into it lost the election . Deborah Mattinson told the BBC 's Sunday Politics her research had been included in the review , led by Dame Margaret Beckett , and branded it a \" whitewash and a missed opportunity \" . Labour said the Beckett report had \" consulted and \" , taking input from pollsters , pundits and academics . Mr Field , a welfare minister , campaigns on migration issues alongside MP Sir Nicholas Soames . In a Sunday Telegraph article , they call for an end to the UK 's \" policy \" , warning of a risk to cohesion unless immigration is reduced . He told Sky News : \" On the issues , , which will decide the election , which is about defending our borders and defending us as a nation , the Labour opposition looks as if it is walking in the direction . \" that is going to have to be sorted out before the election if we are to get a walloping . \" Speaking on the BBC 's Sunday Politics , Michael Dugher , who was sacked as culture secretary in Mr Corbyn 's reshuffle , said the Labour leader \" faces a test \" in the May elections . Mr Dugher said Mr Corbyn had to be given a chance because of his \" mandate from party members \" , but said he had to show he could convert this into support from the public , including voters . Speaking to John Pienaar on BBC Radio 5 Live , front-bencher Chuka Umunna said May 's elections would be \" \" but said Mr Corbyn was \" elected by our members and he deserves a chance to show he can do it \" . He said it was \" \" to call the report into Labour 's election defeat a whitewash .", "Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service , which employs 700 people , may lose 50-60 firefighters as part of the savings plan . The number of crewed stations was reduced to four in a round of cuts - two remain in Ipswich , along with Lowestoft and Bury St Edmunds . A consultation on Suffolk County Council 's plans will take place . Seven of the county 's 47 fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of the \u00a3 1.3m cuts . A fire engine in Sudbury , a fire broke out in September , could be replaced with a \" response \" vehicle . Matthew Hicks , of Suffolk County Council , said he was an \" service \" could be maintained . \" Without question , this is a challenging set of proposals ,\" he said . \" , they have been shaped by the feedback we received during the pre-consultation held in the summer . \" I encourage people to respond to this consultation so we have a range of views to inform our decisions . \" There has been a fall in the number of emergency calls over the 10 years in Suffolk , in line with authorities , from 10,000 in 2004 to 6,700 year . A spokesman for the Suffolk Fire Brigades Union said they were \" about the devastating cuts \" which , they said , were \" nothing but \" . Chairman Andy Vingoe said : \" The \u00a3 1.3m saving could be avoided if council tax was increased by than \u00a3 1.80 per person in Suffolk per year . \" We urge all residents to reply to the consultation to tell the council that we are to endure these cuts . \"", "Speaking to reporters , FBI boss James Comey said the plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations . Lives could depend on police forces continuing to get access to the data on devices used by criminals and terrorists , he said . The FBI was talking to both Apple and Google about its fears , said Mr Comey . The conversations with tech firms needed to be had before the day police forces lost access to those devices , he said . \" I 'd hate to have people look at me and say , ' Well come you ca save this kid ? ' ' come you ca do this thing ?'\" said Mr Comey in a briefing . His comments came in reaction to a decision by Apple to enable a file encryption system on its iOS 8 software for which it has no keys . This means it would be to comply with any request to help police get at the data on those devices . Google has said it is planning to enable a encryption system by default on the version of Android . Mr Comey said he was \" \" about these plans because of what they would allow people to do . \" What concerns me about this is companies marketing something to allow people to place themselves beyond the law ,\" he said . \" I am a believer in the rule of law , but I am a believer that no-one in this country is beyond the law ,\" he added . Apple and Google have to respond to Mr Comey 's comments . Ten days to Mr Comey 's press statement , iOS data forensics expert Jonathan Zdziarski pointed out that Apple 's encryption system would stop police getting at data on devices . weakening security systems to aid the police was a decision , he said . \" For the sake of privacy and security , the solution is to make products as , and let detective work do the crime solving , than an button ,\" he wrote in a blogpost .", "miniature versions of the aircraft used by the military could fall into the hands , he told the UK 's Guardian newspaper . Quarrelling neighbours , he suggested , might end up buzzing each with surveillance drones . He warned of the risk of terrorists using the technology . Mr Schmidt is believed to have relations with US President Barack Obama , whom he advises on matters of science and technology . \" You 're having a dispute with your neighbour ,\" he told The Guardian in an interview printed on Saturday . \" would you feel if your neighbour went over and bought a observation drone that they can launch from their backyard . It flies over your house all day . would you feel about it ? \" Warning of potential as a weapon , he said : \" I 'm going to pass judgment on whether armies should exist , but I would prefer to spread and democratise the ability to fight war to every being . \" \" It 's got to be regulated ... It 's one thing for governments , who have some legitimacy in what they 're doing , but have people doing it ... it 's going to happen . \" drones , as flying cameras , are , and surveillance were introduced to track poachers in the state of Assam . The US and Israel have led the way in years in using drones as weapons of war as for surveillance . America 's Federal Aviation Administration is exploring drones , or aircraft systems , can be introduced into US airspace .", "Norah Boyle , 85 , suffered a head injury as Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma put her to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton . She died 23 days . The workers delayed calling 999 and pretended Mrs Boyle knocked her head on the head board . They must do 160 hours' work and pay \u00c2 \u00a3 500 court costs each . The pair were prosecuted for being for the fall , but for being \" in their response \" . Mrs Boyle died in hospital after developing pneumonia . In sentencing , judge Mark Wall said it was to say whether reporting the incident any would have made any difference to Mrs Boyle 's death . Her daughter , Ellen Boyle , said : \" I 'm that that 's what they got for what happened to my mum . \" I 'm that my mother 's life is 12 months of a community order . \" Speaking after the court hearing Det Sgt Victoria Lee said the pair had delayed calling an ambulance while they came up with a cover story . \" While [ Duncan and Ouma ] plotted , Mrs Boyle laid in bed with a head injury , her head bleeding onto the pillow ,\" she said . \" of us have relatives who are , or \u20ac\u00a6 we expect them to be cared for and . \" Duncan , 40 , of Shartlands Close , Cotteridge , and Ouma , 31 , of Summerfield Crescent , Edgbaston , had pleaded at an hearing at Birmingham Crown Court to neglect and ill-treatment .", "The game features cards with a series of quiz questions , but some of the answers given are . One answer claims the moon is 225 miles from the earth - of 238,900 miles . Manufacturers Paul Lamond Games said they \" apologise \" and added replacement cards would be issued . It is understood at six of the 50 answers in one round of the game - which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 19.99 - are . One answer placed Stonehenge in Somerset of Wiltshire and a maths question suggested two cubed was than three squared . It said Albert Einstein died in 1949 of 1955 and gave the number of Coronation Street episodes to date as 8,000 , the figure is than 9,000 . One customer who bought the game told The Sun : \" I could believe it , the answers are ... [ but ] the kids wo accept the game could be . \" A representative for Paul Lamond Games told the BBC : \" We have been made of some mistakes with the answers to the questions within the production run of this game . \" \" These have been corrected and we would like to apologise for these errors . \" Any affected customer can email us stating their name and address and we will send out a replacement set of corrected cards of charge . \" The company 's email address is on their website . Ant & Dec - whose names are Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly - have hosted Saturday Night Takeaway on ITV since 2002 , although the show took a break from 2009 . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "1,500 officers have been deployed to the Olympic Stadium area , authorities have said . Officials are in alert following Tuesday 's attacks in Brussels . year , a friendly between Germany and the Netherlands in Hannover was called off two hours before its start due to a security threat , four days after the Paris attacks . One of the targets in Paris was the Stade de France , Germany were playing France in a match . 72,000 people are expected to attend Saturday 's match in Berlin between two of the favourites for June 's Euro 2016 . In the hours of the game , fans gathered around the stadium amid a security presence . They face security checks and bag searches before entering the arena . \" This is of course a event drawing lots of people . Like all events , there is a risk involved , so we are ,\" Berlin police spokesman Stefan Redlich told Reuters news agency . \" We searched the Olympic stadium with dogs trained to sniff out explosives before we let the fans in . we can be that there are no objects in the stadium . \"", "The firm filed an application with the Hong Kong stock exchange on Thursday in a bid to boost growth in one of the world 's growing movie markets . Imax 's China profits jumped 30 % year , according to the filing . It has been expanding in the Greater China region , doubling the number of theatres since 2012 . March figures indicate Imax has 239 theatres in China , Hong Kong and Taiwan , but the company says it is planning to build another 219 theatres in China . News of the listing comes as box office revenue in the world 's economy jumped 36 % year to $ 4.9bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.2bn ) , which is three times than it was 2010 . The parent company is listed in New York and its shares rose as 9 % after the announcement .", "Officers seized the Maserati GranCabrio - a model of which can cost up to \u00a3 100,000 - on King 's Road in Kingston on suspicion of it having no insurance . The Met said the car was impounded and the owner would be summoned to court . If found the owner , who has been named , faces a \u00a3 300 fine and six points on their licence A Kingston Police spokesman said the driver was pulled over because officers thought the car seemed for a learner to be driving . In March , a \" gold fleet \" including a Lamborghini Aventador , a Mercedes G63 6x6 and a Bentley Flying Spur were all spotted in Knightsbridge with parking tickets on their windscreens .", "\" It 's , man , it is ,\" said Gennett , the Reds player to achieve the feat and who tied a club record with 10 runs batted in . \" I 'm . Being from , born . It 's an honour for . \" No player has hit than four in a game - Bobby Lowe was the , for Boston Beaneaters on 30 May , 1894 . Josh Hamilton was the to tie the record , for Texas against Baltimore on 8 May , 2012 .", "Mark Gilmore was suspended in June 2014 by the county 's police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts in Northern Ireland . PCC Mark Burns-Williamson said prosecutors had concluded there was no case for the constable to answer . , Mr Gilmore will return to his post . In a statement , Mr Burns-Williamson said : \" There remains a requirement for me to consider conduct matters in relation to the police standards of behaviour and an investigation will be carried out by Lancashire Police . \" While this conduct investigation takes place Mark Gilmore has agreed to work on a transition project for the National Police Chiefs' Council ( NPCC ) and to delegate control of West Yorkshire Police to his deputy Dee Collins who has , in his absence , acted as the constable . \" The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) had arrested a total of seven men on suspicion of offences including bribery , misconduct in office and procuring misconduct in office . Mr Gilmore , from Belfast , joined the Royal Ulster Constabulary , the predecessor of the PSNI , in 1983 . He was appointed Chief Constable of West Yorkshire in April 2013 .", "He is the Secretary of State to visit the city . In a meeting with Somalia 's president under security at the airport , he said : \" time I come , we have to be to walk downtown \" . The US backs the government in its fight against group al-Shabab , which controls parts of Somalia . news as it happens : 5 May 2015 The meeting with President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud and leaders was held at Mogadishu airport , as Mr Kerry is leaving its fortified perimeters . Mr Kerry said : \" I visited Somalia today because your country is turning \" . The changes he pointed out were forces pushing al-Shabab out of towns and a \" effort \" to put all of Somalia 's pirates out of business . BBC Somalia analyst Mary Harper says the US plays a if role in Somalia , supporting the government in its fight against al-Shabab . Al-Shabab leaders have been killed in US drone strikes . Our correspondent points out that America is to take a role than it did in the 1990s , the bodies of US servicemen were dragged through the streets of Mogadishu .", "Elizabeth Timar , 18 , was seen near Blackpool Sands at 19:45 BST on Monday . Romanian Ms Timar , from Exeter , had been \" at the beach for the afternoon with a male \" , said Devon and Cornwall Police . The force has carried out a air and sea search with help from RNLI coastguards and Dartmoor Search and Rescue Group . Ms Timar was seen wearing a coat with a top , jeans , and carrying a handbag . A force spokesman said : \" If anybody was in the area on Monday and saw a female acting please get in touch . \"", "Matthew Daley , 35 , denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock , 79 , in Findon , near Worthing , July , claiming responsibility . Lewes Crown Court heard that than having Asperger 's syndrome he had an underlying illness that was undiagnosed for years . psychiatrist Dr Roderick Ley made the assessment after the stabbing . Mr Lock , a retired solicitor , was stabbed after crashing at 16mph into the back of Mr Daley 's car on the A24 in West Sussex on 16 July . He was forced to brake after Mr Daley made an emergency stop . The great-grandfather , who had been given the all-clear from prostate cancer , died at the scene . The trial has heard Mr Daley , of St Elmo Road , Worthing , had been suffering from health problems for 10 years , and his family had \" pleaded \" with experts to section him . On Monday , Dr Ley told jurors : \" It 's that the diagnosis of Asperger 's was . \" He has an underlying illness that was for , years . \" He said Mr Daley was every moment of every day , and he would \" downplay \" his symptoms . , Dr Ley agreed that he exhibited \" \" , \" \" and \" \" traits , adding that it was he would have resolution of his illness . Another expert , consultant psychiatrist Dr Philip Joseph , said he was on all the evidence he had seen that Mr Daley was at the time of the killing . Jurors head from Mr Daley 's father , who said his son had been a person . John Daley described him as a \" guy \" who was to his family and animals . He said Mr Daley was \" in all his dealings with others , to a fault in that he finds it to lie about things \" . He told the court that he became about his son 's health he reported hearing voices . Mr Daley said he started a journal , to keep track of his son 's treatment . \" The reason for having the document was , as time went on , it was that Matthew 's life expectations were draining and I did want to be in my 80s and look saying , ' What did I do '?\" The trial continues .", "The 48-year-old took had been in charge of Posh since replacing Dave Robertson in September and lifted the club as the play-off places in January . But they have fallen to in the table and have lost four of their five matches . Assistant Grant McCann will take charge for the two games of the season . Westley was asked by BBC Radio Cambridgeshire if he felt pressure following Saturday 's defeat and said : \" I come to work every day and feel pressure , I put pressure on myself . \" I do like losing football matches , but I know the job . The job is to build winning . \" the job is to get our players on the pitch , to give them a chance to succeed and to grow , and that 's what we 've done ( against Scunthorpe ) . \" There 'll be lessons learned by all of the players , and if we 're going to be a club year , we need the players to step up to the plate and the experience will be for them . \" The Stevenage and Preston boss began his career at the ABAX Stadium with 10 wins from his 14 matches in all competitions . , after losing to West Brom in a FA Cup replay on penalties and the January sale of forward Conor Washington , the club 's scorer this season with 15 , Posh lost six of their seven league matches . After a run of three victories , the club 's form dipped , leading chairman Darragh MacAnthony to say \" I employ over 300 people at Peterborough United , one of those employees has a job in the summer \" . this week , Westley bemoaned his side 's discipline - the record in the Football League with 104 yellow cards and seven reds - saying it was costing them games . A statement on the Peterborough website read : \" The club would like to thank Graham for his efforts on behalf of the football club . \" Chairman Darragh MacAnthony will take time to speak to candidates for the manager position . \"", "The network will see up to 21 TV stations in areas including Belfast , Edinburgh , Cardiff and London . The service will be to all viewers and may be offered on satellite , cable and . Ofcom said it will decide on applicants this autumn , with the channels expected to launch year . Licences will be awarded based on a set of criteria including the provision of news and affairs , programme proposals , launch date and viability . The 21 areas Ofcom have selected for TV are : Belfast , Birmingham , Brighton & Hove , Bristol , Cardiff , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Grimsby , Leeds , Liverpool and London . Manchester , Newcastle , Norwich , Nottingham , Oxford , Plymouth , Preston , Sheffield , Southampton and Swansea will benefit from the service . The areas were selected for having levels of interest from operators and being of receiving a TV service . The BBC Trust published the details of its funding contribution for the network . As part of the licence fee settlement , the BBC agreed to contribute up to \u00c2 \u00a3 25 million for the bidder to build the network . \" I hope to see some bids for TV channels ,\" UK Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt said . \" TV will create jobs but it will provide communities with news and content that is to their lives . \"", "The pilot was flying solo during a training flight on Thursday and radioed for assistance while returning to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire . The Hawk jet was joined by another aircraft from the squadron as a wingman to provide guidance . They flew in formation and landed . The RAF has offered no details on the condition of the pilot . A spokesman said : \" Flying in formation , and conducting an approach to land as a formation , is a skill practised by RAF jet pilots . \"", "New Healthway , a book on hygiene and health aimed at 11 and 12 year-olds , is printed by one of India 's leading publishers . Academics have urged the government to exercise control . But the authorities say schools should monitor content as they are for the choice of textbooks . \" This is for children ,\" Janaki Rajan of the Faculty of Education at Jamia Millia University in Delhi told the BBC . \" The government has the power to take action , but they are washing their hands of it ,\" she said . It is which schools have bought the book for their students , but correspondents say what is is that such a book is to students . \" The argument that meat is food is the fact that the Creator of this Universe did include meat in the diet for Adam and Eve . He gave them fruits , nuts and vegetables ,\" reads a chapter entitled Do We Need Flesh Food ? The chapter details the \" benefits \" of a diet and goes on to list \" some of the characteristics \" found among non-vegetarians . \" They cheat , tell lies , forget promises , they are and tell words , steal , fight and turn to violence and commit sex crimes ,\" it says . The chapter , of inaccuracies , refers to Eskimos ( Inuit ) as \" , and \" , because they live on \" a diet of meat \" . It adds : \" The Arabs who helped in constructing the Suez Canal lived on wheat and dates and were to the Englishmen engaged in the work . \" The publishers , S Chand , did respond to the BBC 's requests for a comment .", "The pedestrian was hit at the Texaco garage on Roman Farm Road , Hengrove , on Tuesday evening and trapped by the car until it stopped on Creswicke Road . Shakrun Islam , 30 , of Chipping Sodbury , is before Bristol Crown Court on Friday . He was remanded in custody . The victim , Kyle Clarke , died at the scene from his injuries . His mother , Helen Stockford , said in a family statement : \" We would like to thank the public and the emergency services for all their support on Tuesday night . \" We would ask the media for privacy at this time to allow us to grieve in peace . \"", "23 March 2017 updated at 14:55 GMT", "Joao Santana was seen as the architect of Ms Rousseff 's 2010 and 2014 election victories . He has denied receiving bribes in a scheme to divert funds from the state-run oil company Petrobras . 50 politicians , including the leader of the house of Congress , are under investigation in the Petrobras corruption scandal . Mr Santana is accused of receiving bribes from engineering conglomerates . Analysts say the charge against him is a blow for President Rousseff who is facing impeachment proceedings . He was arrested in February after he returned from the Dominican Republic , he was working on the re-election campaign of President Danilo Medina . Because of his proximity to her , the arrest is expected to damaged her standing , though impeachment proceedings against her are related to the Petrobras corruption investigation . A journalist , Mr Santana is for producing , campaign videos appealing to voters . Mr Santana had called the accusations \" \" . And he had words for the investigation , saying that Brazil was living in a \" climate of persecution \" . If the investigating judge accepts the allegations against him , Mr Santana will be jailed . In Brasilia , a Senate commission has begun hearings of a vote on whether the Senate should take on impeachment proceedings against President Rousseff . A Senate vote is expected to take place around 11 May . Across the country , supporters blocked roads in cities in nine states during Thursday 's morning rush-hour to call for the halt of impeachment proceedings against President Rousseff . In Sao Paulo , the city saw hundreds of kilometres of traffic jams which formed behind roadblocks of burning tyres .", "The appeal , from Interpol , is part of an effort to track down individuals involved in fishing , logging and wildlife trafficking . The trade in wildlife crime is said to be around $ 213bn per annum , according to the UN . This is the time that individuals have been targeted . Investigators from 21 countries gathered at Interpol 's headquarters in France in October to share information on suspects involved in a range of crimes involving the environment . Called Operation Infra Terra , the agency is asking for assistance from the public in tracking down nine suspects . \" the detail , which you might think is , has the potential to break a case combined with evidence the police have ,\" said Ioannis Kokkinis , from Interpol . \" all it takes is a pair of eyes to bring momentum to an investigation and provide the missing clue which will help locate these wanted individuals , some of whom have been evading justice for years ,\" he added . One of those named is Feisal Mohammed Ali , alleged to be the leader of an ivory smuggling ring in Kenya . He is being sought in connection with the seizure of 314 pieces , weighing over two tonnes in Mombasa in June . Others on the list include Ahmed Kamran who was charged with an attempt to smuggle over 100 animals , including giraffes and impalas , to Qatar on a plane . Ariel Bustamante Sanchez is alleged to have been involved in tuna fishing in protected waters off Costa Rica . The move has been welcomed by Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) . They are concerned with the impact of crime on species but with the effect on stability . \" Countries are treating wildlife crime as a offence , and we will leave no stone to locate and arrest these criminals to ensure that they are brought to justice ,\" said Ben Janse van Rensburg from Cites . \" The public can play a role in this effort , they our eyes and ears on the ground . Their support can help ensure that the offenders face the might of the law and are punished . \" Member of the public who have any information on the location of the fugitives can use this form to contact Interpol . Information can be given to any crime stoppers programme . Follow Matt on Twitter @ mattmcgrathbbc .", "The Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index ( PMI ) fell to 47 in September , below forecasts of 47.5 and from 47.3 in August . A reading below 50 indicates contraction in the sector , while one shows expansion . The Shanghai Composite dropped 2.2 % to 3,115.89 on the disappointing data . The survey marked the month of contraction in the sector . In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index closed 2.3 % at 21,302.91 . markets are closed for a holiday and will reopen on Thursday . In Australia , shares in mining companies were hit by falling commodity prices . Oil prices continued to decline after US crude fell 2 % on growth concerns , while copper prices slipped on slowing demand . Sydney 's S & P / ASX 200 index closed 2.1 % at 4,998.10 . In South Korea , the Kospi index ended 1.9 % at 1,944.64 following the release of the data from China .", "The 40-year-old New Zealand player is forwards coach at Clermont Auvergne and he held a position at Leinster . Gibbes will work under director of rugby Les Kiss , while head coach Neil Doak 's future is . \" The respect I have for Les as a coach and person was one of my reasons for making this decision ,\" said Gibbs . Ulster are in the Pro12 table and out of the European Champions Cup in what has been a season . \" Les sold his vision of he wants to take Ulster over the years ,\" added Gibbes . \" Ulster is a team that I know , having come up against them on a number of occasions . The Clermont-Ulster games this season gave me an insight into the strengths of the squad and it 's to think that I 'll be part of that environment from season . \" Gibbes , who joined Leinster in 2008 and won three Heineken Cups during his spell in Dublin , said : \" With six years at Leinster and three at Clermont in the Top 14 , I 've been afforded experiences , working with some coaches and players . \" I hope to apply what I 've learned to the role at Ulster and my family and I are looking to integrating into a community in Belfast . \" He moved to France in 2014 and was part of a coaching set-up that guided Clermont to the Top 14 and Champions Cup finals in his debut season . \" Jono 's CV speaks for itself and I know that he 's looking to joining Ulster and working with the team ,\" said Kiss , 52 . \" Since his retirement from playing , Jono has had an role in the coaching teams of two of rugby 's sides . \" Jono 's expertise as a forwards coach is , his wealth of knowledge in areas of the game will be for us . \" \" A review of the coaching structure is ongoing of season and the appointment of Jono as head coach is the part of that process . \" A announcement will be made in the coming weeks , which will focus on getting the balance in our coaching team . \"", "Two were picked up by a coastguard helicopter on the 3,196ft ( 974 metre ) Munro . Lomond Mountain Rescue Team located two others on the slopes . Mountain weather forecasters were predicting winds of up to 80mph with snow showers at summit level in Scotland for Wednesday .", "The $ 43bn (\u00a3 33bn ) deal is set to be the takeover by a company . The deal was cleared by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) which checks deals for security implications . About a quarter of Syngenta 's sales are in North America . China National Chemical Corporation offered $ 465 per share for Syngenta in February . Syngenta 's shares fell to about 20 % below that because of concerns that CFIUS would clear the deal . , competition authorities are expected to give the deal the go-ahead . In a statement , Syngenta and ChemChina said : \" In addition to CFIUS clearance , the closing of the transaction is to review by regulators around the world and closing conditions . \" Both companies are working with the agencies involved and discussions remain . The proposed transaction is expected to close by the end of the year . \" the deal was announced this year , Syngenta chairman Michel Demar\u00e9 said that it would help the company 's pesticides and seeds business to expand in China . \" ChemChina has a vision of the industry in the future ,\" he said . \" it is in securing food supply for 1.5 billion people and as a result knows that technology can get them . \" The company owns a variety of businesses , included the tyre maker Pirelli , machinery-maker KarussMaffei and Israel 's pesticides producer . The deal would be the takeover in the chemicals industry in the year after the $ 130bn Dow Chemical-DuPont merger announced December .", "The 32-year-old had been playing in the Isthmian Premier Division with Leatherhead following his release by Newport at the end of season . Pidgeley has made 260 appearances in spells with nine clubs , including Chelsea , Watford and Millwall . Forest Green are in the National League table , one point behind leaders Cheltenham Town . Pidgeley could make his Rovers debut they host Aldershot on Friday .", "The crash , which happened at the Rising Sun in North Bradley near Trowbridge at 06:00 GMT , left a hole in the front of the building . Wiltshire Police said the driver was taken to Bath 's Royal United Hospital for treatment to his injuries , which are thought to be . Nobody was at the time of the crash , officers said . The building has been deemed to be . The road to the pub was closed for hours but has reopened .", "Davis has made 14 appearances for the Cod Army since joining on loan in October , and agreed to extend his stay until the end of the season . The 22-year-old signed for Leicester from Port Vale in 2014 , but did feature for the team . \" I 'm that it 's all been done and I can concentrate on my football ,\" he told the club website . \" I stated from the start that I 'd be in staying with the club , and I 'm over the moon to be . \" The length of Davis' deal with Fleetwood has been disclosed . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "The Scotland Under-21 international was released by Crystal Palace after he failed to make an appearance during his two years . Kettings , 23 , spent three months on loan at National League side Bromley season , playing 14 times . He is the signing since Northern Ireland assistant Stephen Robinson was appointed as manager . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "The hearing at Guantanamo Bay will focus on issues of secrecy . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is accused of masterminding the attacks while the others are implicated for providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking . In May , a hearing in the case lasted 13 hours . During that hearing , which charged the five men , the defendants made outbursts and refused to answer the judge 's questions or use the translation system . In addition to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , defendants Ramzi Binalshibh , Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi , Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali and Waleed bin Attash are being prosecuted in a tribunal for wartime offences known as a commission . They are charged with conspiring with al-Qaeda , terrorism , and one count of murder for each known victim of the 11 September attacks at the time the charges were filed - 2,976 in total . The five face a death penalty sentence if convicted . CIA waterboarding tapes revealed On Monday , the defendants listened and answered the judge 's questions , although Khalid Sheikh Mohammed said : \" I do think there 's any justice in this court . \" Defence lawyers argued during the hearing that their clients should be forced to attend the rest of the week 's hearings , because the transport from their cells may remind them of their time at CIA prisons . Before their transfer to the US base at Guantanamo Bay in 2006 , the defendants were held for years in CIA prisons . All five have said they were tortured during interrogations . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was water-boarded before being brought to Guantanamo . \" We have to talk about torture ,\" Air Force Captain Michael Schwartz , a defence lawyer , said on Monday . But Judge James Pohl said the issue was at this stage . Prosecution lawyers have said the use of waterboarding and methods could be determining whether statements were given . The court is expected to hear a defence request to abolish what they term a \" classification \" that treats any discussion of the CIA prisons as secret , as a media request to limit closing of the courtroom for sessions . Judge Pohl ruled that the defendants would be forced to attend hearings scheduled to run through the end of this week , but did rule out hearings . He said all would have to be for their trial , which is to start for than a year .", "The star is for the prize , album of the year , for her album , Lemonade , which tackles themes of race and identity . Her Formation is for song and record of the year . In all three categories , she is against Adele - who won the ceremony 's three prizes in 2012 . Beyonce has 62 Grammy nominations across her work as a solo artist and as part of Destiny 's Child , making her the artist . She has won 20 trophies , although she has to clinch the album of the year prize , having been beaten to the title by Beck in 2015 - to the disgust of Kanye West , who stormed the stage in protest . West receives eight nominations this year for his album The Life Of Pablo - all in the rap categories . Drake and Rihanna have eight nominations , including three for their hit collaboration , Work . Making Grammy history is musician Chance The Rapper , whose album Coloring Book is the record to be recognised by the Recording Academy . He achieves seven nominations , including artist , without releasing a album or download . Beyonce and Adele go head to head with Justin Bieber , Drake and country star Sturgill Simpson in the album category . If Adele wins , she will become the woman to receive the album prize , after Taylor Swift . from the shortlist is David Bowie , who was tipped to win for his Blackstar album . The record does make an appearance in the album category , as does Radiohead 's A Moon Shaped Pool . Coldplay have fared , receiving one nomination - music video - despite selling millions of copies of their album , A Head Full Of Dreams . Prince receives a nomination for his album , Hit N Run Phase Two , in the engineered , category , Blackstar makes the shortlist . star James Corden will host the 2017 Grammy Awards , which take place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on Sunday , 12 February . Album Of The Year Record Of The Year Song Of The Year Artist album pop album rap album Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "David Cameron said a stadium would \" inspire people , brings jobs and wealth \" to the county . Labour said it was a \" \" attempt to distract voters , the Liberal Democrats questioned the funds would come from , and Mebyon Kernow said it did believe the Tory 's promise . planning rows have left the future of the stadium in question . In March , Cornwall councillors deferred a decision to grant permission to build a supermarket that would have paid for the facility , which supporters claimed had put the plans in jeopardy . Revised proposals for the stadium at West Langarth are expected to be submitted to the council in May . Mr Cameron said he planned to get the Department of Culture , Media and Sport to work with Sport England , Cornwall Council and sports teams to find a way to get it built . \" The stadium proposal is an one . If it takes some money I 'd make that money ,\" he added . , Stuart Roden , Labour candidate for Truro and Falmouth , said : \" This announcement today is a promise and will come to nothing . \" It is smoke and mirrors and people wo be taken for fools by this distraction . \" Simon Rix , who is standing for the Lib Dems in the constituency , told BBC News : \" I 'm in favour of a stadium in the place if we can get the money . \" But it 's like the promises on the NHS , they 're saying the money 's going to come from . \" Stephen Richardson , who is standing for Mebyon Kernow in Truro and Falmouth , said : \" You have to excuse me if I do believe a syllable of any David Cameron promise during the election campaign . \" Click for information on the constituency and a list of candidates .", "Rooney , 28 , is considering an offer that would make him the paid player in United 's history . The England striker is in the 18 months of his \u00a3 250,000-a-week contract and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho remains in signing him . United and Rooney hope to conclude contract talks in the coming week . Rooney , who joined United from Everton in August 2004 , is the goalscorer in United history . , according to United manager Sir Alex Ferguson , Rooney asked for a transfer towards the end of season . He was linked with a move to Chelsea summer and the Blues had a bid rejected by United . Rooney scored 11 goals in 24 games for United this season before being sidelined by an injury which has kept him out since 1 January .", "The 25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U 's season , but has played a game this term . The Stags say the deal contains an option to agree a move . \" This is a man who I tried to sign he was scoring goals in the Scottish Premier League for Dundee ,\" manager Steve Evans told the club website . Media playback is supported on this device Find all the football transfers on our page .", "The aircraft , nicknamed \" Bette \" after one of its pilot 's girlfriends , was built in 1941 from donations from the Borough of Lambeth Spitfire Fund . It was stationed in Cornwall , Hampshire , Norfolk and Shropshire during the war but crashed in 1944 . Bidding stalled below its \u00c2 \u00a3 120,000 to \u00c2 \u00a3 150,000 valuation . The aircraft saw service with four RAF squadrons between 1941 and 1944 and was flown by author Alec Lumsden , who gave it the name Bette and added a character from the Daily Mirror cartoon strip ' Jake ' to the paint work . After it crashed in Shropshire in September 1944 , killing its pilot , its wreckage was taken to Ibsley museum , Ringwood , Hampshire and displayed . The aircraft was passed to a collector who showed it at events . It has been immortalised by modelmakers Airfix and Revell . John Tomlin , from Historics at Brooklands , said : \" The side of war birds is an market . There are 42 flying Spitfires and this seems to be increasing year . \" The rarity , the history and the provenance of all these aircraft make them items and they 're investments that can be used and enjoyed by a lot of people . \" Experts believe it would cost \u00c2 \u00a3 1.8m to restore the plane .", "The boar - which has a moving head - is one of a number of replica creatures at Mountfitchet Castle . Staff at the site , an air museum , were to find two nests had been created to the arc of its belly . Owner Jeremy Goldsmith said seeing the hatched chicks on Thursday morning had been a \" surprise \" for staff . He said it remained the hens had made the nests next to the boar , though it was they chose it because it was a spot with straw , and for a sense of protection from the replica animal The chicks have been seen playing on top of the boar 's back and head .", "While it limits recruitment from outside the EU , it has \" stimulated recruitment \" from EU countries , the home affairs select committee said . migration rose by 30 % in the year to June , to 336,000 - than three times David Cameron 's intended target . The PM has said he will abandon his aim to reduce the figure to 100,000 . Under the immigration cap , introduced in 2011 , the number of \" tier 2 \" visas issued to skilled workers from non-EU countries is limited to 20,700 a year . But a report by the select committee concluded the limit had been \" \" . It added that \" a number \" of applications from nurses with job offers in the UK were being rejected because of limits on the number of visas issued each month . Committee chairman Keith Vaz said the government 's immigration cap was having \" no effect \" on bringing down migration - the difference between those coming into the country and those going out each year - but \" could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter \" . He said : \" the cap was reached this year , we saw the effects of the system , as the cap prioritises jobs . \" In June , nurses were being prevented from working in the UK , which necessitated the government taking emergency measures to allow recruitment to continue . \" Whilst this was a move , it is to see that the system could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter . \" A system which encourages adjustments to be is for purpose . Nurses should remain on the shortage occupation list . \" A total of 641,000 people moved to the UK in 2014 , the Office for National Statistics said .", "The breakdown service , which reported a rise in memberships of 0.4 % to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of January , said it had absorbed the price rise . Insurance premium tax ( IPT ) was 6 % in 2015 , but is going to 12 % from June . The AA said it would look at its fees if the tax increased . \" We have managed to protect our members ,\" the AA explained . \" But this is an challenge and we will need to review our pricing policy in the context of any increase in IPT . \" The increase in memberships - an \" milestone \" , according to the company - halted a drop in figures . It came after the AA signed up members , with a 19 % rise in business , and kept existing customers , with its retention rate improving to 82 % . It added that there was a 5 % rise in the number of breakdown call-outs in the 12 months to the end of January , reversing a trend of decline , which it described as \" for costs in the term \" . , the company explained that this did increase the chances of people renewing their membership . The AA has been investing in technology , with than a fifth of its members ( 22 %) using its app in breakdowns , while its underwriter recorded 115,000 car insurance policies in its year , than expected .", "Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury . In the UK , an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the Sunday after the Saturday in April . , this has been activated and Easter has remained , determined by the moon 's cycle . Easter is the festival , as it celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ following his death by crucifixion on Good Friday . The archbishop said he was in talks with Pope Francis , leader Pope Tawadros , and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew . Mr Welby said he hoped the change would happen \" in between five and 10 years time \" . \" I would love to see it before I retired \" , he said , although he warned the attempt to make such a change was in the Century . An source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a date since . Easter is on the Sunday after the moon following the spring equinox , meaning it can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April . But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar , has Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity . In 1990 , the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date , which was to agreement with churches and governments . It has been reached .", "The anti-IS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently said a water pumping station had been hit , along with the Taj Hall and Furousiya area . news agency Amaq said Raqqa 's water supply had been cut . Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot , a chemical weapons factory and a training camp . A defence ministry statement said the strikes had inflicted \" damage \" and that a number of militants had been killed . Raqqa is Being Slaughtered ( RBSS ) , whose activists have reported on developments on the ground in Raqqa since IS militants seized control of the city in 2014 , said the water pumping station hit in Thursday 's strikes was located in the village of Kasrat . Residents found their water had been cut off \" \" , it added . Amaq reported the \" interruption of the water supply in all neighbourhoods \" . RBSS said 20 civilians had been killed and 50 others wounded in the air strikes , but the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll . It said 24 civilians had died , along with six others whose identities could be confirmed . Raqqa , estimated to have a population of between 250,000 and 500,000 , has become the de facto capital of the \" caliphate \" whose creation was proclaimed by IS two years after it took control of swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq . IS militants are under pressure from two offensives and of Raqqa by government forces and an alliance of and fighters supported by the US .", "The 22-year-old has appeared for Shrewsbury this season , but has played for Mansfield Town and four times for Wrexham while on loan . Bolton youth product Caton has played for Blackpool and has loan spells with Accrington and Chester before joining Shrewsbury in 2014 . Caton follows Jamie McCombe , 33 , in signing for the National League side . The centre-back , who played 101 games for the club during his spell , has left Stevenage and signed a contract until the end of the 2016-17 season .", "Kirklees Council had been consulting on plans to replace paid staff at seven sites in Huddersfield with volunteers . Protesters who gathered outside a council meeting on Wednesday said a survey had showed 66 % of people were opposed to the plan . The council said there would be no changes for three years . Campaigners said the decision was \" \" . The changes would have affected libraries at Honley , Golcar , Slaithwaite , Lepton , Kirkheaton , Denby Dale and Shepley . Campaigner June Jones said replacing library staff with volunteers was and was to have led to library closures . Ms Jones , of Save Slaithwaite Library , said : \" It 's for our communities and we are going to be drinking champagne for the week . \"", "sales were by 4.9 % during the quarter compared with a year , in part due to the continued success of meal deals . The company said it would continue to benefit from \" cost pressures and a consumer environment \" . But it warned that wage pressures could drive costs up year . executive Roger Whiteside told the BBC that the chain paid staff than the minimum wage , but that rising labour costs would lead to \" term pressure \" . He said the business would \" look for cost efficiencies to offset \" any rising costs , but added that labour costs \" held no fear for us \" . Shares in Greggs opened and continued to climb in afternoon trading . \" The times continue to roll for Greggs , with the bakery chain posting an quarter performance , following on from a 51.3 % increase in half pre-tax profits ,\" said George Scott at retail analyst Conlumino . The chain said meal deals , customers can buy a drink with food at a discount , were proving , at breakfast time . Greggs has refitted 158 stores this year , while opening 65 and closing 47 . The company has 1,668 outlets . \" We have the High Street covered ,\" Mr Whiteside said , so openings would be in areas , as motorway services and garage forecourts .", "Jung won aboard Sam , who was a replacement Fischertakinou contracted an infection in July . France 's Astier Nicolas took silver and American Phillip Dutton won bronze as GB 's William Fox-Pitt finished . Fox-Pitt , 47 , was competing 10 months after being placed in an induced coma following a fall . The Olympic medallist , aboard Chilli Morning , produced a performance in Tuesday 's show-jumping phase . But the world number one 's medal bid had been ruined by a performance in the phase on Monday . He led after the dressage phase , but dropped to 21st after incurring time penalties in the cross country . Ireland 's Jonty Evans finished on Cooley Rorkes Drift . come , meet and ride Henry the horse at some of the Official Team GB fan parks during the Rio Olympics ? Find out to get into equestrian with our guide . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "A stake in a energy business could cost from \u00c2 \u00a3 5 , and the industry says it could generate an return of between 6 % and 9 % . The scheme aims to reduce opposition to energy development . It has been developed by the industry alongside community groups . The Shared Ownership Taskforce plan follows programmes in Denmark which have been running for than two decades . It applies to anything entering the planning system from Monday . than 70 % of people in the UK say they like wind farms , according to a government survey . , proximity provokes a response and the wind farms are considered a blot on the landscape . The government insisted that wind farm developers should give communities \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 a year for every megawatt of energy installed - to support initiatives . The taskforce goes by insisting that any applications entering the planning system must offer to sell part of their business to locals - between 5 and 25 % . This can be in the form of shares , crowd-funding or debentures . Nina Skorupska , Chief Executive , Renewable Energy Association welcomes the plan . She told BBC News : \" in Europe this is , so we 're the UK is working towards this vision of a energy market . \" The scheme has been promoted by the Energy and Climate Change Secretary , Edward Davey . He said : \" Community energy is revolutionising energy development in the UK , and shared ownership will offer people the opportunity to buy in to the energy that their communities are producing . \" The Vice-Chair of the Taskforce and an associate of Co-operatives UK , Rebecca Willis , said : \" We know from our experience at grass roots level that there 's a appetite among communities to invest in energy . \" There are , , to be areas people will prefer to keep their view than to cash in a dividend cheque . groups facing gas developments in their area may regard the renewables scheme with interest . Follow Roger Harrabin on Twitter @ rharrabin", "The injured pets needed amputations following air rifle attacks in Cranleigh , Guildford and Woking in March and April . Police said Franky Mills , of Long Gore in Farncombe , faces eight charges of damage and eight of a firearms offence . A cat called Ruby was shot in the spine and put down by vets . Another cat in Cranleigh survived but lost her eye . Police said Mr Mills had been released on bail and is to appear before Guildford magistrates on 9 August .", "Oneil Din , 27 , from Coventry , got caught in a rip current and died at Crantock beach , Cornwall on 15 August . Crantock Parish Council told the duchy in April it was \" about the safety risks to the public \" . The duchy said warning signs were put up in 2016 and it planned to \" see what can be done \" . on this story , and Devon and Cornwall news The duchy was involved in a series of meetings and concluded there was no \" solution \" as the area had protected status , and that re-engineering the course of a river was a and process with no guarantees of success . The council said the beach had become since a breakwater was damaged by storms in 2015 , causing the River Gannel to change course . this month 11 bodyboarders had to be rescued at the beach . The council said : \" Since the river diverted , movements of sand have occurred that have made bathing conditions at states of tide and sea condition \" . The council met the , the National Trust and the Marine Management Organisation on 27 January to discuss the issue but no repairs were authorised . It wrote a letter to the duchy in April saying it remained \" about the safety risks to the public at on a beach , in the summer , and the possibility of an , and , situation occurring \" . RNLI lifeguard supervisor John Steadman said after the death : \" Crantock beach has some currents at the moment due to the topography of the beach changing . \" The duchy , which has land in 23 counties and funds the activities of the Prince of Wales , expressed its condolences and said in a statement : \" In 2016 signs were installed to alert people to the danger of currents and risks . \" We plan to meet with the parish council , National Trust and stakeholders to see what can be done . \" The National Trust , which has responsibility for the beach above the water mark , said it had categorised Crantock as a \" risk \" beach , \" on account of the river running across the beach and the resulting rip current \" . At tide the sea covers Crantock beach , leaving sand dunes and a car park at the top of the beach .", "The US economy grew at an rate of 0.2 % in the three months of the year , than forecasts . The Federal Reserve kept interest rates at a record low , blaming the growth on \" factors \" . Japan 's Nikkei 225 was 2.7 % to 19,520.21 , its loss in four months . The market extended losses after Bank of Japan left its policy , while company earnings had their impact on the index . Shares in Honda fell 6.7 % after it announced a fall in profit for the year to March , as it deals with recalls following exploding air-bags . Drug maker Takeda shares fell 3 % after it warned it would make a loss because of a $ 2.4bn US settlement linked to its Actos diabetes drug . shares headed with Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index falling 0.9 % to 28,157.71 , while the Shanghai Composite was 0.6 % at 4,449.17 . Shares of AAC Technologies in Hong Kong fell 5.2 % after a report in the Wall Street Journal that the Apple Watch had component , which was supplied by the company . In Australia , the S & P / ASX 200 ended 0.8 % at 5,790 . South Korea 's Kospi index closed 0.7 % at 2,127.17 - marking its day of losses . Government data showed that the country 's output fell by a adjusted 0.4 % in March from February - missing market expectations .", "A draw was after 86.2 overs were on the four days after rain in Sydney . The West Indies , who resumed on 248-7 , were 330 before Warner hit an century , the at Sydney , as Australia reached 176-2 . Australia were in the series , but the draw stops them from moving top of the Test rankings . The two hours of the day were lost to rain but Denesh Ramdin was to complete his century of the match before he was caught by Steve Smith off Steve O'Keefe . off-spinner Nathan Lyon had Kemar Roach ( 15 ) caught at leg by Joe Burns to leave the tourists 300-9 . Lyon than snaffled a catch at point as O'Keefe removed Jerome Taylor for 13 to finish with a Test best 3-63 . In reply , Warner brought up his century in 42 balls with a six off Jomel Warrican but the West Indies spinner did remove Burns , who lofted a catch to Roach at mid-on to depart for 26 . Mitchell Marsh ( 21 ) top-edged a sweep to Jermaine Blackwood at slip to gift Warrican ( 2-62 ) a wicket . By Warner had completed his Test century but both sides elected to end the game as a draw through the session .", "than 30,000 people in the city of Halle have been told to leave their homes after rivers reached their level in 400 years . Floodwater is threatening parts of Austria and the Czech Republic . At 13 people have died and two are missing as a result of the floods . Rising waters have been triggered by rain following a spring . Eight deaths were recorded in the Czech Republic and three in Germany , while two people were reported and two in Austria , according to a European Commission update on Tuesday evening . Parts of Germany have seen flooding in centuries . , in the Czech Republic , the water level has stabilised in the capital Prague , there had been fears of a repeat of disasters in 2002 and 1997 . Helicopters started removing residents from their homes in Deggendorf on Wednesday after two levees along the Danube and Isar rivers broke . Firefighter Alois Schraufstetter said the floodwater in the town was 3m ( 9.8ft ) . \" This is a situation ,\" he was quoted as saying by Germany 's DPA news agency . Four farmers were rescued at the minute by a helicopter before their tractor was submerged , he added . newspapers said water levels in the city of Halle were at their for four centuries . Officials said the city was in danger after floodwaters from the Saale river damaged a section of dykes . The level of the River Elbe in the city of Dresden , 600 people were evacuated , is expected to peak until Thursday morning . Coaches ferried people out the town of Muhlberg , 40km ( 25 miles ) of Dresden , as thousands were told to leave on Wednesday afternoon . Chemical plants to the rivers have been shut down and their chemicals removed over safety concerns , the Associated Press reports . , the floods were receding in the city of Passau . People could be seen sweeping up muck from their streets . In the city of Krems , emergency workers have been shoring up a dyke under threat from the Danube . Thousands of people left their homes in the Czech Republic in days as floodwater threatened to overwhelm flood barriers . In the low-lying city of Usti nad Labem , the River Elbe spilled over the ( 33ft-high ) metal flood barriers . The rail link connecting Prague and Berlin in Germany have been , with trains being diverted . barriers have gone to protect the capital 's zoo after it was hit , causing animals to be evacuated .", "The incident took place to Caernarfon 's Crown Court and fire station before 09:00 BST on Thursday . The mother-of-five was airlifted to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent . North Wales Police has said her partner has been arrested . \" This is being treated as a crime but I would like to reassure the community that a arrest was made ,\" said Det Chf Insp Iestyn Davies . The Welsh Ambulance Service said they were called at 09:00 BST to reports that a woman had been assaulted . Police said the victim remains in a but condition . investigations are being carried out at the location , which links estates to a and school .", "Police were called to Oxlow Lane , Dagenham , at 23:00 BST on Saturday after reports of a street fight . Officers recovered three knives , scissors and cannabis from the \" and \" crowd , they said . Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one on suspicion of possessing an weapon and the on suspicion of an assault on police . Scotland Yard said no one had been injured at the event . Insp Jason O'Donohue said : \" By getting these knives off the street they did , my officers have helped save lives and prevented another tragedy . \"", "Andrew Haldane said in a speech he was over the UK economy because of growth , wage growth and and risks . \" Put in English , I am ,\" Mr Haldane said . \" This implies interest rates could remain for , than I had expected three months . \" markets have tumbled this week , with investors disconcerted at the lack of growth in Europe and Greece , the impact of Ebola , and worrying data from China and the US . , UK interest rates had been expected to rise year . Mr Haldane made his remarks at a speech to business leaders in Kenilworth , he described the UK 's economy as \" writhing in both agony and ecstasy \" . He said there were plenty of reasons to be . Growth is set to be the of any economy this year and inflation and borrowing costs are , he said . , he said the \" reasons to be \" included productivity and wages , which had risen . \" If there is uncertainty about the path of the economy , the policy response may be to avoid the outcomes ,\" said Mr Haldane . Sterling dropped 0.5 % against the dollar following his remarks . Share trading on the London market has been . Mr Haldane 's caution about prospects were echoed by the Chancellor , George Osborne , who told the BBC that the economy was \" than it has been for some time \" . Mr Osborne would comment on Mr Haldane 's remarks . But he said there were \" a lot of risks at the moment \" affecting the economy . \" Interest rates are a matter for the Bank of England , the policy committee ,\" Mr Osborne said . He added : \" I 'll say this about the economy - there are a lot of risks at the moment - we see these problems in the economy , we 've got this disease Ebola in West Africa , all the problems in the Middle East and in the border . \" The economy is than it has been for some time . That is all the reason in the UK we have to stick to the stability we have won . \" He said it was to \" make Britain is protected as we 're in these waters \" . this month , Mr Osborne warned that the eurozone slowdown will impact UK economy .", "The firm , known as Foxconn Technology , posted a profit of NT $ 37bn ($ 1.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 814m ) in the October to December quarter . It reported a 16 % jump in year profit for 2012 to NT $ 94.8bn . Foxconn is the world 's contract electronics maker and Apple is one of its clients . According to some estimates , orders from Apple account for half of Foxconn 's revenue . In the October to December quarter , Apple had sold 47.8 million iPhones , from 37 million a year . , the launch of iPad mini , boosted sales of its tablet PCs - it sold 22.9 million iPads , compared with 15.4 million in the period in 2011 . , the reliance on Apple has raised concerns that Foxconn 's growth may slow in the coming months . Some analysts said the rate of growth that smartphones and tablet PCs had seen in years could be sustained . \" In of the developed economies , smartphones are at a penetration stage and tablets are to being at that stage ,\" said Andrew Milroy of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan . Mr Milroy added that Apple had been to replicate the success it enjoyed in the developed economies in emerging markets . He explained that in the emerging economies , Apple products were and out of reach for consumers . At the time , Apple is facing increased competition from smartphone makers in those markets . \" They are being hammered by smartphones in countries as China ,\" he said . The fear is that if Apple 's growth rate slows , it will have a knock on effect on suppliers as Foxconn .", "Elgan Varney , 33 , was accused of raping Hannah Stubbs , who was a student at Keele University , in Staffordshire . The 22-year-old killed herself at her Stafford home in August 2015 . Judge John Fletcher cleared Mr Varney , of Newcastle-under-Lyme , of two counts of rape and one of assault after the CPS offered no evidence against him . See stories from across Stoke and Staffordshire During the hearing at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court , prosecutor Karim Khalil QC said the decision to continue the prosecution had been taken at the \" level \" of the CPS . The CPS said the case had been kept under review and prosecutors were there was a prospect of conviction . Defence counsel Ann Cotcher QC told the court Mr Varney had been \" removed from his attempts at education \" at Keele because of the proceedings against him . \" This is an allegation that goes to 2014 ,\" Ms Cotcher told the hearing . \" The defendant was interviewed , as was the complainant , in March 2015 , two years . \" Following the hearing , Mr Varney offered his condolences to the family of Ms Stubbs . In a statement read out by his solicitor , Hollie Alcock , Mr Varney said : \" This is a time of celebration for me - , I should have been charged and put through this ordeal . \" He called for a change in the law to provide anonymity to those charged with but convicted of offences . In a statement , Ms Stubbs' parents , Paul and Mandy Stubbs , said : \" We do want what happened to Hannah to define her life or our memory of the kind and loving person that she was . \" An inquest recorded a narrative verdict that she had taken her life following stress . A spokesman for the university said : \" Based on today 's outcome , we will be in conversation with Mr Varney over the coming weeks . \" As is practice , any discussion will be between the university and the student . \"", "chemical firm Sekisui Alveo said production at its Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will end by March 2018 . The plant will be decommissioned in four stages over the three years , the company said . It is part of a move to relocate production to Roermond in the Netherlands , it added . Alan Gunter , manufacturing director at the Merthyr Tydfil site , said the decision to decommission the plant had \" been taken \" . \" I am of our workforce and I would like to thank them all for their commitment and dedication ,\" he said . \" We are that this is a time for employees at the Merthyr Tydfil production plant and we will do everything to support them and their families during and after the plant 's staged decommissioning . \" We will continue to collaborate with the authorities in the coming months . \"", "The ruler 's court has been associated with locations throughout Wales , including Carmarthen , St David 's , and Cardigan . a retired Bangor University professor has revealed what he believes to be the location of Camelot . And it turns out to be a fort at Slack , on the outskirts of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire . Prof Peter Field , a expert in literature , said : \" It was by chance . I was looking at some maps , and all the ducks lined up . \" I believe I may have solved a mystery . \" guesses for the location of the round table include Caerleon in Newport , Somerset 's Cadbury Castle , and Tintagel in Cornwall . In Roman times , Slack was home to a fort called Camulodunum , which means \" the fort of the god Camul \" . Over the years , processes would have reduced Camulodunum to Camelot . Though and today , and though it was abandoned and dilapidated by the time of King Arthur around A.D . 500 , Prof Field argues that this site at Slack would have been considered a stronghold . At that time , Britons , who could have been led by King Arthur , held the north and the coast against the invading Anglo-Saxons . Slack , on the road from Chester to York , would have been the location from which to defend the coast . Prof Field added : \" If there was a King Arthur , he will have lived around AD500 , although the mention of him in Camelot is in a poem from the Champagne region of France from 1180 . \" There is no mention of Camelot in the period between those dates , known as the Dark Ages , the country was at war , and was recorded . \" In this gap , people passed on information , got lost in transmission , and people may have made up facts or messed up known information . \" Prof Field , who taught at Bangor from 1964 to 2004 , has been researching the location of Camelot for the 18 months . He spoke about his findings during the launch of Bangor University 's Stephen Colclough centre for the history and culture of the book .", "Vardy , 29 , has scored for the champions since 10 September - a run of 14 games - but netted in England 's 2-2 friendly draw with Spain week . His form is in contrast to a year , he scored for a record Premier League game in a row . \" He has restarted and is to scoring ,\" said Ranieri . \" He has started to score in training , and that is news because , in the training , he did score . \" Vardy has scored in the league this season compared with 13 at the stage in 2015-16 . He finished season with 28 goals in 48 appearances for club and country . Since his club goal , the Foxes have slipped to in the table with two wins in nine matches . Ranieri believes Vardy and team-mate Riyad Mahrez boast the \" \" factor that worked in their favour season . The Italian said : \" That is the problem . Jamie is , the season . You do see him or . \" But or Vardy will come . I speak every day with him . He is , in his job , to work for the team . \" Leicester , who have qualified from their Champions League group with a game to spare , host Middlesbrough in the Premier League on Saturday ( 15:00 GMT ) .", "Police were called to Jackson Road in Clacton at 21:10 BST on Tuesday . The officer was hurt and remains in hospital and a colleague who tried to intervene received a leg injury , Essex Police said . A woman from Clacton and a man aged 21 were arrested and have been released under investigation . Police are appealing for witnesses . news from Essex The \" disturbance between a group of adults and youngsters \" began in Jackson Road and moved to the corner of West Avenue and Agate Road , the force said .", "Some residents of James Turner Street in Birmingham complained that they had been misled before appearing on the programme . Producers of the reality television show have denied that . , one charity which accused the makers of misrepresenting residents has offered a solution : a kit against advances . Oasis , a community and education charity , runs the school in Birmingham Benefits Street was filmed . Reverend Steve Chalke , who founded Oasis , said that communities have approached them asking for advice on what to do if they get attention from reality TV producers . He said : \" We ca defend every community in the country . \" , we believe that the self-defence kit will give people the chance to benefit from what we 've learnt . \" The kit , which is on its website , contains advice on to discourage television producers . It has what it calls a \" decoder \" to translate what a producer might mean if they describe the programme they want to make . Despite than 900 complaints , watchdog Ofcom ruled that Channel 4 did breach the broadcasting code . A series is thought to be under way in Teesside . A Channel 4 spokesperson said : \" We are and with residents in the briefings that are given pre-filming and operate duty of care protocols for contributors which were praised by the regulator Ofcom as ' demonstrating practice ' . \" Filming of the series began in Stockton-On-Tees , months after transmission of the and the media reaction , so residents were with the nature and profile of the programme . \" The majority of them have been to co-operate and support filming , in the face of pressure put on them by vested interests outside of the street . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The package on offer from the government includes a pay rise and a reduction in the retirement age . The deal will be put to a ballot of the union 's membership . Up to 10,000 prison officers in England and Wales protested month over claims of a \" surge \" in jail violence . They stopped work over claims of a \" surge in violence \" in jails but returned to work after a High Court injunction ordered them to end their protest . Under the agreement , prison officers will be allowed to retire at 65 - up to three years of the state pension age - at no cost to them and with pension benefits . staff will be given pay rises of between 0.5 % and 1 % for each of the three years , on top of pay increases . They stand to receive a \" recognition and retention \" package totalling \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 . Prisons minister Sam Gyimah , said the government and POA had \" agreed a number of health and safety reforms as powers for governors in terms of they deploy their staff in prisons \" . The POA directed members to take action month after talks with the government over health and safety concerns broke down . It came after incidents at prisons across England . In October , Jamal Mahmoud , an inmate at HMP Pentonville , died after being stabbed to death in an attack at the prison , which left two others injured . And month prisoners caused \u00c2 \u00a3 1m of damage during a riot at Bedford prison . Days at HMP Isle of Wight , an inmate cut a prison officer 's throat with a razor blade on the way to his cell . In an effort to tackle safety issues Justice Secretary Liz Truss unveiled proposals detailing \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn investment in prisons over the five years , including plans for 2,100 prison officers , drug tests for inmates on entry and exit from prisons , and autonomy for governors . In response to the pay deal she said : \" This agreement is a offer which recognises the work and dedication of officers across the country doing a job . \"", "Alan Wright and his wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden in Cranbrook in September 2015 . He said a man they spoke to took their photo in the gardens . Mrs Wright , from Kent , died three months . A tweet by the National Trust , which runs the site , has been shared than 600 times . A trust spokesman said it was a \" story \" . He added : \" With luck the [ person ] who took the photograph at Sissinghurst Castle Garden will see Alan 's letter and come . \" Mr Wright wrote to the trust 's magazine for help in tracking down the mystery photographer . He wrote : \" I have realised this would have been the photo taken of her . I would love to obtain a copy . \"", "It says \" lightening and hygiene creams ... that de-pigment the skin ... are forbidden \" . Whitening creams have been for years among women - and some men - across Africa , who believe they make them . But experts say they may cause cancer , diabetes , skin conditions and diseases . \" The number of people with side-effects caused by these medicines is ,\" Christian Doudouko , a member of Ivory Coast 's pharmaceutical authority , was quoted as saying by the AFP news agency . news updates Africa : is consultant dermatologist Justine Kluk told the BBC the concern was over products , which may contain ingredients as mercury or amounts of steroids . \" If one thinks about steroids being in these products , they 're in quantities than we would prescribe ,\" she said . She said the creams can cause a variety of health issues , as \" acne , thinning of the skin , glaucoma or cataracts if applied near the eyes \" . \" Or if applied to the body , [ they can ] cause blood pressure , diabetes , osteoporosis , weight gain , mood disturbance due to absorption of amounts of steroids ,\" she said . , analysts say the ban may stop people buying the products . They are used in The Gambia despite a ban . South Africa has the world 's laws against skin lighteners , having prohibited the ingredient - hydroquinone , but a University of Cape Town study found that than a third of women buy them . The use of whitening creams in Africa is in Nigeria - than 75 % of women buy them , according to a 2008 UN Environment Programme study .", "Lib Dem Lord Oates accused Labour of being to \" concede everything \" , and the opposition 's leader in the Lords , Baroness Smith , responded that his party was giving people \" hope \" . The two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the government concerning the rights of EU citizens and approval for a Brexit deal . But that co-operation went out the window MPs rejected those amendments - with Lib Dems to insist on them and Labour prepared to defer to the Commons . A Labour source in the Lords told the BBC it was \" grandstanding \" by the Lib Dems , and geared towards content for their campaign leaflets . \" It 's to build up hope with people about their future in Britain , you know that MPs were to dig in behind the government ,\" the source said . For their part , the Lib Dems' Europe spokesperson Baroness Ludford accused Labour of \" waving through the government 's plans \" and \" lining up with the Conservatives as they drive with a Brexit \" . It 's on Brexit that the two opposition parties have a track record of forming alliances - they have trooped through the lobbies to impose government defeats on bills dealing with issues from education to housing . Baroness Ludford seemed about their chances of coming , saying : \" The Liberal Democrats will continue to work with peers from across the House to fight for the issues we agree on . \" But the Labour source predicted \" tensions \" , adding : \" I ca imagine there 'll be demand to organise a ' consensus summer gathering . \" Our leaderships will of course continue to keep things . \"", "A 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes . Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning revealed the figures after a written question by Lib Dem leader Tim Farron . He said they were an estimate because strike sites cannot be visited and assessed by the UK . Mr Farron had asked the Ministry of Defence militants from the group had been killed by forces in Iraq from 2 December 2015 to 2 December 2016 . Mr Penning replied : \" During the period in question it is assessed that there were a total of 111 enemy wounded in action and a total of 1,306 enemy killed in action as a result of UK air strikes . \" The UK cannot visit strike sites and conduct investigations on the ground in Iraq . the number of combatants killed and / or wounded is an figure . \" The UK parliament backed participation in air strikes against IS in Iraq in September 2014 . over a year in 2015 , MPs authorised air strikes against IS in Syria . The UK has conducted than 1,200 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria since it became involved - than any coalition country bar the United States . BBC analysis has shown that in 2017 , UK forces dropped bombs in Iraq and Syria on 69 of the 99 days of the year . RAF Typhoons and Reaper drones have been supporting and forces trying to liberate Mosul , Iraq , in months .", "Using a pseudonym of His Royal Gingerness ( HRG ) , the hacker told the BBC he wanted to highlight the website 's \" vulnerability \" . It took him a minutes to hack into the site , he said . Norwich International Airport director Richard Pace condemned the hacking as a crime that police were investigating . HRG pointed out that while he made his attack to see if he could gain access , a intruder could have done damage . He claimed he knew of someone who had planned to plant a bomb hoax in the system over Christmas , but said he was to prevent that from happening . While Mr Pace said the information website was linked to the airport 's operations system , he acknowledged that removing it was a inconvenience to passengers . He admitted hackers could have planted a bomb hoax on the site . The airport 's operations director promised a replacement site - with protocols and systems - would be within weeks . In the meantime , passengers can get information by calling 01603 411923 . HRG , who asked to be identified because he fears prosecution , said he hacked the site \" to see if I could \" . \" I found I could do it and contacted the airport to let them know ,\" he said . \" It took me between two to three minutes to do this . I do this to see what vulnerability there are in systems . \"", "Lancashire County Council has earmarked land on the Glenburn Sports College and Skelmersdale College . The sports college closed in August , while Skelmersdale College 's Westbank campus , owned by Newcastle College , is . The decision follows a study by Network Rail of both sites and one near the Concourse shopping centre . Skelmersdale 's railway station closed to passengers in 1956 . The council - which owns Glenburn Sports College - said Skelmersdale could get two trains to Liverpool per hour under the plans it has made in partnership with Merseytravel and West Lancashire Borough Council . County councillor John Fillis , cabinet member for highways and transport , said it was an \" step \" . He said the preferred location was to allow for the possibility of expansion . He added : \" It has highway access and connectivity to the town and the surrounding area . \" The authority confirmed it will start the process of acquiring the land . Skelmersdale was designated a town on 9 October 1961. . It is one of the towns in the north of England to have its railway station .", "Frenchman Christophe Borgye 's remains were found at a property in Ellesmere Port , Merseyside , in 2013 - four years after he was reported missing . Manuel Wagner , 29 , has been found of murder and sentenced to a jail term of 16 years following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court . Two men were convicted in 2014 . Mr Borgye , 36 , was killed in May 2009 and buried in the outbuilding of the house he shared with national Wagner and Frenchmen Sebastian Bendou and Dominik Kocher . Bendou contacted Cheshire Police in May 2013 and led officers to Mr Borgye 's body , which was wrapped in tarpaulin and encased in concrete . Officers said a brick wall had been built inside the outhouse with three layers of concrete placed over the body . A post-mortem examination found My Borgye died from hammer blows to the head . He had been reported missing by a work colleague , but after launching an investigation police said they believed he had left the country . Det Sgt Steve Currie said the case had been \" \" and \" \" for Mr Borgye 's family , but added \" the jigsaw piece in this shocking crime is in place \" . Wagner was found of assisting an offender and preventing a burial . , was re-arrested in 2015 evidence came to light . Bendou , 39 , and Kocher , 38 , were given life sentences for murder with terms of 14 and 23 years in 2014 .", "The accident happened on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn at 17:00 on Monday . Police said a woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a \" leg injury \" . Her injury is thought to be . Four people who suffered injuries were taken to hospital but were released . The lane of the road was closed following the accident causing tailbacks . It was re-opened at 18:45 .", "Mr Dewani , 34 , left Gatwick Airport through a side entrance that was guarded by police before being driven before 07:00 GMT . He is believed to have flown from Dubai than taking a flight from Cape Town to the UK . He was extradited in April for the trial , which was thrown out on Monday . Judge Jeanette Traverso cleared Mr Dewani after ruling the prosecution case that the care home boss from Bristol had arranged the death of his wife Anni was flawed . Armed police officers were on guard at the airport preventing reporters from approaching the exit used by Mr Dewani . He is believed to have flown into the UK on an Emirates flight that landed before 06:30 . Judge Traverso dismissed the case against Mr Dewani at the Western Cape High Court , describing evidence from a prosecution witness as \" riddled with contradictions \" . Mr Dewani had denied plotting to arrange the shooting of his bride in the back of their taxi while on honeymoon in November four years . His wife 's family , from Sweden , are considering whether to launch a action against her husband in the UK . They said the decision left questions as it meant Mr Dewani , who led a life visiting prostitutes in the months before he married , would have to give evidence or face cross-examination . Her uncle , Ashok Hindocha , said they would make a decision on action after the Christmas holiday . Judge Traverso ruled it was for Mr Dewani to give evidence , saying a defendant was entitled to be discharged if there was no possibility of conviction unless he entered the witness box and incriminated himself . She said claims by the prosecution witness , cab driver Zola Tongo , about the murder were \" \" and the evidence from the prosecution was \" below \" the required threshold . Three men - Tongo , Mziwamadoda Qwabe and gunman Xolile Mngeni - have been convicted for their part in the murder , which happened during a tour of a township their car was hijacked . Monde Mbolombo , a \" man \" who set up the murder , may face justice having been granted immunity by the state . The prosecution claimed Mr Dewani wanted to get out of his relationship with Anni , 28 , and arranged a car-jacking in which she would be killed . But the defence team criticised prosecution witnesses and said the case against him was .", "Cuadrilla 's plans for fracking at its Preston New Road site at Little Plumpton were approved in October . The firm says it will put Lancashire for creating jobs , skills , investment , and community initiatives . Opponents said they were by the news since a challenge to the government 's decision is . Preston New Road Action Group issued proceedings at the High Court in November . Cuadrilla said an \" audited tracker \" will monitor its pledges to Lancashire . executive Francis Egan said the gas industry would be for the county 's economy . \" We expect that in the exploration phase we will spend in the order of \u00c2 \u00a3 50m - all of that will go to Lancashire ... but we would hope that up to half of that money could get spent in Lancashire ,\" he said . The firm said engineering firm AE Yates Ltd has been awarded the site 's \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m building contract . Work is expected to start year , Cuadrilla said .", "Humberto Benitez Trevino 's daughter caused outrage by using his influence to try to close down the bistro after it did give her a table she wanted . The episode sparked a discussion about abuse of power in the country . The sacking suggests that Mexico has grown to the issue , correspondents say . The episode became a trending topic on Twitter under the hashtag # ladyprofeco , after her father 's agency . Mt Benitez , the attorney-general for consumer protection , and his daughter both apologised , but this did to appease anger . On Wednesday , President Pena Nieto ordered his dismissal . The restaurant , Maximo Bistro in Mexico City , was raided by officials after Andrea Benitez was offered the table she had asked for . The government said that although Mr Benitez was involved in the raid , the episode had become for the institution .", "The case of the missing planes was raised PM David Cameron met President Thein Sein . A Downing Street source said it was \" hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming government \" . The location of the planes is . The planes were buried in 1945 by the RAF amid fears that they could either be used or destroyed by forces , but in the intervening years they have been located . At the time they were , in crates , and to be assembled . Until a election in 2010 , Burma was ruled for half a century by a junta . It has been reported that experts from Leeds University and an academic based in Rangoon believe they may have identified the sites the craft are concealed using radar techniques . On Friday , officials said President Thein Sein was \" \" about the prospect of finding and restoring the planes . A Downing Street source said : \" The Spitfire is the plane in the history of aviation , playing a role in the Second World War . \" It is hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming government , uncover , restore and display these fighter planes and get them gracing the skies of Britain . \"", "A coastguard helicopter from St Athan , in Vale of Glamorgan , flew to the scene on Saturday evening as the one based in north Wales was on another mission . The pair were helped to the top of the ridge by Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team ( MRT ) volunteers using ropes , and winched aboard the helicopter . They were dropped off at Nant Peris while the MRT walked down the peak .", "The Home Office decided to halt the Detained Fast Track ( DFT ) system amid concerns over safeguards , for \" applicants \" . Immigration minister James Brokenshire said he hoped the DFT system would resume within weeks . It is thought about 800 applicants are affected - and can seek bail . Of those , it is estimated that 100 may have to be released . The system , introduced in 2000 , accelerates hearings and appeals while keeping the individual detained . It is used in cases which officials believe can be decided . month the Court of Appeal ordered the Home Office to halt the system after an High Court hearing concluded it contained \" unfairness \" . High Court judge Mr Justice Nicol put a \" stay \" - a delay - on his ruling on 12 June , following a case brought by campaign group Detention Action . This meant the system remained in operation until the government had exhausted all opportunities to appeal . BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said officials were worried their procedures were as they should be . In a statement to the House of Commons , Mr Brokenshire said the system had \" come under challenge \" . \" Risks surrounding the safeguards within the system for applicants have been identified to the extent that we cannot be of the level of risk of unfairness to applicants who may enter DFT . \" In light of these issues , I have decided to suspend the operation of the detained policy . \" I hope this pause to be in duration , a matter of weeks , but I will resume operation of this policy I am the structures are in place to minimise any risk of unfairness . \" The decision to suspend the process means those asylum seekers detained and awaiting hearings will be reassessed at a \" level \" to see if they can be released from detention to continue their asylum application in the way . Mr Brokenshire added : \" Those who meet the criteria for detention will be affected by the decision to suspend DFT . \" are detained under these powers , for example because they are at risk of absconding and face removal . \" if detention can be justified outside a DFT process will applicants be released to continue their asylum claim in the asylum system . \" He said applicants who face removal to a country , pose a risk to the public or are offenders are \" to be detained or remain detained \" . The DFT system accelerated some 4,300 asylum applications or decisions in 2013 . It processes 30 to 40 cases a week .", "Aamir Siddiqi , 17 , was stabbed at his home in Roath in 2010 and two men , Jason Richards and Ben Hope , were jailed for life in 2013 . Mohammed Ali Ege , from Cardiff , was arrested in India in 2011 accused of conspiracy to commit murder . But he escaped police custody in India week . Mr Ege , who is accused of passport and identity forgery , was awaiting extradition but escaped after being taken to a court hearing . Authorities confirmed he escaped from a railway station washroom in New Delhi . Det Ch Insp Ceri Hughes said Mr Siddiqi 's family \" remain and continue to receive our support \" . Mr Ege is from the Riverside area of Cardiff , but he has connections with people in surrounding areas . DCI Hughes added : \" We believe someone in this country knows something about Mohammed Ali Ege 's whereabouts , and urge people to contact us \" .", "Chris May , 28 , was seen by family at his home in Kelvedon on 25 May 2015 . His abandoned Volkswagen Golf was found 10 miles ( 16km ) in Fairstead . His case was declared a murder by Essex Police investigation a year . A Braintree man and a 25-year-man from Kelvedon have been released pending inquiries . The two men will have to report to police in July .", "The project at Havelock Europa is expected to \" follow the wealth \" , market opportunities arise in the UK and . The firm wants to extend its sourcing operation in China and grow in Australia . The company has focused its marketing efforts in London . Office refurbishments in the capital are among Britain 's opportunities . The firm has been through a turnaround in years . In announcing its results , the Fife firm said 2016 was \" \" . Havelock Europa was into the black , with profits of \u00a3 183,000 , following a 2015 loss of \u00a3 2.7m . Revenue was in 2016 , due to the loss of a client , believed to be Lloyds Banking Group . Sales fell from \u00a3 73m in 2015 to \u00a3 61m . In trying to diversify its clients from a banks and education refurbishments during holidays , the company is seeking to secure clients from the health sector and student accommodation . It is looking for a range of clients , which have included street names as Marks & Spencer , Primark , Accessorize and House of Fraser . Havelock Europa employs 300 people at its Fife factory and marketing base , with offices in China and Mansfield in the English Midlands . The company 's shares fell 12 % in the hours after the results were published .", "David Harris , 68 , who had become \" besotted \" with another woman , was found of offering to pay an policeman \u00a3 150,000 to murder Hazel Allinson . His Old Bailey trial heard he wanted to inherit her West Sussex home and elope with sex worker Ugne Cekaviciute , 28 . The Court of Appeal confirmed papers had been lodged for an appeal . Harris , the producer of the police drama series The Bill , had claimed he was researching a spy novel and denied solicitation to murder at his trial . But the retired producer was caught the police officer posing as a hitman taped a conversation in which Harris said he was \" 100 % \" he wanted his partner . The jury was told Harris had mounting debts and was to inherit his partner 's \u00a3 800,000 home in Amberley and set up home with Ms Cekaviciute . The Old Bailey was told Harris had approached London mechanic Christopher May in March 2016 and said : \" I 'm offering you \u00a3 250,000 to kill my wife . \" In November 2016 he met an policeman posing as a hitman called Chris in the car park of Sainsbury 's in Balham , south London . They were introduced by a 3in \" man mountain \" called Zed , to whom Harris had given Ms Allinson 's details and a photograph . to Harris , Zed , whose name is Duke Dean , had reported him to City of London Police , the court was told . Jailing Harris for 17 years in July , Judge Anne Molyneux QC said : \" For your pipe dream , for your infatuation with a woman , Ms Allinson , who had protected and nurtured you , was to die a and death in an spot . \" Her death was to fund your life . You had used her until she had outlasted her usefulness to you . \"", "Konstandinos Erik Scurfield , 25 , an Marine from Barnsley , died near the city of Qamishli on 2 March , officials have said . His coffin was handed over to his father and uncle in a ceremony involving hundreds of Kurds . Mr Scurfield 's father , Chris , said the ceremony had been \" \" . He told BBC Middle East correspondent Jim Muir the ceremony was \" and \" to his family . Our correspondent said the ceremony was a \" moment \" for the Kurds , who had turned out to pay their respects to the Briton who came \" round the world to fight - and die - in their struggle against IS militants \" . Hundreds of people - including fighters , women and fighters in the region - watched as Mr Scurfield 's coffin was loaded into an ambulance , it will be transported to Erbil , the capital of Kurdistan . The coffin was decorated with flowers and was draped with a flag and a Union Jack . Some time would be needed in Erbil to complete the paperwork before Mr Scurfield 's body can be flown to the UK , our correspondent added . Mr Scurfield , an expert in battlefield medicine , is believed to have travelled to Syria three or four months . He is said to have gone to Syria because he was \" horrified by the atrocities being carried out \" . commander Redor Khalil said the Briton had been killed while fighting alongside forces in the frontline village of Tel Khuzela . His family has paid tribute to his \" courage , conviction and honour \" . In a statement , they said : \" We are to confirm the death of our son Konstandinos Erik Scurfield in Syria he went to support the forces opposing Islamic State . \" His flame might have burned but it burned with love , courage , conviction and honour and we are of him . \" The family 's friends and neighbours described news of Mr Scurfield 's death as \" \" . The Home Office says there are 600 people in the region \" of interest \" but have given a breakdown of what groups they may be associated with . The BBC understands about 100 volunteers - including some Britons - are fighting as part of the 30,000-strong forces . than 500 Britons are believed to have travelled to join IS .", "The Dane spent the half of season on loan at the Lilywhites he made 14 outings . Lindegaard made 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years before his move to the Baggies . \" I 'm that things have fallen into place before we get to the season ,\" he said . \" It was a decision . I could have gone to clubs in England but it was a no brainer , I wanted to stay . \" Find all the football transfers on our page .", "The Streatham MP said Labour should be \" screaming at the electorate \" after its election performance . He spoke out after Labour was hit by a row over its stance on welfare cuts . He criticised Jeremy Corbyn , amid reports that he is doing in the race to be Labour leader . In an interview with BBC Newsnight editor Allegra Stratton , Mr Umunna said Labour were \" sent a message \" by the electorate at the election , it was wiped out by the SNP in Scotland and failed to make ground on the Conservatives in England . \" We 're running stamping our feet , screaming at the electorate what we need to do is meet people they are at , we would want them to be ,\" he said . Labour has been divided by to respond to the welfare cuts set out in George Osborne 's Budget , with some MPs reacting acting leader Harriet Harman said it should oppose all of the measures . The party 's leader will be announced at a conference in September . Mr Umunna , who was in the leadership contest before withdrawing , said the Conservatives would want Mr Corbyn to win . The odds on Mr Corbyn winning the leadership have been reduced , though he made it on to the ballot paper after some MPs thought to be his supporters agreed to make up the number of nominations for him . Mr Umunna said he had nothing against the Islington North MP but added that his views were \" a politics that can win \" . He said Mr Corbyn was \" on defence at a time insecurity is rising \" and backed \" security payments for people who can work but refuse to work \" . \" I 'll tell you what , there is no glory in opposition ,\" Mr Umunna added . \" we will betray our people if we do get elected . \"", "Allan Stanley , 76 , of Nefyn , was snorkelling around the island of Gozo he was hit on 19 June . His widow Diane told the inquest in Caernarfon it happened in seconds . She said : \" There was time for me to shout or do anything . \" A conclusion of death was recorded by coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones . The inquest heard Mr Stanley was snorkelling in a bay a boat started up . \" A person snorkelling is to see ,\" Mr Pritchard-Jones said . \" it 's part of the top of the head that can be seen . \" Whether the person operating the boat looked or made any efforts to see if anyone was in the water , I ca say . \" Pathologist Dr Mark Lord told the inquest Mr Stanley suffered head injuries and his death was \" to have been \" .", "Twenty-five suspects were released because of a lack of evidence . It is the batch of death sentences passed in connection with the killings - 36 men were hanged a year for their part in the massacre . IS filmed the killings , at the US base of Camp Speicher , near Tikrit , in an piece of shock propaganda . of the victims are believed to have been Shia recruits who were based at the camp Tikrit was overrun by IS . Photos and videos published by IS at the time showed soldiers being lined up and shot at locations . Some bodies were pushed into the River Tigris , while others were buried in mass graves that were found after government forces recaptured the city a year . The condemned men have the right to appeal against the sentences .", "Magicseaweed , founded in 2002 in Kingsbridge , provides forecasting and reporting of than 4,000 beaches around the world . Surfstitch purchased the firm as part of a combined deal that includes surf magazine Stab . Magicseaweed said it was \" \" as the deal would enable it to expand . The firm employs 22 people in Kingsbridge , taking data from weather buoys to forecast surfing conditions , along with allowing surfers to check conditions via web cameras on beaches . \" It 's a opportunity to find the balance of surf forecasting , content and product offerings to our surf community and millions of users ,\" said co-founder Ryan Anderson . Justin Cameron , executive of Surfstitch , said : \" We are to welcome Magicseaweed and Stab to the Surfstitch Group . \" These businesses share our enthusiasm and passion in the action sports and youth culture space , and are partners to support Surfstitch 's mission to become the destination for action sports and youth lifestyle content and retail . \"", "Play was suspended on Friday afternoon as winds reached 36mph and blew trees over at Emirates Golf Club . Garcia , who was eight under after five holes play was stopped , added five birdies and a bogey as he carded a five-under-par 67 to move 12 under . Nacho Elvira is nine under , a shot of Open champion Henrik Stenson . England 's Chris Paisley carded the round with 66 as he completed 14 holes in the conditions to sit tied for on seven under . \" we got a bit with the weather today . I was expecting it to be , but you have to hit shots ,\" said Garcia , who is looking for his European Tour win since 2014 . \" I played and made some putts , so I 'm with I am . \" The round is under way with plans to try and complete it on Saturday .", "Bradford , chasing a play-off place , went Wes Thomas converted Josh Cullen 's pass , but Kevin Keen 's side levelled through Ambrose 's volley . Buoyed by the leveller , George Moncur struck an upright , before Ambrose took Owen Garvan 's pass to make it . It was to secure a double against the Bantams this season . The win was Colchester 's in League One since a 2-1 home success against Port Vale in October , and Keen 's in the competition since his December appointment . Phil Parkinson 's side dropped two places to after the defeat , their in five .", "The huts , made of chalk and straw daub and roofing , have been based on remains found at Durrington Walls , near Stonehenge . Project leader Luke Winter said : \" What we 're trying to do is get a sense of what these buildings looked like . \" The hope is to re-build the huts at Stonehenge visitor centre year . \" What makes the buildings is that they were dated to the time as the sarsen stones were being erected at Stonehenge ,\" Mr Winter said . \" One of the theories is that these may have housed the people that were helping with construction of that monument . \" , the project team has used a variety of daubs , made of pig soil [ dung ] or chalk and straw and construction techniques that would have been used by people . \" We 've been trying a way of thatching a roof . Nothing is tied onto the roof , as you would in a thatched building but the wheat straw that we 've used is knotted and tucked into a framework . \" people think 4,500 years is a time , which of course to us as people it is , but it 's into beginnings of agriculture . \" We 're looking at people that were farming , keeping cows and domesticating cereal crops , and of course houses were an thing . \" The huts will be kept for another two months and will open to the public during the two May bank holidays .", "The news means the WBO belt would be on the line if IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua of Britain and Wladimir Klitschko agree to fight . Joshua 's promoter Eddie Hearn has said terms were agreed with champion Klitschko and hoped the IBF , WBO and WBA titles would be contested . But Ruiz Jr 's promoter Bob Arum said the WBO has sanctioned the Parker bout . The WBO is to confirm the decision but Arum is considering venues and expects the match to take place in Parker 's native New Zealand . The 24-year-old is in 21 fights and is the WBO 's number-one ranked heavyweight , with Ukrainian Klitschko . Mexico 's Ruiz Jr , 27 , is on the list and has won all of his 29 bouts . Fury has vacated the WBO and WBA straps and had his boxing licence stripped by the British Boxing Board of Control \" pending investigation into anti-doping and issues \" . The , who defeated Klitschko in 2015 , is suffering from depression and has admitted to taking cocaine . In November he has an appeal hearing for a doping charge issued in July . It is if the WBA will allow Joshua to compete for their version of the title , but Hearn says his fighter will be in action on 10 December if Klitschko pursues a fight for the belt with a opponent . On Thursday heavyweight champion David Price tweeted Joshua stating \" I 'm coming to knock you out on December 10 \" .", "Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu \u00f4l i'r \u0175y ? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod , does dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l ... ( dyna ddigon nawr. Gol . ) Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd !", "Lionel Portillo-Meza pleaded in the death of Brian Terry in an Arizona court on Wednesday . Weapons found at the scene of his death were linked to a US scheme called Fast and Furious . Under the programme , the US allowed criminals to purchase guns in order to trace them to arms traffickers . But US agents lost track of 1,400 of the firearms , including the ones believed to have killed Terry . A US justice department report has cited 14 people for action for their roles in the programme . Mr Portillo-Meza was arrested in Mexico in 2012 . He was flown to the US on Tuesday . He has been charged with murder , as assault and charges . \" This development brings us one step to achieving justice for a agent who paid the price in protecting this country ,\" said US Attorney for Southern California Laura Duffy . \" While there is nothing that can be done to bring Agent Terry , we hope this news will bring some level of comfort . \" Another man , Manuel Osorio-Arellanes , was sentenced to 30 years in prison in February for the 2010 murder , which occurred as Osorio-Arellanes and his gang engaged in a firefight with US border agents in Arizona . The US justice department announced a $ 1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 589,000 ) reward in 2012 for information leading to the arrest of Mr Portillo-Meza , and three others . Two of the men remain fugitives , while the is waiting in custody for extradition . Robert Heyer , Terry 's cousin and the family 's spokesman , said they were \" that authorities have continued to work with us \" . \" The family has gotten at having expectations and knowing that things are going to take lots of time ,\" Mr Heyer said . \" They have become over the three-plus years . we do celebrate things . \" Mr Portillo-Meza pleaded to murder , murder and charges .", "The threats bring the number of incidents to 69 in 27 states in the month , according to the JCC Association of North America . No bombs were found at any of the centres targeted with telephone calls . week , 27 community centres in 17 US states reported receiving hoax bomb threats . All of the threats made on Monday , along with incidents in January , turned out to be and centres have reopened with services resumed . Responding to the incidents , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that US President Donald Trump had made it \" \" that actions were \" \" . \" and violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of freedom ,\" the statement , which was shared on Twitter by NBC News correspondent Peter Alexander , said . Mr Trump 's daughter Ivanka - who has converted to Judaism and whose husband is - condemned the threats . candidate Hillary Clinton said that action must be taken to prevent incidents . In a post on Twitter , Mrs Clinton wrote : \" JCC threats , cemetery desecration and attacks are and they need to be stopped . Everyone must speak out , starting w /@ POTUS . \" The threats were made to the community centres through calls that were both and live , with suspects using technology , according to newspaper Haaretz . Since the beginning of the year , there have been reports of threats to centres in New York , New Jersey , Ohio , Florida , Massachusetts , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Delaware , Connecticut , Alabama , California , Maine , Tennessee , South Carolina , Missouri , Wisconsin , Texas and Kansas . The JCC Association of North America , a network of health and education centres , has been reviewing its security plans . In an statement the FBI said that along with the US justice department it was investigating rights violations in connection with the threats . The Anti-Defamation League , a organisation , said in a statement that it was \" \" by the threats to the community . , than 100 headstones have been damaged at a cemetery in St Louis , Missouri , media report . In the city of Toronto , Mayor John Tory has condemned hate notes left outside the homes of residents .", "The police allege Nazrul , called Nazu , was the man who raped the 74-year-old nun . The man , a citizen , was arrested at a railway station in Kolkata ( Calcutta ) . The incident caused outrage in India and led to street protests in cities across the country . This marks the arrest in the crime . Police have identified eight suspects in the attack , of which two remain untraced . \" All the five accused arrested have named Nazrul as the person who raped the nun ,\" a police officer told the BBC . Dilip Kumar Adak , deputy inspector general of the state 's Criminal Investigation Department , told the AFP news agency that police acted on a tip off that Nazu , who had fled to Bangladesh after being identified from CCTV footage of the attack , was to return to Kolkata by train . In May , the police said they had arrested Milon Sarkar and described him as the leader of the gang which attacked the convent . They said it was what role the man had played in the case . During the attack in Ranaghat town on 14 March , money was stolen from the convent school and the building ransacked , before the nun was raped in the convent itself .", "An emoji of the flag is while one of the Texas flag is . The flag with its star on a background resembles that of the Lone Star state . Tom Oliverson said the resolution was meant to be . The resolution calls on lawmakers \" to reject the notion that the flag , although it is a flag , can in any way compare to or be substituted for the state flag of Texas and urge all Texans to use the Republic of Chile flag emoji in forums referring to the Lone Star Flag of the State of Texas \" . Some Texans have developed a habit of using the flag in text messages and on media as a sign of pride . None of the US states have their emoji flag . Mr Oliverson said that the idea was to raise awareness about the mix-up in a manner . \" if the legislature decides to hear it , we have achieved our objective ,\" he said . The resolution would be and cannot pass into law . There will be no penalties for using the flag emoji . \" The flag is a design . it 's the flag , who knows , we 're getting into a contest . The thing , , is that it 's the Texas flag ,\" joked writer Dan Solomon in Texas Monthly magazine . \" In these divided times , we anticipate that this bit of silliness will be a breath of bipartisanship ,\" he concluded . The wording of the bill emphasises the significance behind the differences . \" The colours of the flag depict sky , snow , and blood spilled while fighting for freedom , but the , , and red of the Lone Star Flag stand for the Texan values of loyalty , purity , and bravery ,\" it says . Chile and its symbols have been the subject of mix-ups . At the 2016 Copa America football tournament , the organisers played Chile 's anthem of that of Uruguay as players looked on . The following day , the anthem was drowned out by music by the rapper Pitbull before Chile 's match against Argentina .", "US rights are with NBC Universal at $ 83m (\u00a3 53.2m ) a season . The Premier League has been negotiating its round of television rights , having secured a record \u00a3 5.1bn deal with BT Sport and Sky , which starts in 2016-17 . That dwarfs the existing \u00a3 1bn-a-season agreement in place . The US agreement is in addition to the rights deal and covers all Premier League matches in seasons 2016-17 to 2021-22 . The Premier League and NBC have revealed the deal is . Premier League chairman Richard Scudamore said NBC Universal 's coverage of the two seasons had driven interest in clubs , and the competition as a whole , to levels . The rights , which include regions as the Middle East and North Africa ( Mena ) , will be about an \u00a3 2bn in the deal cycle .", "The water pipes in the town are and to leaks and bursts , Severn Trent Water said . Part of Milford Road is expected to be closed until the summer as a metal water pipe is replaced . Diversions will be in place . The road is \" \" in parts to be kept as machinery will be used , a spokesman said . than 12 miles ( 20km ) of water pipes are being laid from the Shugborough area into Stafford town centre . In the phase , which began in September , pipes were installed on Tixall Road for a housing development .", "The ministry said a jet flew into its airspace on the border with Syria on Friday . Moscow described the claim as \" propaganda \" . Tensions between the two countries have been since November , Turkey shot down a jet . Russia has been carrying out air strikes in Syria since September . It has been targeting forces fighting the government of President Bashar al-Assad , its ally . In a statement , the ministry said a SU-34 jet crossed into airspace at 11:46 time on Friday , ignoring warnings made in Russian and English . It said the ministry had summoned the ambassador in Ankara to \" protest at and condemn \" the incident . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned on Saturday that Russia would \" have to face consequences if it keeps up violations \" . \" steps do benefit either the Russian Federation , or Russia-Nato relations , or and peace ,\" he told reporters . He said he had asked for a meeting with his counterpart , Vladimir Putin , without success . Nato - of which Turkey is a member - on Saturday urged Russia \" to act responsibility and to respect Nato airspace \" and \" take all measures to ensure that violations do happen \" . Relations between Russia and Turkey , a opponent of Mr Assad , plummeted after F-16s shot down a SU-24 on 24 November . Turkey said the plane intruded into its airspace and ignored repeated warnings to leave . Russia insisted the jet had crossed over from territory and did receive any warnings . The two leaders embarked on a war of words and Russia introduced a raft of sanctions designed to damage Turkey 's economy . Moscow 's ban on the import of foods , the sale of charter holidays for Russians to Turkey and construction projects with firms was expected to cost the economy at $ 10bn .", "Falcons lie , having won six of their 14 matches , after finishing for the three campaigns . \" Every year I 've been we 've shown improvement ,\" the 53-year-old told BBC Radio Newcastle . \" People do see improvement until you overtake people , which is what we 've done this year ,\" he said . \" I 've looked at anything than that [ being in the six ] for the four years . We 're getting wins than people thought , and people are considering us as six contenders . \" Newcastle host Northampton , who they beat 22-16 this season , on Sunday , with the Saints one place above the Falcons in the table . \" They fight for every point they can get , and will try to reverse the defeat from in the year . \" \" I want people to look at our combativeness and ' willing to lie down ' attitude . We are getting . Every game has been a battle for teams . They do like coming and we know that . It 's about the weather , but the way we play . \" \" We 've got to go out and do it . It 's about heights and aspirations . It 's about nailing that win time and time . \"", "The 26-year-old has made one appearance since joining Posh in November , scoring in the 3-2 win over club Barnsley . Graham Westley 's side have injuries to defenders Callum Elder , Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe . Posh , in the table , are at home against struggling Chesterfield on Boxing Day .", "Cycling 's governing body the UCI found the 19-year-old 's bike contained a motor at January 's Cyclo-cross World Championships in Belgium . Van den Driessche has been fined 20,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 14,000 ) and been ordered to pay costs . The European Under-23 champion must return all her medals . The result of the World Championship race , the women 's under-23 race won by Great Britain 's Evie Richards , is affected . Scanning of bikes in UCI competitions has been introduced in years , but Van den Driessche 's was the found to contain a concealed motor . There were 274 bikes scanned at the Track Cycling World Championships in London in March . Media playback is supported on this device UCI regulations , which were strengthened , state that a rider is given a suspension of six months and a fine of up to 200,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 141,000 ) for an offence of \" fraud \" , while coaches , mechanics and officials could be sanctioned . Van den Driessche was competing during the women 's race at the Cyclo-cross World Championships . The motor was hidden , along with a battery , in the tube below the saddle . It was controlled by a Bluetooth switch installed underneath the handlebar tape . She has denied suggestions she cheated , saying the bike was hers . \" It was my friend 's and was to mine . This friend went around the course Saturday before dropping off the bike in the truck . A mechanic , thinking it was my bike , cleaned it and prepared it for my race ,\" she told television in January .", "Bath player Ford , 23 , missed six out of seven kicks at goal during the 27-13 victory over Wales 11 days . That - combined with Farrell 's form for title-winning Saracens - has convinced coach Eddie Jones to make the change . Luther Burrell is to take the role vacated by Farrell . Harlequins winger Marland Yarde is in line to start of Exeter 's Jack Nowell , with England to confirm their team at 10:00 BST on Thursday . England have won a series in Australia , but are to overturn the 33-13 \" hiding \" they were given by the Wallabies at the 2015 World Cup . \" We came out of that game thinking we had thought of ourselves ,\" said prop Mako Vunipola of England 's defeat on soil . \" The lesson we took was that on any day anything can happen . We go into this weekend knowing that . \" There is no thought of revenge or righting wrongs of the World Cup and , although it 's to forget , it has got to go to the back of our minds . \"", "Katie Milby , 13 , has Morquio A , a syndrome which affects 105 people in the UK . It leads to the deterioration of mobility , health and stamina . Her friend Kyle Pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made on the NHS . There is no known cure to Morquio syndrome but the drug improves the life of people with the condition . It replaces a missing enzyme which allows children to continue to grow , as improving stamina and the ability to walk . It relieves pain . The drug 's manufacturers have been providing the treatment to patients at their expense but they are going to withdraw it unless the NHS in England and Scotland commit to funding it . The Stranraer Academy student said her life would be without the drug . \" I would be to move I 'd be in pain ,\" she said . \" And I would be to go to school . \" It was that situation which prompted her friend to launch the petition which has 2,000 signatures . \" As a friend I suppose I felt that she was going to be denied this because I know she has got a outlook on life ,\" Kyle explained . \" She 's , she 's and I would hate to see her in pain all the time . \" Galloway and West Dumfries MSP Alex Fergusson has backed the petition . \" This is a medication but , as Katie herself asked me , do you put a value on a life ?\" he asked . \" There are over a hundred sufferers throughout the UK , with five in Scotland , and those who have had treatment with Vimizim report a reduction in pain and the symptoms of this syndrome . \" Life expectancy , which exceeds the 20s without treatment , can be extended with this treatment , and it is to the credit of Katie and her friends that they have raised this petition to try to ensure that the treatment is to all . \" The Scottish Medicines Consortium said the drug was going through its assessment process . It added that a decision on the medicine was expected to be published in September .", "The Staffordshire club are in the Premiership - the top-flight of English rugby as it stands - and have been part of the league for 15 seasons . Lichfield director of rugby Becky Williams said it was \" \" to miss out on the league . asked if she hoped for a rethink , Williams said : \" We deserve it . \" Speaking to BBC Midlands Today , Williams continued : \" What we , as a club , have worked to do for 25 years is to get to the required standard - which we meet . \" Women 's Super Rugby , into which there will be a multi-million pound investment by the RFU over the three years , is aimed at improved playing standards and increasing participation in the game . Lichfield are the Premiership side to be included in the Women 's Super Rugby competition , as Aylesford will operate as Harlequins from 2017 . Centre Emily Scarratt , a World Cup winner and Team GB captain at the 2016 Rio Olympics , is among five Lichfield players involved in England 's Six Nations campaign this season . In a statement , Women 's Premiership chair Mark Francis said \" the competition will be weakened \" by Lichfield 's absence and \" welcome the RFU to reconsider the decision \" . The RFU have said they are to work with the club and help \" support ambitions to compete in the competition \" . Applications for a spot in Super Rugby were based around coaching and training , sports science and support , training and playing environment , player pools , and streams . There will be no promotion or relegation from the competition for the two seasons , which starts in September . While Lichfield boss Williams is the club has been overlooked , she does stress the RFU 's efforts to establish a funded and top-flight competition is \" \" . England and Lichfield prop Justine Lucas echoed the sentiment , adding : \" For the picture , the RFU investing money into women 's rugby is . \" But it is a blow for Lichfield . We have worked this year and put into our club rugby , Lichfield means a lot to everyone involved . \"", "Mike Hall and two colleagues from West Midlands Police 's cannabis team were flagged down by a driver in Wolverhampton , at around 15:30 BST on Monday . The passenger was in labour and Mr Hall rushed to help deliver a baby girl , the force said . Mr Hall said it was a day he \" wo forget in a hurry \" . See stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country after he stepped in , paramedics arrived at the scene in Hickman Avenue , and mother and baby were taken to hospital to be checked over . Mr Hall , the cannabis disposal team manager with the force , said : \" It was from your call for help but it was one of the . \" I have been with the force for than 30 years and had to deliver a baby . \" We receive training but nothing can prepare you for such a situation . \"", "The England centre , 24 , whose deal at Welford Road runs out summer , is attracting interest from sides . \" We are having some discussions with Manu and and we are about him staying ,\" Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester . \" Manu is world class . people are trying to lure him to clubs by offering him amounts of money . \" Reports had suggested Tuilagi had been offered \u00a3 1.6 million over three years by Worcester Warriors , although Warriors director of rugby Dean Ryan said on Wednesday there was no truth in the claims . Wasps director of rugby Dai Young said his club have made no move for the England centre , but Saracens , Bristol and Toulouse are thought to be . Samoa-born Tuilagi , who joined Leicester as a youngster and has won 25 caps for England , has been offered a deal by the Tigers . \" I did think clubs were allowed to speak with him until 1 January , that surprises me ,\" Cockerill added . \" Manu is a lad and I am we will come to a conclusion and all indications are that it 's the case . \" I am that Manu will stay . He has a lot of rugby left in him . \" He is a lad . We have looked after him and we are he will stay a Leicester player . \"", "Jemma Beale , 25 , claimed she was raped by nine men and assaulted by six , all strangers , in four encounters spanning three years . One allegation led to the conviction of a man who was jailed for seven years . Beale from Hounslow was found of perjury and perverting the course of justice at Southwark Crown Court . Judge Nicholas Loraine-Smith told Beale , who was in a relationship with a woman : \" This trial has revealed , what was , that you are a , liar and you enjoy being seen as a victim . \" The prosecution described your life as a ' construct of victimhood ' . \" These offences began as a attempt to get your partner 's sympathy or to arouse her jealousy . \" They each began , but what is is the manner in which you persisted in making allegations which you knew were to the extent of committing and repeating perjury . \" Prosecutor Madeleine Wolfe told the court police spent 6,400 hours investigating Beale 's lies at a cost of \u00a3 250,000 , and the trial cost \u00a3 109,000 . \" Cases as this bring a risk that a woman who has been raped or assaulted does complain to the police for fear of being believed \" , the judge added . \" allegations are to have the impact of increasing the likelihood of men going . \" In a impact statement , Mahad Cassim , who was convicted of raping Beale in 2010 , told the court he had been affected by the claim . \" One of my goals is to be a businessman , to have a family and be ,\" he said . \" I am working on the happiness - I have a way to go . \" Beale had claimed she was groped by a stranger , Noam Shahzad , in a pub in July 2012 . She alleged she was gang-raped by him and men , and injuries to back up her claims she was assaulted with wire . The following year Beale fabricated allegations against six men . She claimed two strangers assaulted her and said she was gang raped , by four others , two months .", "Peterborough restaurant owner Mohammed Khubaib , 43 , was convicted of rape and grooming offences month . During his trial at the Old Bailey , the jury was told he forced a girl to perform a sex act on him after getting her . He had a \" and interest \" in girls , the court heard . Det Supt Gary Ridgway from Cambridgeshire Police said the sentence showed \" this type of offence is \" . \" This represents justice for people who had the courage to stand up in court and relive some experiences ,\" he said . Khubaib was the person to be convicted under Operation Erle , which focussed on allegations of sex abuse by groups of men and boys against girls . Four cases led to nine defendants being jailed for 59 offences against 15 girls from Peterborough and in the East Midlands . \" We are with this sentence today as it represents justice for the girls and women who suffered at the hands of this criminal ,\" said Wendi Ogle-Welbourn , from Peterborough City Council . She praised the \" bravery \" of the victims who had given evidence during the course of the trial . \" Their courage in reliving some experiences at the hands of this criminal has enabled us to get the result we did today and means that girls and women are in our city ,\" she said . Cambridgeshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Sir Graham Bright described Khubaib 's actions as \" crime of the kind \" .", "Crews were called to the incident at 17:00 on Friday . Five appliances were sent to the scene with one remaining on site on Saturday afternoon . No-one was injured in the incident .", "The weather hit Norfolk and Lincolnshire , homes were evacuated and an air display cancelled . BBC Weather said 50mm of rain fell in Cambridgeshire in an hour , damaging the banks of the River Nene in March . A Tesco shopper said water was \" pouring through the ceiling near the fish counter \" . Richard Mayer , 32 , became trapped in his car at Bar Hill while he was visiting to buy a home in the area . Speaking from the vehicle he said : \" Water is lapping over the kerb . People can walk through it , but it 's than you 'd want to drive through . \" I 'm sitting in my car on the pavement in order to maintain some height from the Bar Hill roundabout near Tesco . \" There are cars and the flooding is getting as people are trying to drive through it , but their engines are cutting out which is causing them to block the road . \" Fire service group commander Ryan Stacey said : \" We have seven crews in the March , Doddington and Wisbech St Mary areas , assisting with evacuating residents , salvaging and pumping water out of homes . \" The number of properties affected cannot be confirmed , but we understand that we are assisting 60 properties . \" He warned : \" Do try to drive through standing water - as the water damaging your car , there may be hazards under the water you ca see . \" A rest centre was opened in St John the Evangelist Parish Hall in Queens Street , March . There have been reports of flash flooding in west Norfolk . Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service said officers have been dealing with 40 calls with incidents in Swaffham , Necton , Outwell and Downham Market . Police in Cambridgeshire urged people to avoid driving on the county 's roads unless due to the \" deluge of rain being experienced \" . Ch Insp Nick Night said : \" We are assisting partner agencies including the Highways Agency , Fire and Rescue Service , Fenland District Council and Cambridgeshire County Council with road closures , evacuating residents and pulling vehicles out of flood water . \" We do have a stock of sandbags , so please do call 999 requesting any . \" The UK Power Network said it had been working to restore power to homes and 400 homes were without power at 21:00 BST on Friday .", "An advance party of 10 soldiers from Force Troop Command , 1 Div and Field Army training will support African Union peacekeeping efforts against the al-Shabab group . About 70 personnel will be in Somalia carrying out , and engineering duties . Around 300 troops are be deployed to the conflict in South Sudan . Al-Shabab - the group allied to al-Qaeda - is battling Somalia 's government for control of the country . Who are Somalia 's al-Shabab ? questions for force in Somalia defector : I left al-Shabab The group has carried out a string of attacks - including in Kenya - and is believed to have between 7,000 and 9,000 fighters . The African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) was launched in 2007 , and is comprised of troops from Uganda , Burundi , Djibouti , Kenya and Ethiopia . In South Sudan , conflict between government and forces has seen than 2.2 million people flee from their homes in the state , which broke from Sudan in 2011 . The troops being sent to South Sudan will carry out engineering work to strengthen infrastructure . It follows a commitment by UK Prime Minister David Cameron at the UN in New York in September . It formed part of a pledge in the Strategic Defence and Security Review to double the number of UK troops on UN \" \" peacekeeping tasks and support efforts to end some of the world 's destabilising conflicts . Speaking at the time , Mr Cameron said operations \" will help to alleviate and security issues ... helping to bring stability to the region and preventing these challenges from spreading \" . Announcing the arrival of the team in Somalia , Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said : \" This deployment is another demonstration of the flexibility and reach of our forces . \" It showed the UK 's \" determination to tackle terrorism it rears its head \" , he added . The Ministry of Defence said the UK military 's contribution to UN peacekeeping reflects a history of supporting the organisation , including a lasting presence in Cyprus . Britain has been a contributor to UN peacekeeping missions and is the provider of funds . But its troop commitment has been - focused on 250 soldiers based in Cyprus .", "Summer Wroniecki broke a bone in her leg the was blown 150 yards into the crowd at Duffus Park in Cupar , Fife , on Saturday afternoon . Summer had battled a type of cancer , which was diagnosed after her birthday . Her father Christian wrote on Facebook that his daughter was \" \" . He said : \" Summer is a cookie as you all know and will bounce . \" Mr Wroniecki posted on Monday morning that her operation would be taking place on Tuesday . It is believed an adult was treated for a shoulder complaint after the incident . Organisers said every safety precaution was risk assessed .", "Media playback is supported on this device The 35-year-old has 184 goals in 252 matches in an career spanning 15 years . She was in the 2015 World Cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds . \" It 's been an , ride and I ca wait to see what the chapter of my life brings ,\" she said . Wambach was the 2012 Fifa Women 's World Player of the Year and is a US Soccer Female Athlete of the Year winner . She will be with the US team for all four of its December matches , but her game will come on 16 December against China in New Orleans as the match of the tour . Media playback is supported on this device \" Abby is a player who has transcended our sport and her legacy as one of the world 's players is set ,\" said US head coach Jill Ellis . \" What she has done for women 's soccer and women 's sports with her talents on the field and her personality off it has been to watch . \" I am that she could end her career with that World Cup title and go out on top , she deserves to be . \" In her career , Wambach scored over 500 goals for her school , college , club teams and the United States youth and sides .", "The 24-year-old has agreed a two-year-deal and will arrive following his commitments with the Stormers and Western Province in South Africa . He is the son of Springbok Guy Kebble and won the 2012 Under-20s World Championship with South Africa . \" I try and bring an edge to the game and make an impact ,\" Kebble told the Pro12 club 's website . \" I 've watched all of the Glasgow matches in the Champions Cup this season and hemisphere rugby is getting . I 'm looking to playing in a league . \" I know Dave Rennie is one of the coaches in the world , so it 's an prospect to work under him season . \" Kebble will join team-mate Huw Jones in Glasgow , with the Scotland centre signing a contract with the Warriors this month . \" Huw and I live in Cape Town ,\" he explained . \" We did talk about it before it happened , but it 's to know there will be a face in Glasgow . \" week , BBC Scotland revealed Kebble 's expected arrival , with the recruit considered a project player by Scottish Rugby , who have monitored him for years .", "The Vikings led the table after winning six of their seven games but slipped from the top after losing to Warrington on 25 March . Betts' side lie in place in the table and face league leaders Warrington on Friday . \" I do see our form being , we 've lost some games ,\" Betts told BBC Radio Merseyside . \" We 've lost some momentum to look at the table , but we 're doing some things . \" After conceding 108 points in their seven matches , Widnes' fortunes have changed of , with the Vikings conceding 103 points in their four games . \" It 's about doing the things , keeping the confidence and doing the things we did at the beginning of the year with the kind of determination ,\" he added . \" We know we 've got to get moving in the league but Warrington are saying the thing and there are guys who are fighting to get some momentum in their league positions . \"", "The man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a condition after being found in North Street at 07:10 GMT on Saturday . A man of no fixed address and a woman from Brighton were arrested on suspicion of robbery . A Brighton man was arrested on suspicion of bodily harm . Sussex Police said the victim was in hospital . Officers are to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed the assault .", "Clive Weatherhogg set up meetings between the woman and a man he found through an adult website , and filmed them having sex . A court heard he sent a message containing a clip to the victim 's sister on Christmas Day . Weatherhogg , 42 , was placed on the sex offenders register . He had denied the charges but was found following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . Sheriff George Way remitted the case to the High Court in Edinburgh to be dealt with because its sentencing powers . Weatherhogg , of Guthrie , near Forfar , was found of coercing the woman to engage in activity and intercourse with the man between 10 September , 2013 and 17 September the year . He was convicted of causing the woman 's sister and father to look at images and behaving in a or manner on 25 December , 2014 . The woman told the trial she had felt \" \" by Weatherhogg . Lady Wolffe told the Weatherhogg that she had to pass a sentence on him that \" reflected society 's abhorrence \" at conduct . The judge said that Weatherhogg , a offender , had been assessed as posing \" a risk \" of re-offending . Defence counsel Jonathan Crowe said it had been \" a shock \" for Weatherhogg to be placed on remand of sentencing .", "The 26-year-old will join Wednesday on a transfer in the summer for a fee believed to be \u00a3 10m . The Owls had to wait until Wednesday for the English Football League to decide if the deal had been completed by Tuesday 's 23:00 GMT deadline . Rhodes scored six goals in 24 league appearances for Boro after joining from Blackburn for \u00a3 9m in January 2016 . , the Scotland international , featured six times this season and failed to score . He started his career with Ipswich and had loan spells with Oxford , Rochdale and Brentford before joining Huddersfield in July 2009 . Rhodes scored 73 goals in 124 league appearances for the Terriers and helped them to promotion from League One in 2012 . Blackburn paid the Terriers \u00a3 8m for him in August 2012 following their relegation from the Premier League . He moved on to Boro January after scoring 83 goals in 159 league games for Rovers and helped Aitor Karanka 's side win promotion to the Premier League . Rhodes' father , Andy , is the goalkeeping coach at Hillsborough . Find all the football transfers on our page or visit our Premier League tracker .", "The Academy Selsey suffered damage and of its contents was destroyed in the blaze on 21 August . The school 's 453 pupils are being taught at four locations in the Selsey area . as classrooms , the buildings will house science labs , workshops and food technology areas , the school said . The buildings , some of which have been placed on the site by two cranes , had been used to house staff and students from Bohunt School in Worthing while building work was carried out . Tom Garfield , head teacher of the academy , said : \" We are to see the school buildings arrive on site . It 's a milestone for us , the staff and students . \" He said once the remaining structures had arrived over the days the school would begin preparing the rooms for teaching .", "and Irish Lion North , 23 , has signed a contract with Northampton Saints in England 's Premiership . The 23-year-old 's deal was to expire summer and he had been linked with a return to Wales . \" We 'd want to see our players playing in Wales ,\" Davies said . \" would we want it any ? \" Davies was Scarlets executive North left them for Saints in 2013 , and moved to the Pro Rugby Wales role in September 2014 . He would like to see players as North in Wales to offer a \" return on investment to the regions that have developed them \" as to reward fans and to inspire players . Davies added : \" From the squad 's point of view , the coaches are that they believe that it is a environment in terms of player management for the players to be playing in Wales . \" They can manage them in conjunction with the regions . \" North , capped 55 times by Wales and a 2013 Lions tourist in Australia , has appeared 42 times for Saints . There was speculation he might emulate Wales team-mate and colleague Jonathan Davies , who will return to Scarlets from Clermont Auvergne on a Welsh Rugby Union contract season . Wales centre Tom Shanklin is North will remain in England . \" It 's for him because he 's at a club and in a league ,\" Shanklin told Scrum V Radio . \" But I want to see all the players . That 's going to strengthen our league and strengthen our product on the field . \" We had some news Jon Davies is coming so it 's a bit of a shame . \"", "Kvitova followed up wins over world number one Angelique Kerber and Britain 's Johanna Konta with a 6-1 6-2 demolition of Romania 's Halep . The Wimbledon champion needed 67 minutes to win the semi-final . Kvitova goes on to face seed Dominika Cibulkova , who beat Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4 . Cibulkova , who missed four months of the season in 2015 after having surgery on her foot , is to qualifying for the WTA Finals in Singapore for the time . \" I 'm a player ,\" said the 27-year-old . \" I can beat players . But I was missing consistency in my game . This is the year I 'm playing the year . \" Kvitova , 26 , hit 34 winners in a display against Halep , overpowering the Romanian to reach her final of 2015 . \" It 's ,\" said the Wimbledon champion . \" I came to this tournament and did expect this kind of performance . I 'm - I 'm that I 'm falling . \" But I played a match today in spite of everything , which put the pressure on her . \"", "Gerald Lavey , 30 , said his children clung to him during the attack by up to six men at his home at Ballymagowan Avenue , Creggan , on Monday . He said the gang dragged him from his living room to the garden he was beaten with iron bars and nails . Hours after the attack , a wheelie bin was set to the house . Police said they consider both incidents to be linked . \" Any night I would lock the door and put the keys out of reach so nobody could break the glass ,\" said Gerald Lavey . \" But the wee'uns [ children ] did lock the door and the thing we heard was footsteps coming up the stairs and I knew that 's what it was . \" They were dragging me down the stairs into the garden and started battering me with iron bars . , my wee girl clung onto me she seen them and they pulled her off me . \" Mr Lavey said he feared for the safety of his daughter , 9 , and his son . \" Its , I do think they should have had to witness anything . They were squealing . I was lying on the garden and they were welting into me with iron bars with nails in them . \" While I was in the garden getting battered they [ the gang ] were smashing up the house . One of them said that 's , that 's but the boy had to hit me five or six slaps and they ran off down the street . \" Gerald Lavey called those behind the attack \" cowards \" . \" They were shouting about coke but I do take any sort of drugs . I 'm to prescribed medication and that 's it . I do bother anybody I keep myself to myself . \" Cowards . They had to come in masks and iron bars and it took five or six of them . \"", "The Nova Centre in Prestatyn will be given a gym , cafe and changing rooms as part of the \u00c2 \u00a3 4.2m revamp . Three units and a play facility will be built . The centre shut February after the trust running it had its funding pulled by Denbighshire council . The work , starting on Monday , is expected to be finished by July .", "The cases involve 165 suspects and than 100 victims . A police spokesperson said cases had \" suspects and victims \" but there was a number involving suspects . year , 12 men were jailed for their part in the abuse of a victim in Keighley . Eleven were jailed at Bradford Crown Court after being convicted of raping the girl from the age of 13 and another man was sentenced for activity with her . The CSE figures , which were given to the Keighley News and confirmed to the BBC by police , compare with year 's figure of 220 cases . There were 261 suspects under investigation at the time in 2016 . A police spokesperson said : \" West Yorkshire Police and partners have been in their approach to encourage victims to come and reassure them that all reports will be taken . \" We have developed a understanding of CSE than in the past and this has led to action to prioritise resources to improve the identification and prosecution of perpetrators of this crime . \"", "Eight people were found in the vehicle in a Walmart car park in San Antonio , Texas , and 31 others were treated . Two died in hospital . The driver , named as James Mathew Bradley , 60 , could face the death penalty . He says the immigrants were placed in his trailer while he was distracted . They were inside the trailer without access to air conditioning or water while temperatures hit 38C ( 100F ) . Police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling . Video footage from the store showed a number of vehicles arriving to pick up some of the survivors . others may have managed to escape on foot into the woods . Immigration and Customs Enforcement acting head Thomas Homan said than 100 people could have been in the truck at one point . Mexico 's government said it was working with US authorities to identify the nationalities of the victims . San Antonio is a hours' drive from the border with Mexico , and the US immigration department is trying to establish the status . Officials were brought to the trailer by a man who had approached an employee of the Walmart store and asked for water . San Antonio police chief William McManus said in a press briefing that the people ranged from school age to in their 30s . fire chief Charles Hood said the survivors had heart rates of over 130 beats per minute and were to touch . The fire chief confirmed at two of the victims were school-age children . Their condition is . The US attorney for the Western District of Texas , Richard Durbin , said the people were victims of \" smugglers to the wellbeing of their cargo \" . Experts say people smuggling is a issue in Texas , and there have been a number of cases in the area in this month . On 7 July , US Border Patrol agents found 72 immigrants from countries locked inside a trailer \" with no means of escape \" . The day 33 people were found locked inside a trailer at a checkpoint on the road to San Antonio .", "SKN Heritage Museum is showing the type of belongings brought by immigrants in the 1940s and 50s . The Windrush generation responded to adverts to work in Britain but were allowed to bring one suitcase . Organisers said the display gives a insight into part of Nottingham 's history . The Windrush was named after the boat which brought people from the Caribbean to Britain in 1948 . The exhibition , called ' From Caribbean Isles to the British Isles - Home to Home ' , aims to give an insight into people who travelled across the Atlantic to seek a life in what was the Empire 's \" mother country \" . Item include photographs , clothes , records and games - as beauty products designed for skin and hair none were . Catherine Ross , the museum 's founder , cameto Nottingham from St Kitts she was seven years . She said : \" Our aim is to let everyone know about the contributions that Caribbeans have made to society and Nottingham and commemorate these achievements . \" There'sno place tostart than Nottingham Carnival , as it 's known and event in Nottingham 's calendar . \" The carnival is taking place for the time take in two sites - the Forest Recreation Ground on Saturday and the Victoria Embankment on Sunday .", "Barbara Stensland , 43 , from Cardiff , went to Carmarthen on 5 August . she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue , than one mile ( 1.6km ) , she was refused . Carmarthenshire council 's licensing officer , Justin Power , said : \" We will investigate this matter and take any steps . \" Ms Stensland told BBC Radio Cymru 's Post Cyntaf programme it took her than an hour to reach the venue . She said : \" I went to the taxi in the queue outside the station , I told him I wanted to go . \" He laughed . I thought he was joking because I knew it was a distance . \" I said ' , can I get in the taxi ? ' He said ' no , I 'm taking you . ' he pointed me in the direction and told me to walk . \" Urtha Felda , from MS Society Cymru , said : \" We have heard of people having trouble getting taxis . \" If somebody 's walking you ca see that they 're - if someone 's in a wheelchair it 's . \" It 's , I would say to people - do make judgements . \"", "Sgt Jon Harris had been sent to an assault in the Waterloo Bar in Argyle Street on Wednesday night . After dealing with the incident he surprised customers by belting out the 70s track on the karaoke . Peter McKenna-Boyd , who filmed the performance , said : \" Everybody loved it \" . The officer was in uniform at the time . Mr McKenna-Boyd told BBC Radio Scotland 's The Kaye Adams programme : \" Nobody expected it to happen . It was a Wednesday night for us . \" They 've launched their Wednesday which is a bit of a game show and a bit of karaoke . \" \" I think the sergeant was speaking to the host and she suggested he got up to sing but I do think she expected him to ,\" Mr McKenna-Boyd said . \" But she held him to it before he went out the door . The officers were and they heard his name called up and they ran . \" They loved it . Everybody was clapping and cheering for him . \" He was , his pointing and his dance moves . The policemen were standing and clapping and cheering . if he was their boss but they saw him it was like their dad had got up on the karaoke . \" Ch Insp Mark Sutherland , of Police Scotland , said : \" Around 19.10 hours on Wednesday evening , officers were called following an assault within the Waterloo Bar on Argyle Street in Glasgow city centre . \" A and investigation led to the arrest of a male who is expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on 2nd June . \" Once the inquiry had concluded and the victim 's safety ensured , Sgt Jon Harris from our city centre community policing team was encouraged to participate in karaoke ongoing in the pub . ' Sgt Jon ' took to the stage which helped to defuse any simmering tensions in the pub . \" I was to see that once the incident had been concluded , my officers were to share a moment with those who remained in the pub . \"", "The hosts lost opener Chris Dent for a duck in the over and Gareth Roderick ( 23 ) . Will Tavare ( 20 ) and Michael Klinger ( 10 ) continued a fall of wickets until Hamish Marshall ( 58 ) and Phil Mustard ( 38 ) led the recovery . , Viljoen swept through the tail to end with figures of 5-55 .", "Northants elected to field and chipped with wickets as Keaton Jennings , Cameron Steel and Graham Clark were all dismissed for 20 . Buck 's haul included the wickets of in-form Paul Collingwood and top-scorer Michael Richardson ( 27 ) . Barry McCarthy took 2-20 as Durham hit , but Northants finished the day 59-3 , 107 runs . Division Two 's side Durham went into the game on the back of a defeat by Glamorgan and their batting line-up was exposed by Northants' seam attack in an innings which lasted 45.2 overs . Northants lost Rob Newton , Alex Wakeley and Rob Keogh in reply , but Max Holden ( 19 ) and Chesney Hughes ( 16 ) prevented damage before light brought an close . Derbyshire and Leeward Islands batsman Hughes , who played as a ' guest ' for Northants in their tour game against South Africa A , is making his Championship appearance since August , on a , pay-as-you-play basis .", "Margaret Fleming , 36 , was seen at her home in Inverkip by her two carers at 17:40 on Friday 28 October . She is described as 5ft 5in , with hair , eyes and has a build , although her weight can fluctuate . Police had said they were trying to build a picture of Ms Fleming 's life , part of which she kept \" \" . seen , she was wearing a tartan fleece or jumper , jeans or trousers , and boots . She had a handbag . A police spokesman said : \" There is a search team combing the area around the missing person was seen , this includes in the garden of her known address . \" Speaking this month , Ch Insp Elliot Brown , area commander for Greenock , said : \" We are working with information and whilst it does seem like this is quite an missing person case , it is . \" As we continue to try to piece Margaret 's life , we understand she kept a side of her life so we 're trying to look into this in a bit detail to see if this will help with our inquiries . \" We are working to try to find out about Margaret , we 've been speaking to friends and family members to establish a picture of her life over the years . \" The detective said that Ms Fleming was a student at James Watt College in Greenock between 1996 and 1997 . He said he was to speak to anyone who remembered her from , and who might have been in touch with her over the years .", "A poster for conference call firm Powwownow shows a man on an train surrounded by characters in masks . Changing Faces says the adverts are \" \" because of the similarity to masks worn by people recovering from burns . Powwownow says the images are targeting those with disfigurements and show characters from \" horror \" . In one advert , a woman is shown in the middle of a group of people wearing masks to that of Jason , the character of the Friday The movie franchise . In a blog post , Changing Faces executive , James Partridge , said the tagline of the campaign - Avoid the Horror - was \" \" . He wrote : \" It reinforces the association that people who wear masks as part of their treatment and who have burn scarring , are to be feared and avoided . \" Changing Faces says Powwownow agreed to take down the adverts . In a statement to Newsbeat , a spokesman from the conferencing service said : \" we received a complaint from Changing Faces , we pulled the advert as a mark of respect to the charity 's perspective and undertook a review of the advertising strategy . \" After this review , we reinstated the advert as a reflection of our belief in the concept , its reference to the horror genre and the fact that we are in no way targeting or discriminating against people with disfigurement , or any people . \" The adverts focus on the horror of the commuting experience and in no way target any individuals . \" Catrin Pugh from Wrexham sustained burns to her face and body the coach she was travelling in crashed in France in 2013 . She 's been undergoing treatment . Speaking to Newsbeat , she said : \" Wearing my compression mask is my face looks ' ' and was one of the parts of my treatment . \" This advert , suggesting people in masks are ' horrors' makes me . \" \" I remember I went out into the public wearing my mask , and due to my eyesight I could see it , but my sister said everyone turned and gawped . \" If that is associated with being like a horror , as the advert suggests , it could have been , with reactions , than reactions which is what I received . \" Powwownow insists that the characters in its campaign are \" in the world of computer games , TV , entertainment and film . \" We wish to reiterate that there is no intention to offend anyone . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Visitors are being offered drinks , pastries , calligraphy demonstrations and discussion during the \" \" weekend . The country 's leading body , the French Council of the Muslim Faith ( CFCM ) , seeks to distance mainstream Islam from attacks . The initiative comes a year after the Charlie Hebdo killings in Paris . gunmen killed 17 people at Paris sites , including the offices of the Charlie Hebdo magazine and a supermarket . Marking the anniversary of the killings , President Francois Hollande unveiled a plaque on Saturday in tribute to one of those who died , policewoman Clarissa Jean-Philippe . France remembered the four hostages killed at the supermarket . France is under a state of emergency after November 's Paris attacks , carried out by gunmen linked to the Islamic State group , which killed 130 people . Hundreds of mosques are taking part in the event , dubbed a \" cup of tea \" . \" The objective is to create a space people can be and meet worshippers and all of our citizens ,\" CFCM President Anouar Kbibech told AFP . He said the CFCM wanted to use the anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks to \" highlight the values of Islam , to set the cliches about links to violence and terrorism \" .", "catches of cod , haddock and plaice have been increased , the government said . Catches of saithe , whiting and herring will be decreased in line with management plans . Talks between the EU and Norway agreed the catch for cod would be 29,189 tonnes , 5 % on 2014 . The increase will give UK fishermen an 542 tonnes and fishermen around 343 tonnes . A 6 % increase in the haddock catch to 40,711 tonnes gives the UK an 3,468 tonnes and fishermen than 2,500 tonnes . Scottish Fisheries Secretary Richard Lochhead said : \" I am there has been an increase in the quota of these stocks for year which is in line with the advice that the stocks are in shape . \" It is the agreement has been reached this year compared to the talks year and will provide certainty for the industry about opportunities in 2015 and avoids any delays to the commencement of fishing in the year . \" There is to be done to prepare for the discard ban which starts to come into force for fish from 2016 . This outcome will help these stocks continue to rebuild year while helping to minimise discards , and should provide a launchpad for establishing the following year 's quota under the ban . \" We look to the December EU fisheries council we will be highlighting that our vessels need to retain the number of days they can go to sea as any cut would be . \" UK Fisheries Minister George Eustice said the agreements were an \" result for the UK \" . He said : \" It sees UK fishermen getting a 5 % increase in their quota for cod - the rise in cod quota in two years . The increase is an sign that we are achieving our goals ; a fishing industry with fish stocks . \" The deal saw a 7 % rise in North Sea haddock and 15 % rise in plaice quotas . This is news for our fisheries of quota negotiations month I will be representing UK fishermen . \"", "The Dufton Europa plane crash landed in a field in Maidwell on Thursday afternoon . Emergency services were called to the field , but found an plane . Ambulance crews found the pilot Iain McKay and his wife , of Houghton Regis , Bedfordshire , at the The Stags Head , they had walked after the ordeal . Simon Nixon , the manager of the pub , said : \" A lady came in her with her husband . It was until she ordered a drink ( ) that she said she was a bit up because she 'd had a plane crash . I asked if she was and she had a bit of a cut to her arm . than that she seemed . \" It 's you have plane crashes people are to walk . \" An duty policeman alerted the ambulance crews of the couple 's whereabouts . An East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said an ambulance and an air ambulance went to the accident at 16:30 BST . \" Both patients were found from the aircraft and were checked over by the doctor but did require any treatment ,\" she said . The Air Accident Investigation Branch has to comment .", "Fly-half Sexton and flanker O'Brien have both recovered from calf injuries and should be at Murrayfield . Sexton was injured against Castres on 20 January but is said to be \" feeling \" about his recovery . , Munster wing Andrew Conway has been ruled out after aggravating an existing groin problem . Ireland playmaker Sexton has the chance to cement his starting spot , provided he comes through Tuesday 's session . Ulster 's Paddy Jackson will start for Joe Schmidt 's side if the Leinster star is ruled out while Munster 's Ian Keatley has joined the squad as cover for the time being . \" Johnny 's making progress and he 's on track to train on Tuesday ,\" said Ireland team manager Paul Dean . \" I think everything is , he 's being about it . \" O'Brien has completed the rehabilitation on his calf issue and was expected to take part in Monday afternoon 's training session . Full-back Rob Kearney says Ireland remain by his Leinster team-mate Sexton 's quest for fitness . Sexton battled hamstring trouble before the turn of the year , with this calf problem proving another hurdle . Kearney labelled injury doubts \" par for the course \" in any Test week , tipped Sexton 's understudy Jackson to thrive if pressed into service from the start in Scotland . \" We 're all to it ,\" said Kearney , of battles for fitness . \" On a basis , than , there 's someone going or . \" Someone picks up a niggle or they 're , so the coach does risk them . The way Test rugby is , it 's par for the course . \" Paddy [ Jackson ] has been all week running the plays . He 's than and he 's got a week . \"", "Mr Opstelten had said the trafficker was paid than he was for money confiscated by the state . He said details of the payment - authorised by Mr Teeven as prosecutor - had been lost , but this was . The resignations are a blow to the party as it faces an election . Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven are both from the wing of the party , which faces a challenge from Geert Wilders' Freedom Party in elections this month . The resignations are expected to place a strain on the Liberal 's coalition with the Labour party , which has been of Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven . The justice minister had claimed that a convicted drug trafficker , Cees Helman , was paid than the compensation of 4.7 million guilders - \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2.1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m ; $ 2.3m ) in terms - that he in fact received . He said that the details of the payment had been lost . On Monday , , Mr Opstelten said a record of the transaction had been found . \" This information could have been found ,\" he told reporters . \" I take responsibility for this and have offered my resignation to the king . \" The payment was made after the authorities were to prove that money they had confiscated from Helman had been obtained . Mr Teeven , who was a prosecutor at the time , had authorised the settlement . The payment was . , both ministers said the misinformation had made their positions , Reuters news agency reports .", "Forfar are seven points of Arbroath , who move above Elgin City by beating them 3-2 . Edinburgh City extended their league run to seven matches with a 0-0 draw at Clyde 's Broadwood Stadium . Montrose won 2-1 to Berwick Rangers , while Stirling Albion beat Annan Athletic to move off spot . Fraser Mullen 's free-kick gave Cowden the lead against Forfar , but Lewis Milne headed the visitors level . Swankie 's strike of the day gave his side the lead , for Mullen to convert another free-kick . Kris Renton 's strike put the hosts in front , Josh Peters fired Forfar and Swankie 's shot in stoppage time settled the match . There was drama at Gayfield , Elgin moved into a lead through strikes by Brian Cameron and Chris McLeish . Bryan Prunty headed Arbroath into the match and set up Steven Doris to equalise . The hosts had Dundee United defender Jassem Sukar sent off for a booking and Elgin 's Thomas Reilly suffered the fate . There was a twist in the tale as Keiran Stewart fouled Colin Hamilton and Doris converted the penalty . It was an spot-kick that gave Annan the lead at Forthbank Stadium , Max Wright scoring after Ross Smith had impeded Aidan Smith . Darren Lee Smith 's strike and Ross McMillan 's header turned the match in Stirling 's favour in the half and Dylan Nguene Bikey fired Albion 's clinching goal 15 minutes from the end . Ryan Ferguson and substitute Jonny Court netted either side of Michael McKenna 's leveller as Montrose claimed their win over Berwick , with all three goals coming in the half .", "The park authority 's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing . , it added that the developer 's three planning applications for the project were \" deemed to meet with a range of planning policies \" . Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd , part of the Tulloch Homes Group , had sought approval for the scheme . The housing project has been going through the planning process for than 10 years . Among the planning committee 's reasons for refusal were that impacts had been assessed . squirrels , capercaillie and wood ants had been recorded in the area . Committee members were told the village 's Carr Road was as an access for the majority of houses proposed . Carrbridge , known for its century packhorse bridge , has a population of 700 people .", "Patients on two wards at University Hospital Llandough are suffering from the illness , which can pass from person to person . The hospital said the spread of the virus would be limited if people made visits . Cardiff and Vale health board said it was asking people to be \" \" . operating officer Alice Casey said : \" people will have the norovirus bug at this time of year - we see it every year and , for people , it will be but . \" But norovirus spreads in hospitals , patients are and are in proximity to each on wards , the effects can be . \" Norovirus is a virus which causes nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . The symptoms begin 12 to 48 hours after infection and last for between 12 and 60 hours .", "\" The gritters are travelling to workshops for maintenance , like getting a car serviced ,\" said a highways official . The \" \" season begins in October with \" \" starting in November . The county council said they had to think about the winter it was \" boiling \" . The fleet of than 40 vehicles covers about 1,865 miles ( 3,000km ) of roads including all traffic routes and selected A and B roads . Officials said the service was stood down in April but had to start . Richard Fenwick , from county council highways , said : \" The end of summer is a time , it is boiling we have to think about it . \" We have drivers go out during the day to make they know the routes , iron out any wrinkles . \" The authority said it had 35,000 tonnes of salt in stock and would expect to use 25,000 tonnes in an year .", "The way we work , play and live with robots is changing . In a series Ricky travels the country meeting the robots of the future and the scientists working on them . From spending a night in a robot house to getting a brain scan , Ricky finds out and our relationship with robots is changing , . Check out his report ...", "Although Gillian McCusker had fallen out with Rachel and Nyomi Fee before the two-year-old 's death she had been friends with the pair . She said she suspected any wrongdoing during the time she knew the Fees . The couple were convicted of killing Liam at his Fife home in March 2014 . They had blamed another boy for the murder . Ms McCusker said she would change a \" friends \" tattoo , that she had done with the Fees , so she would have a reminder of the women . She said : \" I was , everything happened . \" I looked out of my window and I saw a load of ambulances and I saw them standing in the street shouting ' help ' . \" I did know what to do at the time as we were talking . \" Ms McCusker said she regretted that \" nothing \" could be done that Liam was gone . Ms McCusker said that she went into the Fee 's house to feed their snakes they were on holiday in St Andrews there was \" nothing out of place \" to make her suspect the pair were doing harm . She said : \" They are going to be in jail for but they do deserve a place in prison because they are going to get everything paid for them and they are going to get every day of their lives . \" It 's because they are going to come out and they are going to have their lives to lead and Liam , is he ? . \" He 's got a life . it 's going to be , . \" She said there was nothing she could have done to stop the couple as she was there were any problems . The friend said she did think services could have done any to help the children .", "Specialist newsprint manufacturer Palm Paper has submitted the planning application in a bid to cut its reliance on imported energy . Due to its size , the application will be decided by the secretary of state of West Norfolk Borough Council . The plan includes a turbine . Palm Paper 's King 's Lynn mill began production in August 2009 and in January this year produced its tonne of newsprint paper . The company said generating its electricity and steam would help reduce its carbon footprint . The proposed plant would replace existing boilers . No concerns have been raised about air quality issues but an management plan is proposed . It would prevent construction work generating dust and emissions , which would constitute a risk to health or nuisance to people or industry .", "migrants were said to have relocated to accommodation in refitted shipping containers but some moved their tents inside the camp . Authorities want to clear the area to a motorway for security reasons . Riot police have been overseeing the operation which seemed to be happening without incident . The move is part of a housing project in attempts to improve conditions in the camp , which is used by 5,000 migrants and refugees . The 125 converted containers are equipped with electricity , heating and bunk beds , and each one can accommodate 12 people . Officials had given between 1,000 and 1,500 residents until Thursday to leave the area , but they were given a grace period until Monday . But migrants and refugees had refused to use the accommodation and moved their homes inside the camp , despite living conditions . feared they could be trapped at the camp , to continue their attempts to cross to the UK . Some expressed their unhappiness about leaving an area they have established a community , and are about their treatment by the authorities . \" This ( the container camp ) is the as a jail . It is ,\" one resident told the BBC . Volunteers helped residents to move their tents from the area in days . and officials want to reduce the number of migrants in Calais and deter others from arriving in the hope of reaching the UK .", "Essex Police said two boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed in Colchester between 18:22 and 18:31 GMT on Saturday . As a result , the force 's deputy constable approved use of powers to search people . The \" policing tactic \" was used for three hours to \" ensure order had been restored \" , the force said . A boy and an man from London were arrested , along with a man from Barking . Ch Insp Simon Anslow said none of those who were stabbed suffered injuries . \" This is a situation in any town and we are using the range of tools at our disposal to keep the majority of people , while making those on causing trouble will be picked up and dealt with ,\" he said . \" We will be pursuing a investigation to put all those we can find who are for this behaviour before the courts . \" The use of section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 gives officers the power to search people for objects and weapons without the need to have a suspicion . The powers were in force in Colchester town centre from 18:40 until 21:50 GMT on Saturday . Read on this and stories on the BBC Essex Live page Colchester MP Will Quince said he supported the force 's use of the powers in this instance . \" Their action in getting the section 60 order , which is a used piece of legislation , means they can stop anybody without cause to check if they have a weapon within a time frame - I applaud the police for doing that ,\" he said .", "The proposed deal would combine the and cable operators in the US . Charter is buying Bright House Networks , another cable operator , for $ 10.4bn . The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers in 41 states . Charter will pay $ 55bn in cash and stock for Time Warner Cable , with the balance of the $ 78.7bn valuation coming from TWC 's debts . US cable companies are facing competition from service providers as Amazon and Netflix , as customers choose to stream films and television shows over the internet at a time of their convenience . Cable companies are responding by trying to cut costs and improve the quality of their shows . The merged cable giant will compete with US cable market leader Comcast , which has about 27 million customers . Charter 's takeover move comes a month after Comcast abandoned its plan to buy Time Warner Cable fearing pressure from regulators . The deal is to come under scrutiny , and the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) issued a statement . \" The FCC reviews every merger on its merits and determines whether it would be in the interest ,\" FCC chairman Tom Wheeler said . \" In applying the interest test , an absence of harm is . The commission will look to see consumers would benefit if the deal were to be approved . \" The merged company would be than Comcast , which serves about a third of US broadband customers , said analyst Craig Moffett of Moffett Nathanson Research . \" One has to be about risks that this deal could be rejected ,\" he added . Liberty Broadband , which owns about a quarter of Charter , is expected to own about 20 % of the company . The deal values Time Warner Cable at $ 195.71 per share .", "The Night Wolves had planned to enter week as part of a ride across Europe to commemorate the anniversary of World War Two . Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz had called the plan a \" provocation \" . The Night Wolves' vice-president , Felix Chernyakhovsky , has insisted the bikers intend to make the trip . \" Everything remains the . We 're starting tomorrow as planned ,\" he told Interfax news agency . The Night Wolves are to US sanctions for alleged involvement in Crimea and for helping to recruit fighters for rebels in Ukraine . Russia 's ministry said it was \" \" at Poland 's decision . The Night Wolves' planned road trip through Poland stirred controversy because of the group 's association with Vladimir Putin and its support of Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and separatists in Ukraine . They are viewed in Poland as the \" Kremlin 's Hells Angels \" . The day after news of the trip appeared this month newspapers illustrated the story with a photograph showing a , president riding an Harley-Davidson Lehman Trike with the club in Crimea in 2010 . A Facebook page entitled \" No to the bandits' ride through Poland \" garnered support from than 10,000 people . The page 's co-host Jarek Podworski , a biker from Krakow , told me the Night Wolves were motorcycle enthusiasts but criminals , some of whom had taken part in the fighting in Ukraine . , he added , Poles remembered the occupation of Poland . Warsaw has been a critic of Moscow 's actions in Ukraine . The ministry said three biker groups would be allowed into the country . But it said it was notified of the group 's plans on Monday , and without details of the route or number of participants . The ministry added that it had informed the embassy in Warsaw that the lack of information meant \" it could ensure security for the participants \" . , Russia 's ministry said in a statement : \" It is that the decision that was taken has a motive . \" The Night Wolves intend to cross countries , following a path taken by the Red Army in World War Two , with the aim of arriving in Berlin in time for 9 May Victory Day celebrations in Moscow . The 6,000km ( 3,720 mile ) road trip would take them through Russia , Belarus , Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Austria , before reaching Germany .", "The 32-year-old had been in form but made a century to inspire his side 's fightback after England made 629-6 declared in Cape Town . \" I believe I can be of value as a focused batsman and player at this time ,\" said Amla . AB de Villiers will lead South Africa in the Test in Johannesburg , which starts on 14 January . After his appointment as successor to Graeme Smith in June 2014 , Amla captained the world number one side in 14 Tests . He won four and drew six but came under pressure during a 3-0 series defeat in India . Amla said he had considered quitting before the start of the series against England , who won the Test by 241 runs in Durban week . Until his marathon effort at Newlands , Amla , a veteran of 90 Tests and 7,108 runs , had hit a Test century since December 2014 . \" I feel a lot of the criticism that Hashim has faced in the couple of weeks is ,\" said South Africa coach Russell Domingo . \" He is one of South Africa 's players . There has been respect shown of his achievements as a player . \" De Villiers had raised doubts about his future in cricket during the Test because of his workload , and handed over wicketkeeping duties to Quinton de Kock for the match . The 31-year-old , who leads the one-day side , said : \" It is an honour to captain South Africa in any format . The captaincy has come at notice and is the realisation of a dream . \" At the moment my priority and focus is placed on leading this team to what can be a series win against England . This Test squad is motivated and to turn our performances around and I 'm looking to taking up that challenge as captain . \" England captain Alastair Cook was to learn of Amla 's resignation . \" You 're under pressure as a captain for a lot of the time ,\" said Cook . \" It 's someone steps down because to captain your country is a honour and a privilege . \" He 'll have his reasons and I wish him all the - he 's a guy . \" Cricket South Africa executive Haroon Lorgat said Amla \" had a role to play in shaping the success of our team \" . He added : \" He is that type of a person and we are to have him in our stable . \" I want to thank AB for accepting the challenge of rebuilding our Test team as we seek to remain the team in the world . \"", "Forecasts were for growth of between 0.5 % and 0.7 % . statistics showed that household consumption expenditure boosted the growth numbers . But economist Shane Oliver told the BBC the numbers were \" below potential \" . On an basis the economy expanded 2.3 % , beating expectations for 2.1 % . growth in the March quarter of 2014 was 2.9 % . \" The March quarter GDP [ product ] growth was than feared a days ,\" said Mr Oliver , who is economist with AMP Capital in Sydney . \" , Australia is out of the woods , as growth at 2.3 % is below potential , and a 0.8 % percentage points of the 0.9 % growth came from inventories and trade . \" He said demand remained \" with consumer spending and home construction offsetting the ongoing slump in mining investment \" . \" the economy has crashed - as had feared would happen after the end of the mining boom - but it is continuing to grow at a sub par pace ,\" he added . Australia 's economy has been adjusting to a mining-boom landscape . It saw its economy grow 0.5 % in the October to December 2014 period from the quarter , growth was 0.4 % . On Tuesday , the country 's bank , the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) , did cut its lending rates to help boost the economy , despite pressure from businesses to do . The decision saw stocks fall 1.72 % as investors saw hope of a cut in the future . , Evan Lucas from IG Markets in Melbourne said \" the collapse of [ stocks ] on the back of the RBA having an easing bias ... was a bit of an overreaction \" . In May , the RBA cut its lending rate by 25 basis points to an all-time low of 2 % . Rising property prices in Australia 's city , Sydney , a currency and a drop in iron ore prices were among the reasons for the cut . The May rate cut was the this year , following a 25 basis point cut in February and followed action from banks in China , Canada , Singapore , Korea and India . A rising dollar had been cause for concern , for Australia 's mining and energy exporters . Mr Oliver said help would to be required \" in the form of an dollar - and to ensure this happens the RBA may have to cut interest rates into territory . \"", "But the summer visitor is in decline and , according to a study , its habits may be to blame . Scientists have tagged birds leaving the UK and believe they take two routes on their journey to spend the winter in Africa . , survival is on the route via Spain , they report in the journal , Nature Communications . And this suggests that migration - as factors as loss of farmland and food - may be to blame for the cuckoo 's decline . than half of cuckoos in the UK have been lost over the 20 years , according to the British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) in Norfolk , which led the research . \" That pattern of starting in the place but taking two routes to get has been seen in any birds , to the of our knowledge ,\" said researcher Dr Chris Hewson . \" We need to understand the cycle of a bird in order to understand its population decline . \" Facts about the cuckoo Source : British Library / RSPB / BTO Since 2011 , the BTO has been satellite-tracking cuckoos to study their migration patterns they leave the UK . Working with the University of Copenhagen , the research institute used satellite tags to track 42 cuckoos from the UK population during than 50 autumn migrations . The researchers found that birds from declining populations were to migrate to winter breeding grounds in Africa along a route ( through Spain ) than along an route ( via Italy and the Balkans ) . The mortality occurred before reaching the environment of the Sahara desert , despite the fact that the route is a tenth at this point . The scientists think birds may have encountered drought conditions in Spain . , they may have been deprived of insect food as caterpillars before leaving the UK , leaving them with fat stores for their journey . bird species are threatened around the world due to factors including climate change , habitat change and habitat loss . birds ' lack world protection ' Understanding mortality occurs during their cycles is , for land birds , which show some of the population declines , say the scientists . Follow Helen on Twitter .", "Donaldson , 41 , moved to eight under par at Barseback Golf and Country Club to lead from Italy 's Renato Paratore . Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin , who was tied for the lead on Thursday , are a stroke in Malmo . \" I made some escapes and the chipping and putting has been ,\" said Donaldson . \" I 've got to keep doing the things , do think about winning tournaments as because it 's two rounds in . \" Donaldson , who is looking for a European Tour title , carded five birdies and his bogey of the week to take the lead . \" I 've been playing some golf and been to put it all , the couple of days I 've been to do that ,\" added the world number 256 . Orrin , who secured a season on the European Tour via the qualifying school , had shared the lead with Paratore , but the 23-year-old could add a level-par 73 to his 68 . He and Storm , who is seeking his win of the season , are joined in tied by France 's Benjamin Hebert .", "There are five clinics in England for victims of the practice , which affects an estimated 200 million women and girls . But there is no provision in Wales . charity Bawso is working to open a pilot clinic at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary to provide and help to survivors . In 2014-15 Bawso supported 788 families affected by FGM in Wales which , according to the World Health Organization involves \" the or removal of the genitalia or injury to the organs for reasons \" . Bawso 's violence against women director Dr Mwenya Chima said : \" In the UK there are women 's clinics for women who have had FGM , for and help . Survivors can walk in and ask for help . \" But in Wales we do have any of that . We are trying to make a case to health agencies that we need to have this kind of clinic , if it is for one day a week for a year to see if there is a demand . \" Dr Chima believes there is a gap in the support provided , and that survivors of FGM in Wales are known about . She said : \" I worked with a women - a survivor of FGM - who wanted help as she was having problems . Although she wanted help she was in two minds about having anything done as she was going against her parents . \" We tried to get her help from the clinic in Bristol , but there were delays because she was outside the area , so in the end it did happen and she is living with these problems . \" The call comes as the world marks the day of zero tolerance to FGM - a event to raise awareness of the issue . Although it has been to carry out FGM in the UK since 1985 , there have been no prosecutions relating to the practice , which is carried out for and reasons in communities .", "Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders visitor centre in Jedburgh . It comes of a number proposals , which are at stages of the planning process , to open the region 's distillery since 1837 . Lead distiller Kate Macinnes said the potential to make the Scottish Borders a \" region of distilling excellence \" was \" \" . \" Our gin production is on a scale to the distilleries in development ,\" she said . \" Our is one of the production stills in the UK , and our operation fits into a cowshed , but if people like our gin , that 's all that matters . \" We have a abundance of food on our doorstep in the Teviot valley , and Lilliard Gin aims to capture that and convey a sense of the flavour palette and our Borders ' terroir '.\" John Henderson , of Born in the Borders , said the gin distillery was a companion to the Scottish Borders Brewery on the site . \" To be to play host to the distillery in the Borders in 200 years is ,\" he said . \" And the fact that Lilliard Gin are looking to use Borders botanicals means they are in tune with our ethos of sourcing . \" We ca wait for them to get started , and to taste their gin . \" The gin takes its name from a Borders figure . \" Lilliard was the heroine of the Battle of Ancrum Moor in 1545 , fought of the distillery ,\" explained Ms Macinnes . \" Lilliard fought to avenge the death of her lover at the hands of the English . The battle site is known as Lilliard 's Edge . \" We wanted a name that reflected our landscape , and our production team , and Lilliard seemed like a choice . \"", "About half of the John Player factory in Radford , built in 1895 , has been torn down in a series of controlled demolitions . The decision on whether to erase it will be made by its owners and insurers . firefighters have said the blaze at the landmark , which was being converted into student accommodation , was the they had dealt with . damage has the fire done to the city 's landscape ? Maria Erskine , curator of community history for Nottingham City Museums and Galleries describes the site as \" \" in terms of the and history of the city . She says the factory was envisaged in the 1880s and was the remaining one commissioned by John Player himself . \" Radford was an area before these factories were built , so it showed the growth ,\" Ms Erskine said . \" It was built after Radford Boulevard was laid down and it was the building up of Radford , that 's it was . \" Players built three factories in the area , though they needed one . It was used by the lace-making industry before cigarette production began in 1903 . Players' factories featured ceilings and windows . of the company 's buildings were demolished the Horizon factory was built to meet the firm 's production needs in Lenton in the 1970s . \" Players relocated because they could build in Radford as there was housing and that 's there 's been a erosion of these buildings . \" The firm 's advertising took off through slogans as \" Player 's Please \" , which was registered in 1924 . Player 's sponsorship of sporting events as motor racing , tennis and rugby in the half of the Century helped it become a household name . The Lotus Formula One team was sponsored by John Player from the 1960s until the 1980s . In 2009 , the city council and the University of Nottingham began an archive of than 20,000 objects from the firm 's history . The items include adverts , packaging and enamel signs from the 1890s to the 1980s .", "Dale Merza , 20 , is charged with hazing after the alleged attack October on Andrew Seely , 19 , at Central Michigan University . Mr Seely , who was sleeping at the time of the incident , sought treatment for swelling . The accused could get 93 days in jail and a $ 1,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 800 ) fine if convicted . Mr Merza 's representative told the Detroit Free Press his client , who was charged on Friday in Isabella County District Court , was . \" This case has been blown way out of proportion by the individual 's family members , who were and do have any of the facts ,\" lawyer Bruce Leach told the newspaper . It is an induction ritual meted out to members of the US college men and women 's clubs known as fraternities and sororities , but to recruits . The practice can include violence , coercion , forced alcohol consumption , or and \" pranks \" as forcing people to eat vile food mixtures or consume amounts of water . It is in US states , amounting to a misdemeanour charge , unless there are injuries . There has been a crackdown on hazing after deaths including that of Florida A & M University drumming student Robert Champion . is hazing ? Mr Seely was targeted at an fraternity house , Alpha Chi Rho , which was sanctioned in 2011 for hazing incidents . His mother , Teresa Seely , wrote about the alleged hazing in a Facebook post in March , saying : \" He could have been killed . \" The accounting student told his family what had happened months . He blamed the incident for his decision to leave the college . The teenager 's father , Paul Seely , told CBS News his son could have been killed if the peanut butter had entered his mouth . The Seely family said their son had made to members of the fraternity that he had a peanut allergy , for which he carries medication . The National Fraternity of Alphi Chi Rho condemned the incident , saying it did condone behaviour . \" Alpha Chi Rho is and upset by the actions taken by individuals against Andrew Seely ,\" said its statement .", "A media campaign had proposed giving Halti mountain summit to Finland for its birthday year . The border between the two countries runs up the mountain near its peak . But Prime Minister Erna Solberg said that she had had to turn down the idea because the country 's constitution prohibited any sacrifice of territory . Part of Halti mountain is in Finland - and forms its point - but the peak is 20m ( 66ft ) across the border inside territory . Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit , at 1,330m ( 4,363 ft ) , to Finland , saying the change would be on the map . They had argued that the peak \" would be a gift to our sister nation \" to mark its independence from Russia , and a loss to Norway , which has peaks . The campaign 's Facebook page got 17,000 likes , with support from both sides of the border . But it hit upon an issue . \" Border adjustments between countries raise challenging problems , among them linked to the constitution ,\" Ms Solberg wrote to Svein Leiros , the mayor of the town of Kaafjord in Norway , who supported the campaign . Norway 's 1814 constitution stipulates that the country is \" \" - and an area the size of a football pitch can be split off . \" We will consider another gift to Finland on its anniversary ,\" the minister added .", "Mr Tillerson , head of Exxon Mobil with no experience , said in an interview he was \" \" with the invitation . \" I did want this job . I did seek this job ,\" he told the website Independent Journal Review ( IJR ) during his visit to Asia . \" My wife told me I 'm supposed to do this . \" In the interview , Mr Tillerson said he had been to retire this month after spending than 40 years at oil giant Exxon Mobil . He turns 65 on Thursday . \" I was going to go to the ranch to be with my grandkids ,\" he added in the interview , as he returned to the US from Beijing . Mr Tillerson said he had met Donald Trump before his election in November . he was invited for a conversation with the president-elect , he thought they would talk \" about the world \" given his experiences at the oil company , he added . \" he asked me at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state , I was . \" Mr Tillerson gave the news to his wife , Renda St Clair , who said : \" I told you God 's through with you . \" He added : \" My wife convinced me . She was . I 'm supposed to do this . \" It was Mr Tillerson 's interview since he took office and correspondents say he has kept a profile at the state department . He came under criticism after the state department press corps was taken along with him on his trip to Asia . The IJR 's Erin McPike was the reporter allowed to travel with him . The state department said this was because of the size of the plane . But in the interview Mr Tillerson said : \" I 'm a media press access person . I do need it . \" I understand it 's to get the message of what we 're doing out , but I think there 's a purpose in getting the message out there 's something to be done . \" Mr Tillerson has been criticised for his ties with President Vladimir Putin . But the subject came up in the interview , the IJR said : \" He was Russia came up , for example , that his answer was of inclusion . \"", "Suffolk side Needham Market FC were heading to Folkestone they hit a jam on the M20 in Kent on Saturday . As reported on the Ryman Football League website , they were approached by a woman who was for her wedding . Club secretary Mark Easlea said they wanted to know if she got to the church on time and to congratulate her . news from Suffolk Despite posing for the photo with the bride-to-be - who appeared to be in spirits though her journey to her wedding had been disrupted - it appeared none of the men had asked her what her name was , she was from or she was going , Mr Easlea said . \" Everyone had got out of the coach and was sitting at the side of the road in the blistering heat , she wandered and said ' Lads , can I have a photo with you on my wedding day ?' . \" She was as everyone and we 've no idea she kept the groom waiting at the altar , but we 'd love someone to contact the club and tell us who she is , as we think she brought us luck ,\" he said . The Ryman Premier League side beat Folkestone Invicta 1-0 they kicked off an hour than planned . The M20 remained closed until Sunday after the bridge collapsed on Saturday lunchtime after being hit by a lorry carrying a digger . Two cranes cleared the debris from the road which is the route to the Channel Tunnel . A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs he threw himself from his bike to avoid hitting the fallen bridge but nobody was injured .", "The 18-year-old from Birmingham was detained after arriving in the UK on Saturday morning . It follows the arrest of a man and woman , both from Birmingham , on 4 April , who are on bail , West Midlands police said . It is in connected with five terror arrests on Friday linked to attacks in Europe , the force confirmed .", "It is hoped models of three soldiers - each depicting one of the regiments - will be cast in bronze and displayed at the Arboretum in Staffordshire . The Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association said a \" amount \" of the \u00c2 \u00a3 140,000 cost had been raised . A fundraising appeal has been launched to raise the remaining money . Mike Richardson , of the Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association , said the sculptures would be a \" salute \" to the families of those people who served in the three disbanded regiments , \" in the operations during peace time but in the two devastating world wars \" . Paddy King-Fretts , who served in the 2nd Battalion Dorset Regiment , completing three tours in Northern Ireland , said the statues \" mean a lot \" . \" I 've been to the National Memorial Arboretum three times and the names of my soldiers that fell are engraved on the walls , but it 's to have something to compliment that and for the rest of the nation to see and ponder about ,\" he said . The sculptures will be created in Andover , Hampshire , before moving to the Arboretum in Alrewas - the UK 's site of remembrance .", "John Coyle tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow 's Easterhouse , but left after the worker shouted to her mother who worked . The High Court in Glasgow heard that Coyle 's \" \" hair could be seen on the footage . The 43-year-old , from Cranhill , will be sentenced in the year . It emerged Coyle had served a number of jail terms for crimes . He had been released after being jailed for a robbery in 2009 before the attack in October .", "The coins , which are known as groats , were discovered by metal detector Tom Crawford January . They were buried eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge . Experts believe they are part of a hoard of coins found by Mr Crawford in the field in 2001 . The collection was dispersed over time through ploughing . This was Mr Crawford 's time at a treasure trove inquest . He said his success was about \" knowing to go \" and \" having a idea of to look \" . \" There is chance of finding something you know people would have been living 1,000 years ,\" he added . He said discovering artefacts was a \" \" feeling . \" It 's the money , it 's the fact that you are the person to touch something in 700 years ,\" he said . \" I found a bronze axe 10 years and it 's the idea that something has been hidden for and you get to see it and touch it . \" curator at the Ulster Museum , Robert Heslip , said the hoard of coins was buried near a landmark - a Rath ring fort . The person who left them may have died before reclaiming them . He said finds like this one are because they are to a time and to this part of Northern Ireland . \" You find nothing like this in the south of Ireland and they peter out in the west ,\" he said . \" There have been a cluster of these sorts of finds in Ulster . \" The coins will be sent to the British Museum in London for valuation . It is thought they are between \u00c2 \u00a3 50 and \u00c2 \u00a3 100 each . They will be offered for sale and any profit is split between the finder and the owner of the land the treasure was uncovered .", "Caitlin Ruddy had been with a group of teenagers on the north pier at Cullercoats Bay on Saturday evening . Northumbria Police said she was rescued from the side of the bay by a member of the public . Caitlin died in hospital after suffering a arrest . Her mother , Sabrina Cook , said she had lost her \" everything \" . Mrs Cook has warned people \" to take water for granted , because it is \" . \" I 've lost my daughter through it ,\" she said . \" She was , she was my everything , she was my friend . \" Caitlin 's friends and family have been paying their respects at Cullercoats Bay , writing messages in the sand and leaving flowers . A RNLI lifeboat , a Coastguard search-and-rescue helicopter and police were called to the scene at 20:00 GMT . Caitlin was taken to Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital in Cramlington . Another 15-year girl , and a boy and girl both aged 14 , were taken to hospital as a precaution but were , police said . Ch Insp Paul Knox issued a warning that \" people can be taken by the strength of the waves \" it is and . \" People should be around water and if the sea is looking with waves pounding on to the pier , we would advise people to be and keep their distance ,\" he said . A Cullercoats resident who witnessed the rescue operation said the weather had been \" freezing \" . Newcastle University lecturer Clare Guilding said the beach was a place for teenagers to congregate . \" It was 2C , but once you get out on the front it was , ,\" she said .", "The scooter Danny Glass was riding on with Sophie Emma Rose Anderson collided with a truck in Phuket on 8 May . Mr Glass , 29 , from Margate , escaped injury . he and the lorry driver Natt Awut Timsue are to be charged with causing death by driving , Thai police said . Mr Glass - who lived in Thailand with Ms Anderson - is to hear the charges on Thursday and a translator has been called in for the hearing . His family is expected to attend . Ms Anderson , 41 , from Blackpool , was a video blogger , as was Mr Glass . She had a YouTube channel called Sophie 's Joy Breastfeeding Mama , on which she uploaded videos about nursing her son until the age of eight . After her death Mr Glass paid tribute to her in a video he uploaded on YouTube . He said he \" missed her \" and added : \" Somebody wake me up from this nightmare ... she is meant to be having my baby in three months . \" On Tuesday he posted another video titled ' will I come to Youtube ' , in which he stated he would be posting any videos for \" a while \" and did know he would return . He said : \" It 's the time at the moment , I need to get my life in order and get through this death . \" A Foreign Office spokesman said : \" We are in contact with the police and are providing support to a man following a road traffic accident in Bangkok . \"", "Leonie Granger from Gillingham , Kent , was sentenced at the Old Bailey having been found of manslaughter . Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson , 28 , and his friend Nicholas Chandler , 29 , were found of murder and jailed for life with a term of 36 years . Granger targeted Mehmet Hassan , 56 , in a Mayfair casino in March year . Judge William Kennedy described the attack as \" and \" , adding : \" It was an act of brutality which defies reason and compassion . \" Granger 's lawyer Orlando Pownall said she took part in the plot as she was in love with Jackson and \" fell in with his desires \" and \" regretted \" her actions . \" Her head was turned by Jackson , who she loved , and to some extent by Chandler who was and ,\" he said . But Judge Kennedy said she had been \" from the outset \" and had \" lost her sense and compassion \" she got involved . He added that she cared for Jackson than he cared for her . Granger , who posed under the name of Rachel , was wined and dined by the divorced father of three who boasted to friends he was paying her to be with him , the court heard . On the night he was killed , Mr Hassan had taken Granger to the Nobu restaurant before giving her \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 to gamble with at the Palm Beach Casino . The two were seen kissing by a poker supervisor , before leaving the casino for Mr Hassan 's flat in Islington . Granger let Jackson and Chandler into the poker player 's flat before leaving in a taxi . Both men tied up Mr Hassan with parcel tape and a neck tie before kicking and stamping him to death , the trial was told . , while he lay in a pool of blood , all three were filmed on Granger 's phone throwing \u00c2 \u00a3 50 notes around a room and stuffing them in their underpants . Commenting on the footage , Judge Kennedy told the three defendants : \" The eloquence with which it speaks about you is deafening . \"", "Shaw will be joined on the 18 July flight to Los Angeles by England World Cup squad member Wayne Rooney . Spain 's Juan Mata and David De Gea are named , plus Japan 's Shinji Kagawa . \" We are to have such a travelling squad for our tour to the United States ,\" said manager Ryan Giggs . United have confirmed manager Louis van Gaal will be , though he could be involved in the World Cup final with Netherlands , five days before his squad leave Manchester . Van Gaal 's side have a minimum of four games in the US , starting against Los Angeles Galaxy on 23 July and including an International Champions Cup programme against Roma , Nemanja Vidic 's club Inter Milan and Real Madrid .", "The systems , at Kentucky Methodist Hospital , Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , California , are running . None of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom . And the cases are being investigated by the FBI . The Kentucky Methodist Hospital had to shut down all of its desktop computers and activate a back-up system . A message on its homepage said : \" Methodist Hospital is working in an state of emergency due to a computer virus that has limited our use of services . \" We are working to resolve this issue , until we will have access to services and communications . \" It said no patient data or care had been affected . Fred Ortega , a spokesman for Prime Healthcare Services , which owns Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , said : \" It did cause disruptions of our IT systems . \" , of the systems and the infrastructure has been brought . \" The attack comes weeks after it was revealed Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Centre in Los Angeles had been attacked by ransomware . In that case , it paid $ 17,000 to get access to files . Kentucky Methodist Hospital information systems director Jamie Reid named the malware involved as Locky , a bug that encrypts files , documents and images and renames them with the extension . . The way Locky gets itself on machines is via a spam email with an attached document that looks like nonsense and advises readers to enable macros \" if the data encoding is \" . Once the malware is downloaded , it sends a message to desktops with instructions about users can pay to have files unlocked . In November , a report from Intel 's McAfee labs said the number of ransomware attacks was expected to grow in 2016 . Security expert Brian Krebs said : \" It 's a bet that as ransomware attacks and attackers mature , these schemes will become . \" I worry that these attackers will take a bit time to discern the data they 've encrypted is , and the victim might be to pay to get it back . \"", "Media playback is supported on this device Our mission is to inspire , empower and motivate our community in the pursuit of feeling BodyPositive . And we 'll be with you every step of the way as you enjoy and celebrate being YOU . We 're of all the things that make us and we reckon that by embracing our differences we can make our lives - and inspire someone along the way . We 'll be bringing you the in the world of health & fitness , wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty to inspire you to enjoy this year the way you want . And we want you to share your lives with us by tweeting , posting , sharing , snapping and chatting your way through the six months . Stay and join our body brigade ! On January 27 , we 'll be getting and with R1 's Gemma Cairney with a takeover of The Surgery with Gemma and Dr Radha , what is it you want to talk about ? you 've hidden something about yourself for years and are to tell the world . you 've got a secret your friends and family do know . The chances are , you 're . We 've got stories and it 's time to share them . We 're looking for life tales of you 've overcome something that embarrassed you , or made you feel or . It could be anything from a scar to a fear or a condition that you think people do understand . We 'll back your story up with advice and enable you to share your experience with a community of people who are like you . And you 'll be the inspiration for someone . Drop us a email with an idea of what you want to talk about along with your contact details . We 'd love to hear from you . If you are 16 or 17 we may need permission to include contributions .", "The diners , who had paid a deposit of \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 900 ($ 950 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 770 ) , left the El Carmen restaurant in Bembibre as dessert was to be served , Antonio Rodriguez said . \" It happened in the space of a minute ,\" he said . \" It was something they had planned and they left in a stampede . \" The diners owe \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2,000 , he said . Mr Rodriguez gave police the details on the reservation but said he held out hope of being repaid . Police told El Pais newspaper they had been to contact any of the diners . The diners had consumed starters , a course and 30 bottles of drinks , he said , adding that it was the time in 35 years of working in the restaurant trade that he had seen seen anything .", "There were 70 reports during the lambing season this year compared with 45 over the time year . Police Scotland said the crime , which involved dogs chasing farm animals , had been under-reported . It said 60 % of this year 's incidents were detected and the dogs' owners reported to the procurator fiscal . of the offences reported were in Aberdeenshire , Highlands and Islands and Lanarkshire . Sheep were the animal affected . animals involved included horses and cattle . In 79 % of incidents , livestock were killed or injured , and on this involved two or three sheep per incident . incidents - 70 % - involved one dog and in 73 % of cases the offending dog was to that area , with than half of all incidents involving a dog roaming and no owner was . Insp Jane Donaldson , Police Scotland 's crime co-ordinator , said the rise in reports followed a campaign encouraging farmers and crofters to contact police about livestock worrying incidents . She said : \" Livestock worrying has been under-reported . \" Farmers were to report incidents to police , there was a ' miss' and no damage was done to their livestock . \" A part of the spring campaign was to get this message out to farmers and encourage them to report all incidents and I think that this is reflected in the increase in reported crimes . \" reporting has improved our understanding of the problem , increasing intelligence about the , and these incidents are occurring . \" Anne Gray , policy officer with Scottish Land and Estates , said : \" We are with this year 's campaign has been and we will continue to support the initiative going . \" It is that livestock worrying incidents are reduced . \" No-one wants to see this type of suffering and the the profile of these incidents the , we hope , it will prompt the minority of dog owners to change their ways and ensure they know their dog is at all times . \"", "Ocon , 20 , is contracted to Mercedes , Force India 's engine provider , and has been racing for Manor in the half of this season . He replaces German Nico Hulkenberg , 29 , who has moved to Renault , and will be alongside Mexican Sergio Perez , 26 . \" Spending half a season at Manor Racing has given me some experience and I feel for this ,\" said Ocon . \" It 's something I 've been working towards my life and I intend to grab this opportunity with both hands . \" I want to say thank you to everybody at Manor and to Mercedes-Benz for their support and belief in me . I ca wait for 2017 and my season racing in Formula One . \" Ocon joined Manor for the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August and has impressed as the season has progressed . Both he and Manor team-mate Pascal Wehrlein are contracted to Mercedes' junior driver programme . Ocon 's results for Manor have been the finishes he secured at the Belgian Grand Prix and at month 's Malaysian Grand Prix . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "A Care Inspectorate report has found that some staff at Kingsmead in Kingswells were treating people with \" dignity and respect \" . Some residents had lost weight , with concerns being raised that their needs were being met . The report said that in some incidences , people were being treated like \" objects \" . The report said one service was \" \" and the dining experience for people was \" \" . It said management and staff displayed knowledge of needs . The report called for improvements , including staff development . Mike Best , group managing director of Mead Medical Holdings , said they were concentrating on reducing the number of agency staff , increasing the number of staff and looking at raising standards in the way they operated . The home can provide care for up to 55 people , and up to 10 adults with learning disabilities .", "19 June 2017 updated at 08:45 BST But what if your pooch does understand what you 're saying ? Well , about , if your dog understood a language ? Ricky has been finding out about one dog who was having some language issues .", "Mark Mason , 48 , of Rhyl , Denbighshire , was stabbed to death in the car park of the town 's Home Bargains on 27 October . James Davies , 20 , was convicted of murder , and Anthony Baines , 30 , and Mark Ennis , 30 were convicted of manslaughter at Mold Crown Court . Jake Melia , 21 , admitted the charges and the four will be sentenced in June . Davies , Baines and Ennis , all from Liverpool , denied murdering Mr Mason . They denied wounding Justin Trickett and Sam Illidge - who were in the vehicle as Mr Mason - with intent to inflict harm . Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge were stabbed in the attack , but their wounds were . Baines was found of one count of wounding , but Davies and Ennis were cleared of those charges . Mrs Justice Nicola Davies remanded all three in custody until sentencing , which she said would take place over three days . The trial heard the attack was the result of a turf war which had erupted between two gangs over the control of the drugs trade in Rhyl . Paul Lewis QC , prosecuting , told the trial Mr Mason , a father of two , was \" and stabbed \" by the three defendants and Melia as he sat in the seat of a van in the car park . He was stabbed 22 times in than a minute . The four killers were members of the \" Pensarn Crew \" , called \" Ste 's Crew \" , Mr Lewis said . Mr Mason , Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge were members of \" Mark 's Crew \" , or \" Marco 's Crew \" - although it was suggested Mr Mason was the leader . \" The attack appears to have been an act of retribution on the part of the defendants and Melia ,\" said Mr Lewis . Jurors were shown CCTV footage of a Renault van near The Cob area of Rhyl on the afternoon of 27 October which showed the van being stopped by a BMW 4X4 . Shouts of \" stab him \" and \" kill him \" could be heard . The prosecution said the killing was retribution for an incident Melia and Davies were said to have been chased by masked men while drug dealing in the area .", "Akpan , 25 , was dismissed in the minute of Rovers' 2-1 Championship defeat by Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday , 14 February . The Nigeria international denied the charge , which was upheld by an commission . Rovers were fined \u00a3 5,000 for their players' response to the incident . He has missed one game as part of the ban , with Friday 's game against Burton included , leaving him with two games to serve .", "The 21-year-old is to face Macclesfield on Saturday . Port Vale player Jefford has made 27 appearances for Welling this season . \" Ben is a player that we feel is a league player ,\" Rovers boss Jamie Day told BBC Wiltshire . \" He has gained some experience . \"", "The hosts lost both openers , as Nick Gubbins was caught off the bowling of James Tomlinson , and Sam Robson edged Tino Best to Jimmy Adams . But Voges and Malan 's stand put Middlesex on top , before Malan edged Liam Dawson to slip for 147 . Voges remained at the close on 128 alongside John Simpson ( 28 ) as Middlesex finished the day on 342-3 . Middlesex 's partnership leaves them in position to claim their win in the County Championship this season , having drawn all six of their games . Voges' ton , his of the season , came off 200 balls , taking the Australia batsman beyond 13,000 runs in his career . Malan was in dismantling Hampshire 's bowling attack , hitting 17 fours and two sixes before getting dismissed attempting to drive a Dawson delivery . The visitors could take positives from their performance , but they will remain of salvaging a draw from the game , with weather forecast for Tuesday 's day .", "Croydon NHS managers have decided to withdraw NHS prescriptions for formula feed to help reduce budget deficits . Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) said the plan could save the NHS thousands of pounds per year . Mother Sarah Rose said it was \" like taking milk from a baby \" as her son Sam depended on it . Richmond Clinical Commissioning Group is consulting about withdrawing formula prescriptions and the consultation runs until 3 February . It said : \" It is proposed that GPs provide infant formula milk , thickened formulas or formulas for intolerance on prescription as these are to buy from community pharmacies and supermarkets at a cost to formula . \" People who might be affected include those with cow 's milk protein allergy and reflux disease , it warned , but it calculated this would provide a saving of \u00a3 386,000 per year . formula milk costs about \u00a3 10 for a week 's supply and is in supermarkets and chemists . Miss Rose , a school support assistant and mother-of-two , said Sam had a prescription for the formula that would cost \u00a3 40 for one tin that would feed him for two and half days . She said : \" The tins are half the size of milk formula so it works out at eight times the price . \" \" We have got a lot of money . This is me being , but it 's like taking milk from a baby \" , she said . \" We went to A & E before he [ Sam ] was diagnosed with this allergy at four months . He was screaming in pain all the time . He arched his back and started refusing milk . he 's a baby . I do want to go to that . \" An petition calling on the CCG to reverse its decision has attracted than 6,000 signatures and charities , as Allergy UK and Anaphylaxis Campaign , expressed their disappointment and urged a rethink . Dr Tony Brzezicki , Clinical Chair of NHS Croydon CCG said : \" We share the public 's concerns and we will do what we can to reduce the impact on the in our communities and to make funding is for those with the need . \" He said the prescriptions would cease in the coming months and families would be given notice of the plans before the change took effect . \" These are decisions but we need to focus our resources we can have the impact on people 's health and well-being ,\" he added .", "Vithiya Alphons , 24 , has myeloid leukaemia but her Sri Lankan background makes the search as people are on donor registers . She launched a media campaign to help find a match . Charity Anthony Nolan said 5,600 have signed up in the week . \" The impact of Vithiya 's appeal has been nothing of ,\" said Ann O'Leary , head of register development , at the charity . \" But Vithiya needs to find her stem cell match and there are people like her across the world who are waiting . \" We need to continue to diversify the register so we can find a match for all . \" Miss Alphons was diagnosed with the form of blood cancer after falling days after returning for her year as an optometry student at Cardiff University . She started feeling with sickness and a fever , while she had a pain in her leg , she went to her doctor for tests . She underwent chemotherapy in Cardiff before being to be transferred to a hospital in London , she is from . After her course of chemotherapy , Miss Alphons felt and thought she had beaten her illness . But tests showed the leukaemia was in her blood and doctors told her the option was a stem cell transplant from a donor , which is needed in the two months . Speaking to BBC 's Asian Network Miss Alphons said she is for all the support . \" I would like to say thank you to everyone who has registered and please , please do carry on registering because you can save my life and you can save 's lives . \" Please spread the word and help me to save my life . \"", "Choity Khatun , who is three , was born with twinning , meaning that part of a twin had developed in her pelvis . surgeons spent months working out to remove the limb and reconstruct her pelvic area . The toddler was brought to Australia from her village in Bangladesh by a charity , Children First Foundation . Dr Chris Kimber , head of surgery at Monash Children 's Hospital in Victoria , said Choity 's case was and the surgery had been \" \" . \" The operation is determined by the individual and you have to spend a lot of time trying to analyse what 's and plan a procedure that takes that into account ,\" he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . The team held discussions with doctors in Bangladesh , who had performed some surgery . The team had to determine whether surgery was or before she was brought to Australia year . Doctors in Bangladesh had removed part of the leg \" but she was left with a mass sitting in her pelvis between her two legs \" , Dr Kimber said . \" Because there 's part of a twin , she had two rectums , two vaginas , two anuses - bits that were growing into a area . \" After a planning process , the team embarked on the surgery in November . They removed the part of the leg that was left and carried out reconstruction work to ensure the girl was continent - something that will help her to function at home . Dr Kimber said the toddler , who is , was walking and running , and had put on weight . He said she might need surgery during her years but would be to return to Bangladesh with her mother \" without medication or aids \" . Her mother , Shima Khatun , told media on Thursday she was looking to going to her family and watching her daughter play . \" Everything is \u20ac\u00a6 she can play like babies\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she is the [ as them ],\" she said .", "The man , believed to be a national , was found injured in the hours of Wednesday at flats in Thurso Crescent . He died at Ninewells Hospital . A man was arrested on Thursday and has been charged . He is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Monday . Police have named the victim as they have been to identify him .", "The fire started at 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth , which contains 30 retirement bungalows . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said people had been rescued and evacuated from the burning building . Police said a body had been found within the property . An investigation was under way at the site . John Mills , head of Fife Council 's housing services , said : \" We were alerted to an incident this morning at an address Walter Hay Court . \" the fire has resulted in the death of an occupant and our sympathies are with their family and friends at this time . \" A Police Scotland spokeswoman said : \" Police in Fife are investigating following a fire at an address in Walter Hay Court , Rosyth . \" The incident happened around 10am on Friday , December 16 , a fire was reported . Police and emergency services attended , a body was found within the property . \" Police are undertaking a examination of the circumstances with the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . A report will be sent the procurator fiscal . \"", "The 34-year-old rejoined the New Lawn side in July 2016 and was as they won promotion to League Two season . He made 144 appearances in his spell with the club before spending the 2015-16 season with Gateshead . Mark Cooper has signed defenders Lee Collins and Callum Evans and midfielder Reece Brown as they prepare for their season in the Football League .", "The school principal from Dublin won 144 out of a 278 votes and was 98 of his rivals Sean Walsh and Frank Burke . Horan will take over from president Aogan O Fearghail in 2018 . \" Aogan is the president for the 12 months so I 'll support him and learn from him as I can ,\" said Horan at Croke Park . The candidates for the post were Martin Skelly with 22 votes while 20 went to Robert Frost . This weekend 's congress will be dominated by championship proposals in football and hurling . The plans put forward by GAA director general Paraic Duffy include completing the All-Ireland Senior Championships by the end of August . included is a round-robin format for the All-Ireland SFC quarter-finals , which would mean games . This proposal has proved in weeks . Both the Gaelic Players' Association and formed Club Players' Association have come out against Duffy 's plans , although for the reasons . , the reason for these mooted changes is to try and ensure games for club players but there is a amount of bafflement as to this can be squared with the motion to have a stage in the All-Ireland Football quarter-finals . The club players' body has been angered after the GAA 's brass refused to grant it a speaking platform at the Croke Park gathering . , that may change at gatherings of GAA delegates if a motion for the club players' body to be recognised is passed in Dublin . All the indications are that the votes on both the ' Super Eight football round ' and the proposal to bring the All-Ireland finals will be , with a majority required for the format changes to be tried for a period . To make matters , congress will hear a number of motions calls from the majority to be scrapped , with one call suggestion a majority and another calling for the figure to be lowered to 60 % . , those motions will require a majority to be passed . Going into the weekend , Croke Park 's desire for replays to be scrapped - in favour of extra-time - in all championship games bar and All-Ireland finals looks to be passed . At year 's congress , motions to move All-Ireland Finals to in the year and scrap replays were both defeated , although the finals proposal fell after getting support from 60.8 % of delegates .", "The Ibrox club have been linked with another bid to land the Jambos midfielder , having had offers rejected this summer . Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha watched Walker in action against Newcastle on Friday night . \" A lot of people continue to say a lot of things , and that 's it , there is a situation ,\" Cathro said . \" Jamie is , he is , he is training , playing . Like everyone . \" Walker , 24 , has turned down the chance to sign a Hearts contract , with his deal expiring summer . And while Cathro refused to comment on reports suggesting the club have improved their offer to the player , the head coach is about the winger 's situation . \" I talk to Jamie every day , on days , because he is a player I 'm of ,\" Cathro said of his side 's trip to face Elgin City in the League Cup on Tuesday . \" He is a talent , he is someone who at a point will move on to a league , a club and have opportunities to work towards the levels of the game . Of that there is no doubt . \" And I 'm to be playing a part in he progresses towards that . \" But , for , people are wasting their time . \" Walker made his Hearts debut in the 2011-12 campaign and has scored a total of 41 goals in 135 games for the Jambos .", "The Dutchman , 25 , led 6-5 before racing to victory and the \u00a3 60,000 prize with five legs . \" This is a tournament to win and a tournament , so I 'll enjoy this ,\" said the world number one . Wright defeated Phil Taylor at the stage and whitewashed Stephen Bunting in the four . But the 44-year-old from Mendham in Suffolk was to clinch his major Professional Darts Corporation title , losing to van Gerwen , who beat him in the 2014 World Championship final . \" It 's been a weekend and I think I ran out of energy in the , and Michael was ,\" said Scotland-born Wright . \" I 'm to have got to the and I 'm getting to a TV title . \"", "The 35-year-old has been released by Brighton & Hove Albion after they fell in their bid for promotion . \" if I drop down a division , I 'll feature , but it 's ifs , buts and ,\" the defender said of his future . \" It is up to me to keep and keep playing and see it takes me . \" Greer , who won his cap after starting in Saturday 's 3-0 defeat by France in Metz , has no idea he will be playing Scotland start their World Cup qualifying campaign against Malta in September . \" I 'll get something and I 'll be and for the qualifiers ,\" said the centre-half who did win his cap until he turned 32 . \" I am to anything . I would like anything with a opportunity teams are pushing for something . \" Greer had spent six years at Brighton after leaving Swindon Town but found himself out of Chris Hughton 's starting XI after January . Injuries led to a recall for their game of the season against Middlesbrough , a 1-1 draw denied Brighton promotion , and he retained his place for the play-off semi-final defeat by Sheffield Wednesday . The inactivity meant he was for game time against France despite being on the receiving end of a defeat . \" It was ,\" said the Clyde , Blackburn Rovers , Kilmarnock and Doncaster Rovers centre-half . \" They are a team , got a lot of players and we found it at times . \" But it was to go and get 90 minutes against some of the players in the world , so it was . \" Scotland had lost 1-0 to Italy six days and failed to fire a shot on target in either of the two friendlies against sides preparing for the Euro 2016 finals in France . Greer was one of those questioning the decision to play two teams at the end of a season . \" , as a footballer , you want to be playing against some of the players in a atmosphere because that 's what you train for all season ,\" he stressed . \" We 've got some players coming through and I think it was for them . \" France are at a stage of their preparation going into the Euros and everybody 's playing for places . \" We went and gave it everything , but we fell against a team . \"", "Born Eric Lubbock , he became Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962 he won a by-election with a 22 % swing from the Conservatives . He held the seat for eight years , moving to the Lords in 1971 he inherited the title of Baron Avebury . Lib Dem leader Tim Farron paid tribute to a \" Liberal \" , \" campaigner \" and \" internationalist \" . Lord Avebury : Obituary Mr Farron said the peer , who had been suffering from leukaemia , would \" be remembered for his commitment to fighting for causes as his by-election victory \" . \" He campaigned to lower the voting age , founded the rights group and fought for the rights of refugees and asylum seekers , taking up the cases of hundreds of individuals fleeing persecution . \" He was a internationalist , promoting rights around the world . The Liberal Democrats have lost a campaigner , a friend and a champion of the cause . \" A Buddhist , Lord Avebury was the patron of Angulimala , which promotes the teaching and practice of Buddhism in prisons . He campaigned on behalf of causes , fighting to remove worship in maintained schools . In 2009 , the National Secular Society named the peer secularist of the year , with Evan Harris , for his work on abolition of blasphemy laws in England and Wales . His biography on the Lib Dem website says he \" sought and won \" a battle with the official known as Black Rod to keep the right to park bicycles against the front of the Houses of Parliament . Keith Porteous Wood , executive director of the National Secular Society , said Lord Avebury had supported rights campaigns . \" His knowledge of affairs , of parts of the developing world , was to none . The and in these places have lost a champion . \" I have lost a friend . The nation has lost a rights champion . \"", "Two men were attacked in Ivory Blacks in Oswald Street , Glasgow , at 23:00 on Friday 14 October . month , officers released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with their investigation . Both men are described as and 25 to 35 . The is 5ft 8in with tattoo sleeves , and the is 6ft 2in with , hair . Police Scotland said the women may be to assist them with their inquiries . Anyone with any information about the incident or who recognises those shown in the images has been urged to contact the police .", "The Save Oxfordshire Children 's Centres Campaign \" baby blockade \" is against Oxfordshire County Council plans to cut the number of centres to save \u00c2 \u00a3 8m . Organiser Jill Huish said than 500 people were \" seen and heard \" they took part in the march through Oxford on Saturday . David Cameron had been invited to join the protest after saying he was \" \" by the cuts . The council has said it will continue to support the families in Oxfordshire . Under the proposals , the authority would replace 44 existing centres with eight \" children and family centres \" located in the areas of Oxfordshire . The PM wrote to council leader Ian Hudspeth month calling it \" \" and urging the authority to \" move in setting out its budget plans \" . In his response , Mr Hudspeth said the council 's grants from government had fallen and that it had made back-office savings . of the protest , Jill Huish , on behalf of the campaign group , wrote an letter to Mr Cameron saying : \" We welcome your efforts to help protect these services , like us you are losing confidence in government . \" \" Please join us in the streets ,\" her letter urged . \" Cameron ca plead . Let 's be , he is a constituency MP , he is the minister . \" It 's ... . we cannot keep mum and watch the 44 children 's centres in Oxfordshire be closed down ,\" she said . asked to comment on the letter , a government spokesperson said : \" There is scope for savings across government to be made by consolidation , disposing of property and joining up our services . \" The government continues to work with councils to help deliver these savings and protect frontline services . \"", "A teacher from London received \u00a3 185,000 after she slipped a disc in her back after she was knocked to the ground by two pupils . A member of teaching staff in north Wales was given \u00a3 100,000 compensation the chair he sat on collapsed . The NASUWTteaching union said it had won \u00a3 16,077,328 for members year . A Department for Education spokesperson said : \" School employers are for the health and safety of staff and pupils whether the authority , governing body or academy trust , and they must adhere to the Health and Safety Act 1974 . \" Teachers received payouts over accidents in the workplace , including a \u00a3 55,000 package for a member of staff in north-west England who tripped on a tear in the lino surface of her science classroom . She was diagnosed with back syndrome . NASUWT secretary Chris Keates said of the injuries would be reduced if employers \" took the welfare of staff \" and followed health and safety practices . She said : \" The consequence of negligence is careers , lives and health blighted and millions of pounds of money spent in compensation . \" , there is no incentive for employers to take health and welfare they witness the government cutting funding for inspection and failing to take steps to secure compliance with the law . \" Failure to respect the rights of employees and to comply with employment law is . \" Employers flout the law , but it 's the teachers and the taxpayers who pay the price . \" While compensation is , it can make up for the fact that teachers suffer and injury and cannot continue in their career . \" data from the NUT , which keeps its compensation figures , said there were two cases of injury compensation paid to its members year . One included a \u00a3 46,000 payout to a teacher who suffered \" injury \" following \" a campaign of bullying and harassment by leadership \" . Another NUT member was awarded under \u00a3 4,500 after she fractured a finger on a doorknob , causing her aches and a deformity . The union said it offered help in 130 cases year , including 71 involving activity and 57 in employment cases .", "Borthwick , 36 , left his role at the Championship side after 43 days . The England captain arrived at Bristol weeks into the season having helped Eddie Jones coach Japan . \" It 's kicked us because this has been about planning and waiting for Steve to arrive ,\" said Robinson . Borthwick was named forwards coach with Jones' England in circumstances week , with Bristol owner Steve Lansdown describing the Rugby Football Union as \" \" in their handling of the appointment . Robinson was forwards coach during England 's World Cup-winning era under Sir Clive Woodward before taking over as England head coach himself from 2004-06 . And , while he is unimpressed by the manner of Borthwick 's exit , he is England have made an appointment . \" I was to have signed Steve and I hoped he would be for than 43 days ,\" Robinson told BBC Radio Bristol . \" He is a quality coach and he will be a quality coach for England and I wish him all the . I know the England team will enjoy working with him . \" I 'm in the circumstance of it 's happened and it 's happened but I ca say and we have to move . \" Robinson , who has coached Scotland , says he will rush into appointing a replacement and has urged his forwards to handle the responsibility of Borthwick 's departure . \" It 's to the players to step up over the four months for us to achieve what we want to achieve ,\" he said . \" We have to focus on the couple of weeks , with games coming up against London Welsh and Nottingham . There is a lot to be done over the weeks . \"", "Exports fell 2.1 % compared with October , German 's Federal Statistical Office reported , while imports rose 1.5 % . , factory production fell by 0.1 % from October as energy production fell and construction activity decreased . The news follows order figures this week . \" Things are ,\" said Bankhaus Lampe economist Alexander Krueger . \" The situation , the Russia conflict and the uncertainty , is limiting growth ,\" On a adjusted basis , the country 's trade surplus shrank to \u20ac 17.7bn (\u00a3 13.9bn ) in November . Germany exported goods around \u20ac 95.8bn and imported goods valued at \u20ac 78.0bn in the month . In December , Germany 's affairs ministry said the country 's recovery was \" progressing at a pace . \" This is a batch of data . It pours water on hopes that the Eurozone 's powerhouse will drag its neighbours out of the gloom in the future . The figures do point to a renewed contraction in the economy . But they are with no acceleration from the 0.1 % growth that Germany recorded in the quarter of year , following a contraction of the magnitude in the three months . There were declines in and production , adding another layer of gloom to the picture . These figures provide a support to the view that the European Central Bank will embark on a programme of easing - buying assets government debt with created money .", "Richard Tyler , 44 , saw the Hawker Hunter jet go in a loop and come down as it crashed onto the A27 on 22 August . \" This is an award for the team because they did a job on the day . They 're all volunteers ,\" Mr Tyler said . Eleven men , ranging in age from 23 to 76 , were killed . \" We plan for these sorts of things , we hope it happens , it did , but the plans worked ,\" the event aid services manager for Kent and Sussex added . The Red Cross team worked alongside the ambulance crew on the scene , providing aid to the walking wounded . Mr Tyler , from Hawley , near Dartford in Kent , said : \" we could help all the people that were , but the 15 , [ or ] 20 people that walked into us we dealt with . \" We fed them onto the ambulance service for transport onto hospital . \" The jet crashed in front of a crowd , and Mr Tyler said they went on to help those in need who had witnessed it . Recalling the tragedy , he said : \" I remember thinking ' he 's ' , and a cloud of smoke and flame went up . \" , , I do remember any noise or explosion . I turned to control and said ' you need to put out a Code Red ' . \" At that point our incident plans kicked in . A Code Red means there has been a incident affecting the event . \" Mr Tyler said he was to have been recognised in the New Year 's Honours . \" In my 34 years [ in the Red Cross ] I 've expected anything like this . \" Mind you I expected to walk into that on that day . It 's for the team . \"", "They said this will amount to double the number of apprentices created each year - 28,000 . All parties are promising to create apprentices or schemes to get unemployment down . Labour highlighted its pledge to create 100,000 apprentices . The Lib Dems said they would fund their promise by moving cash from Jobs Growth Wales , the Labour Welsh Government 's existing job-creation scheme . Eluned Parrott , the Liberal Democrats' candidate for Cardiff Central , said : \" Providing skills training is to boosting our economy and helping people to build careers and get on in life . \" Labour 's evaluation report said that Jobs Growth Wales locked people into wages and that 73 % would 've found work without it . \" We all know this scheme is a failure , but Labour refuses to face the facts . \" The Welsh Liberal Democrats would invest in apprenticeships and training , which will give people skills and help them get on in life . \" On Labour 's policy , Deputy Skills Minister Julie James said Wales had \" one of the records in Europe \" on apprenticeships . \" This pledge is the step to ensuring that we have the skills base that projects like Wylfa Newydd and the South Wales Metro , will demand ,\" she said . \" That is voices within industry are about this pledge . \" Plaid Cymru has promised to created 50,000 apprentices , while the Welsh Conservatives say they will lift the 16-24 age restrictions on the Jobs Growth Wales scheme . It helps firms employ 16-24-year-olds for six months by covering the cost of the wage . The Tories aim to replace it with a scheme called Journeys to Work , to all ages , with jobs lasting for a year . UKIP say they back apprenticeships , along with options in post-14 education .", "The telecoms giant said in an emailed statement it was to retain access to the EU 's \" movement of people , capital and goods \" . It was to \" draw any conclusions regarding the location for the headquarters \" . But Vodafone said that it would \" take whatever decisions are \" . week , executive Vittorio Colao told the BBC - of the referendum vote - that Britain risked exclusion from plans for a market in services if it left the EU . Vodafone said in the email to media organisations that EU membership , including the movement of people , had helped drive its growth . The firm employs 13,000 people in the UK . It has an operating division at Newbury , Berkshire , but the group headquarters are in London . Vodafone said that 55 % of group profits in the year came from its operations , with the UK providing 11 % . The company is to start reporting its results in euros , than pounds . Vodafone said the framework spanning all member states , as freedom of movement , capital and goods , were \" to the operation of any business \" . The company said : \" It remains at this point of those attributes will remain in place once the process of the UK 's exit from the European Union has been completed ,\" it said . Vodafone said it would strengthen its and policy activities in Brussels \" to ensure the group 's businesses within the European Union continue to be represented \" . Vodafone is the company listed on the FTSE 100 , with operations in 26 countries . It employs 108,000 staff outside the UK . businesses have expressed alarm at the vote to leave the EU and the consequences of being part of the market . Business Secretary Sajid Javid hosted a meeting of business representatives on Tuesday to discuss the issues . Mr Javid said : \" The issue raised was the need to secure access to the market . While I am in any position to make promises , I assured everyone that my number one priority will be that in the negotiations to come ,\" he told a news conference after the meeting . After the meeting , the head of the CBI employers organisation said the government was \" a way \" having a plan . \" There are levels of and concern in the business community ,\" CBI Director-General Carolyn Fairbairn told reporters .", "Robert McNab was sentenced to three years in jail for downloading images of children , sharing them and sending messages . The 30-year-old admitted carrying out the offences between 2007 and 2016 at his flat in Greenock . He was given a licence , which means he will be monitored after being released from prison . Greenock Sheriff Court heard McNab , who has convictions for hoarding images of children and assaulting a girl , chatted to people on Facebook and WhatsApp using a name . He talked about abusing children and raping a baby . The sex offender , who is known as Robert Aitman , was found to have a stash of pictures and videos - including footage of babies and children up to the age of 14 being abused . Defence solicitor Gerry Keenan said McNab was the victim of repeated abuse he was a child . \" there are issues which would require to be addressed in the interest to minimise and reduce the risk of offending ,\" he said . He asked for McNab to be spared jail and said he would engage with a treatment programme for sex offenders . , Sheriff Derek Hamilton ruled that a sentence was required for such a \" \" case and jailed him for 35 months He was placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life .", "A man lodged a complaint with the Police Ombudsman 's Office for NI after the incident year . He said he had been arrested and that his home had been searched . The man said his wife was \" \" at finding police in the garden . He was taken inside his house and arrested in connection with a firearms offence which had happened the day , before being taken into custody at a police station . The man was released police realised he was the person they were looking for . a Police Ombudsman investigator examined police files , he found that the issue lay with an recorded date of birth in a handover information pack provided to the officer who organised the search . The officer who compiled the pack had recorded the name and address of another man of the name , but had added the complainant 's date of birth . The officer who co-ordinated the search said she had checked the details in the handover pack , but found no-one of that name living at the address . She searched for a address using the complainant 's name and date of birth , which resulted in his arrest and home being searched . The officer who recorded the date of birth admitted his mistake and \" apologised to the complainant and his family for the upset and annoyance which resulted \" . It said police \" tracked down the man , who was arrested \" . The Police Ombudsman investigator said \" the mistake had consequences for the man and his family \" . They said they had \" recommended that the officer should receive a sanction , and that has been imposed by the police \" .", "The duo , seeded , beat seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 6-3 2-6 6-4 . Garcia and Mladenovic claimed their Grand Slam title having teamed up this year with a target of playing at the Olympics . They have won titles in Charleston , Stuttgart , Madrid and Paris . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Media playback is supported on this device Wales led 13-12 at the break but Fourie du Preez 's try with five minutes edged it for the Springboks . Backs Tyler Morgan and Dan Biggar plus hooker Scott Baldwin joined Wales' list of injured players during the game . \" We do want to make any excuses . South Africa won ... and we were to win ,\" said Gatland . \" At the end of the day South Africa did what South Africa do . They got one chance and they took it and that was the result . \" Wales lost a trio of stars in centre Jonathan Davies , full-back Leigh Halfpenny and scrum-half Rhys Webb to injuries before the tournament began . Two centres - Cory Allen and Scott Williams - were forced out of action in the two pool games against Uruguay and England , with wing Hallam Amos joining them . Wales lost the Liam Williams - a full-back or wing - during their punishing pool match against Australia . Media playback is supported on this device Fly-half Biggar went off the field after a knock to the head before the scrum which led to South Africa 's try . The player remonstrated with WRU manager Prav Mathema and team doctor Geoff Davies , but Gatland backed the decision . \" That 's a call ,\" he said . \" They took him off the field for a head injury assessment ; it looked like he 'd got a bit of a knock , he looked on his feet . \" He felt that he was , but we support our team 100 % so there 's no issues on that from the coaching set-up . \" ' We knew it was going to come down to margins ,\" said a \" \" skipper Sam Warburton , who lamented what he felt was a end to the campaign . \" It 's a changing room - it 's to find the words , it 's all ,\" he said . \" It feels with two weeks of the competition left . We 've been since June and all those gruelling camps \u2026 it 's , done and dusted . \" Warburton praised the players who had come in to replace the casualties , saying : \" The guys who 've stepped in have done a job . This could be the World Cup for of us , but we go out with no regrets . \" Warburton was sent off in Wales' 9-8 World Cup semi-final defeat by France in 2011 , and after this disappointment said : \" I will be one of these ones goes our way . \"", "The airport is in competition with Heathrow to win approval for an runway . One of the guarantees is compensation for people living to the airport . Gatwick 's chairman Sir Roy McNulty said : \" These guarantees would mean Gatwick takes on the risks of building the runway . \" The Airports Commission is considering three options for expanding airport provision in south-east England and is to publish its findings in the summer . These options are a runway at Heathrow , lengthening an existing runway at Heathrow or a runway at Gatwick . Gatwick has \" guaranteed \" the project would be funded with no need for subsidy , that airport charges would be capped and it would bear the risks of the expansion plan . It has promised to compensate residents by \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 towards council tax bills if they are affected by level of aircraft noise , and said it would ensure that air quality targets were met .", "Pedro , 25 , had been training with the Cumbrians and impressed in reserve games against Barrow and Burnley . The wide-man has spent of his career in the league with teams as Feyenoord and Heracles , plus stints in Bulgaria and Romania . \" We 've seen to know that he adds something to the group ,\" said head of recruitment Lee Dykes . He told the club website : \" This is a chance for him to show everyone what he can do . \" Find all the football transfers on our page .", "The 37-year-old spent two seasons at Gresty Road between 2006 and 2008 . The Shrewsbury , Sheffield Wednesday and Tranmere Rovers forward , scored 11 goals for Bury season as they won promotion from League Two . Lowe , who has featured for the Shakers since 29 August , goes into the Alex squad for Tuesday 's trip to Colchester . Crewe remain bottom of the table following their 5-1 thrashing at home by Peterborough", "Eleanor Hawkins , 23 , from Derbyshire , was among a group of 10 people who stripped before taking photographs at the peak of Mount Kinabalu on 30 May . She admitted indecency along with three tourists , one and two Canadians , and was imprisoned for three days . All four have left the island . Noor Alam Khan Abdul Wahid Khan , the immigration department director of the state Sabah , told the BBC Hawkins left Kota Kinabalu for Kuala Lumpur at 17:35 time ( 10:35 BST ) on Malaysia Airlines . The three , national Dylan Snel , 23 , and siblings Lindsey , 23 , and Danielle Peterson , 22 , left on Saturday for Kuala Lumpur . Hawkins , whose sentence was back-dated to reflect time served , was fined 5,000 ringgit ( \u00c2 \u00a3 860 /$ 1,330 ) on Friday . She and her co-accused all admitted a charge of \" committing an act in public \" . Hawkins , who is from the Derbyshire village of Draycott , said she had been \" and \" . Prosecutors said the four tourists , along with six others , climbed the peak to enjoy the sunrise on 30 May and challenged each to take off their clothes and pose for photographs . The move caused offence in the region and was regarded as the cause of a magnitude 5.9 earthquake near the mountain , which is considered . The earthquake , on 5 June , killed 18 people , including children , and left hundreds stranded . Sabah state deputy minister Joseph Pairin Kitingan blamed it on the travellers showing \" disrespect to the mountain \" .", "Thieves stole a 5m ( 16ft 4in ) flagpole - with Union Jack - at some point over the weekend . this month , items intended for an day , including two generators , food and drink were stolen . year , a memorial to the thousands of crewmen who served in Bomber Command during World War Two was damaged by trespassers . Director of the centre Nicky Barr said it was \" \" . She said : \" I had faith in the race , but it has been diminished - I do understand someone would want to target a memorial . \" on this and stories from across Lincolnshire The Lincoln attraction is to honour the air crews' efforts with exhibitions , information and accounts from service personnel and survivors . The centre - set to open in September - needs \u00c2 \u00a3 2m in donations and events are being held to raise the cash . 125,000 Aircrew served in Bomber Command in World War Two 364,514 sorties flown 55,573 aircrew killed in action 25,611 killed flying from Lincolnshire 70 % of aircrew were killed , taken prisoner or injured Mrs Barr said fundraising efforts were being hampered by the break-ins . She said : \" Whether it was done as jinks , or whether there is a market for flag poles , I do know . \" The reality is the sacrifices made by these guys [ Bomber Command crews ] allows for the freedom whoever is doing this has got today . \" Officials have launched a petition in a bid to get funding from the government to complete the project .", "The news had been expected after the Cobblers' owner Kelvin Thomas paid HM Revenue & Customs tax it was he bought the club week . \" This is a step as we move ,\" said Thomas . \" We can focus on our review of the club and developing the plans . \" On Friday , the Cobblers' administration petition brought by Northampton Borough Council was adjourned to 11 December for a deal to be made between Thomas and the council . Thomas purchased the club from David Cardoza on Thursday and became chairman of the Cobblers . Thomas and the council have a memorandum of understanding in place over a \u00a3 10.25m loan to the club for redevelopment work at Sixfields Stadium , which would would see the debt wiped out , with the council acquiring land near Sixfields for development in return . Despite the uncertainty off the pitch , the Cobblers are in the League Two promotion places .", "On Wednesday , shares of power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film were suspended after falling 47 % , wiping out $ 18.6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 11.9bn ) from its market capitalisation . That was followed by shares of Goldin Financial , which fell 55 % on Thursday . Both firms had seen the price of their shares surge over the year . Shares of Goldin Financial , which is 70 %- owned by Hong Kong billionaire Pan Sutong , have jumped by than 400 % between September 2014 and March this year , according to Reuters . The firm had said that it was of the reason behind the jump in its share price . About half of Goldin 's value - $ 16.12bn - was erased on Thursday as shares fell . , Hanergy shares had risen since September before the sell-off began . The firm , controlled by billionaire Li Hejun , had issued a statement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Wednesday saying its shares had been halted from trade \" pending the release of an announcement containing information \" . Li has been considered one of China 's men on the back of his stake in Hanergy . Nicholas Teo , market analyst at trading firm CMC markets said he had noticed the drop in Hanergy 's shares because it had everyone \" scratching their heads \" . \" The company was to call a halt to the trading , but without any news , there is plenty of speculation and room for reaction to the downside if the trading suspension is lifted ,\" he said . \" after the drop , Hanergy 's shares are as some of the firms in that sector . \" David Kuo , executive of The Motley Fool Singapore backed the view that Hanergy shares were . \" Hanergy is involved in the solar-panel industry . Investors are paying $ 50 for every dollar of profit the company makes ,\" he said . \" expectation overtakes reality , reality wins . The market is experiencing a dose of reality . \" There has been speculation as to the reason the company halted trading , with Reuters citing an source as saying the firm is under investigation by Hong Kong regulators . Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) has declined to make a comment . reports said that Li , chairman of the firm , did attend the firm 's meeting in Hong Kong on Wednesday .", "The images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in June at the Gir National Park in Gujarat state . Officials at the park said they imposed a fine because \" the cricketer flouted the rules \" . Visitors to the park are allowed to leave their vehicles . Jadeja 's photos were posted days after Gujarat forestry officials warned of the dangers involved in taking selfies with lions , following a number of attacks . Wildlife officers say they will submit a inquiry report to their superiors . A.P Singh , forest conservator in Gujarat state , told AFP they \" had instituted a probe and called Jadeja for a statement ... but since he was , his father-in-law Hardevsinh Solanki gave a written statement on his behalf \" and paid the fine for him . Jadeja , 27 , was part of India 's team for the World T20 tournament . A photo posted on Jadeja 's Instagram account showed the cricketer pointing to a pride of lions behind him , with the caption , \" Family photo , having time in Sasan ( Gir ) # rajputboy # wearelions \" . A photo posted to the cricketer 's account showed him and his wife , Reeva , with a lion looking on in the background . The park at Gir is the place lions remain in the wild . The animals , which are than lions , were listed as in 2008 .", "Richard Walsh , 43 , was accused of attacking the two schoolboys , 12 and 13 , in Havant , month . He had been in custody at Belmarsh Prison in London . Prison staff found Mr Walsh in his cell on Sunday morning and , despite efforts to revive him , he was pronounced . A Prison Service spokeswoman said : \" HMP Belmarsh prisoner Richard Walsh was found in his cell on Sunday 19 July . Staff attempted CPR but paramedics pronounced him at 11.07am . \" As with all deaths in custody there will be an investigation by the Prisons and Probation Ombudsman . \" Mr Walsh , who was charged with assault and robbery in relating to the taking of a bicycle , had been to appear at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday .", "The advocacy group Glaad analysed shows seen or to be shown between June 2016 and May 2017 and counted 278 and LGBT characters . The number of characters has risen from seven to 16 this year . But Glaad bemoaned the fact that than 25 and characters died or were killed off . They include the characters Poussey Washington and Bea Smith , who met ends in Orange is the New Black and Wentworth . The report found a percentage of characters on broadcast television , thanks to shows like Empire , Luke Cage and to Get with Murder . Glaad 's We Are on TV study based its findings on scripted broadcast , cable and streaming series being shown or for which casting had been confirmed . Glaad 's president Sarah Kate Ellis said it was \" to see progress being made \" but said numbers were \" part of the story \" . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The election was called after mayor Lutfur Rahman was convicted of fraud and removed from office in April . He has been banned from standing . The Met Police said it was investigating 16 allegations of malpractice in relation to this election , including harvesting votes and the distribution of election literature . The list of Tower Hamlets candidates is :", "Chase signed for Tigers until the end of the season on Saturday , having left Championship side Leigh in May . The 30-year-old played for Tigers between 2009 and 2013 , before leaving to join Salford Red Devils . \" I 'm match because I 've had some time , but I 'm in the shape I 've been ,\" he said . \" I 've got a bit of work to do but you can get through anything if you 're . There 's some work to do , I 'm of that , but I 'm looking to it . \" Chase praised the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) for the support they offer players who are struggling with issues . \" It 's and it 's a credit to the RFL that they touch on it because a lot of the boys struggle with it ,\" Chase said . \" People should be of it because a lot of us boys have to go through a lot of things and we put on this bravado that we 're . It 's something that people like talking about because you feel and . \" But we go and we feel . It 's to get the message out that it does happen in our game , a lot of people do suffer from depression . \" you are in that place , you feel and , you have a lot of days and it 's . But you come through it , it 's an feeling . You feel . \"", "GB 's 2008 men 's relay team moved up from to after Russia 's Denis Alekseyev failed a drugs test his sample was retested . It had been suggested the medal ceremony could take place at the World Championships in London in August . But month 's Anniversary Games take place at London 's Olympic Stadium . A decision is to be made on Rooney and team-mates Andrew Steele , Robert Tobin and Michael Bingham will receive their medals . Rooney , 30 , told BBC Radio 5 : \" I do want to be distracted . I need to go to the World Championships and focus on that , so if we could get it done at the Diamond League , I 'd love that . \" There 's no way of getting to Beijing and doing it that way , but if we can go to an Olympic stadium and be in front of a crowd , that would be . \" But whatever happens , it happens , I ca wait to get on that podium . \" The International Olympic Committee has reallocated medals from Beijing after Alekseyev and compatriots Anastasiya Kapachinskaya and Inga Abitova tested for banned substance Turinabol . Britain 's women 's relay team have moved into the bronze medal position . Christine Ohuruogu , Kelly Sotherton , Marilyn Okoro and Nicola Sanders finished the race but have moved up to as a result of both Russia and Belarus being disqualified due to failed tests . The men 's Beijing medals are in the possession of the British Olympic Association and British Athletics but an announcement is to be made on they will be awarded . They could be presented at month 's Diamond League Anniversary Games , or at the World Championships in London in August . But , as the World Championships is an IAAF event , the IOC would have to give permission for any presentation to take place as Olympic medals fall under their jurisdiction . British Athletics does have possession of medals for the women 's 4x400m team as proceedings are regarding athletes in their race . Britons Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill , Jo Pavey , Sotherton and Goldie Sayers are among those waiting to receive Olympic and World Championship medals they were denied by drugs cheats . Sayers has told the Guardian she would be \" \" if she did receive her medal at the World Championships this summer .", "People with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink cups of coffee , a study carried out at the University of Edinburgh has found . It suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine . This causes it to stay in the body for and means those with the gene get the caffeine hit through coffee . One scientist working on the project said it suggests the \" drive to drink coffee may be embedded in our genes \" . The researchers studied the DNA of 370 people living in a village in Italy and 843 people from six villages in Italy . The subjects were asked to complete a survey including a question about cups of coffee they drank each day . The team found people with the PDSS2 DNA variation tended to consume cups of coffee than people without the variation - to one cup on . Researchers replicated the study in a group of 1,731 people from the Netherlands . The result was but the effect of the gene on the number of cups of coffee consumed was . The scientists said the change could be to the styles of coffee in the two countries . In Italy , people tend to drink cups as espresso whereas in the Netherlands the preference is towards cups which contain caffeine . Dr Nicola Pirastu , a Chancellor 's Fellow at the University of Edinburgh , said : \" The results of our study add to existing research suggesting that our drive to drink coffee may be embedded in our genes . \" We need to do studies to confirm the discovery and to clarify the link between PDSS2 and coffee consumption . \" The study is published in the journal Scientific Reports and was conducted at the universities of Edinburgh and Trieste , the Burlo Garofolo Pediatric Institute in Italy , the Erasmus Medical Centre and PolyOmica , a data analysis company based in Groningen , the Netherlands .", "Its parliament approved the sending of a invitation , which he has to accept before ascending to the throne . The revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej died on 13 October , plunging Thailand into mourning . The prince was expected to succeed his father , but officials had said he wanted to postpone it by at a year . The reason given was that he wanted to give the people time to mourn his father before he became king . Correspondents say Thailand was left in an limbo as the prince , the heir , should have succeeded his father . In the doubts have been expressed by officials over the crown prince can perform the role played by his father for 70 years . The monarchy occupies a place in Thailand 's order . King Bhumibol Adulyadej had been seen as a unifying figure amid periods of unrest , including during the coup in 2014 . The leader of Thailand 's parliament , the National Legislative Assembly , is expected to meet the crown prince in the days to invite him . Once the crown prince accepts , his succession would be announced to the public . But it is that will happen . Prime Minister Prem Tinsulanonda is standing in as regent . Thailand has had what might be called successions . The was 70 years , the King Ananda was found shot in his bedroom in circumstances . he died , an emergency session of parliament that night named his brother Bhumibol king . Despite speculation over the prospects of his sister Princess Sirindhorn , Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has been the heir to the throne since his investiture in 1972 . Thai succession law follows the principle of primogeniture , the throne should pass to the son of the reigning king , but it gives the king the discretion to name his choice . King Bhumibol wavered in his endorsement of the crown prince . But the crown prince 's decision to delay taking the throne has made this another succession which has departed from the script . His reasons are known ; mourning for his father would have been affected had he been anointed after his father 's death .", "The East Antrim MP had been considering putting his name after Nigel Dodds ruled himself out . Finance Minister Arlene Foster is the person to declare an interest and has the backing of a majority of the party 's elected representatives . Nominations to become the leader of the DUP close on Wednesday . Peter Robinson announced in November that he was standing down as party leader . On Tuesday , Mrs Foster said she was \" \" by the support she has received from party colleagues . Mr Wilson thought and about his decision and spoke to among others , party colleagues Mrs Foster and Mr Dodds . In the end he felt it would be in the interests of the party that he did put his name . He felt he wanted to make there was a transition and that means that Arlene Foster will be the DUP leader and the minister at Stormont . She said she looked to leading the DUP , if that was the party 's wish . Mrs Foster said she had hoped to work with Mr Dodds as a team . \" We will work as a team and that is my wish for the future ,\" she said . In a tweet on Monday night , Mr Robinson said he had \" received a nomination \" from Mrs Foster for the post of DUP leader . \" Arlene 's nomination was submitted with the support of over 75 % of those entitled to vote in the college ,\" he added .", "Thames Valley Police made the discovery after being called to the property in Iffley Road at 14:58 BST . They are treating the death as \" \" . The force said Iffley Road would be closed to drivers and pedestrians for a \" number of hours \" between The Plain and Circus Street . Officers are appealing for information from the public .", "China Nuclear Industry Huaxing Construction was fined $ 3m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.9m ) , the US Department of Justice said . The US has restricted exports to Pakistan since the country 's detonation of a device in 1998 . It marks the time a company has admitted guilt in a US export case . Nanjing-based Huaxing admitted to charges that it conspired to ship the epoxy coating through China to Pakistan 's Chashma II Nuclear Power Plant in 2006 and 2007 . Huaxing was building the site as part of a cooperation pact signed between Pakistan and China . A subsidiary of the company that made the coating , PPG Industries , pleaded in the investigation in 2010 .", "We know Bridesmaids director Paul Feig is rebooting the franchise , with Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy leading a cast . But the director of the movie has suggested it will be the start of a franchise . Ivan Reitman has told Deadline.com that he wants to \" expand the Ghostbusters universe \" . According to him , that will include \" films , TV shows , merchandise ... all things that are part of filmed entertainment \" . Nothing is confirmed but Channing Tatum is one of the names rumoured to be up for a role . Paul Feig 's Ghostbusters reboot is out in 2016 with Saturday Night Live 's Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon joining Wiig and McCarthy . , Sony Pictures , along with Reitman and star Dan Aykroyd , are thought to be setting up a Ghost Corps production company which would oversee the output . Reitman suggests that the Russo Brothers , who directed Captain America : The Winter Soldier , would direct what would be a Ghostbusters film . The writer would be Drew Pearce , who wrote Iron Man 3 and Mission Impossible 5 . Quoted by film website Deadline , Reitman said : \" Paul Feig 's film will be the version of that . He 's got four of the women in the world , and there will be surprises to come . \" Drew ( Pearce ) will start writing and the hope is to be for the Russo Brothers' window summer to shoot , with the movie coming out the following year . It 's the beginning of what I hope will be a lot of movies . \" If Ghostbusters does go down that route , it would be to the way Marvel has set out a schedule of interconnecting films . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Network Rail is doing work in the Chipping Sodbury and Alderton tunnels and building a platform at Bristol Parkway . The improvements will run from Saturday until 15 September . They will allow trains to run on the Great Western Rail mainline , including intercity express trains . For the duration of the works , those travelling between south Wales and London should note : For those travelling to and from Wales during the August Bank Holiday weekend from 26 August to 28 August : During the weekends from 23-24 September until 18-19 November , there will be improvement work affecting south Wales and Bristol Parkway services . Passengers are advised to check their journeys .", "Police say 540,000 people rallied in Barcelona , the capital of the region in Spain , while the rest gathered in four towns . But numbers were compared with year 's event , 1.4 million rallied in Barcelona . Spain has blocked attempts to hold a referendum on secession . Catalan president Carles Puigdemont had urged support for \" converting Catalonia into an state \" . Divisions have emerged between the separatist movement 's grouping in the Catalan parliament , the Together for Yes coalition , and its ally , the CUP . Mr Puigdemont , who took power in January , faces a confidence vote on 28 September . He advocates a negotiated withdrawal from Spain . Catalan nationalists held an referendum on independence in November 2014 , 80 % of those who voted backed independence . Sunday is the \" Diada \" , Catalonia 's day . It commemorates the moment in 1714 Barcelona fell to troops to Spain 's King Philip V during the War of the Spanish Succession . \" We have to move towards the outcome ,\" 58-year-old office clerk Xavier Borras , who planned to attend the rally in Barcelona with a friend , told AFP news agency . \" We ca wait . \" Spain 's leading parties , deadlocked in their efforts to form a government after two elections since December , have shown sympathy for grievances . The region of 7.5 million people makes up 16 % of Spain 's population and accounts for 19 % of GDP .", "The prince visited the Mants'ase Children 's Home in Maseru , Lesotho . \" cheer ! Despite it being 32 degrees , someone gave out Christmas hats and one found its way on to my head ,\" he wrote . \" All the children , orphaned for one reason or another , loved the hats and balloons . \" Prince Harry was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work with children , many of whom have Aids or have become orphans because of the disease . He was photographed participating in the building of Mamohato Children 's Centre . This will give and support to people affected by HIV and Aids . The prince visited a Mamohato Network Club in Maseru and said : \" These are children who have had the chance to talk about their illness , and who had no idea that they were one of in their age group . \" It was watching them interact with each . Some outgoing kids , others , but all with smiles . \" This confirmed to me that what we 're doing is going to change thousands of children 's lives , and save a generation . \" Prince Harry revealed his love of photography and shared some images that he had taken . \" I have enjoyed photography and the challenges that come with trying to capture the shot , although I do take photos ,\" he said . \" The photos I have are in my head - I have some memories , from Africa . \" But on this visit , I had the time and opportunity to be on the side of the camera and take some photos in the country of Lesotho for my charity , Sentebale . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Operators as Uber and GrabTaxi will have to register with the country 's Land Transport Authority . Under the regulations , fees charged by the booking apps cannot exceed those of taxi companies . The measures will be enforced from the quarter of year , the government office said on Friday . \" To ensure that taxi services remain to all members of the public , bidding and pre-trip tipping for taxi services will be allowed ,\" the LTA added in a statement . city-state Singapore is among the places in the world to own a car , with commuters relying on taxis to get . The popularity of taxi booking services has surged in the city of 5.4 million people , during business hours . Uber has expanded in Singapore offering services as UberExec and UberX cars , along with a service to book taxis . The company said the rules would affect its services , because it has partnerships with limousine and rental car companies . \" We appreciate that the LTA has acknowledged the benefits our technology brings , and like Uber , is putting the interest and safety of consumers and drivers ,\" said Uber 's manager of Southeast Asia , Mike Brown , in a statement to Reuters . The San Francisco-based company has faced protests around the world by taxi drivers who are against its services , which allow people to become taxi drivers by using their cars .", "27 December 2016 updated at 09:00 GMT German Shepherd Finn was injured one October morning while protecting his handler from a suspected robber . The seven-year-old fought for survival , helped every step of the way by his handler PC Dave Wardell . BBC News looks at his recovery captured the hearts of thousands and inspired a petition calling on the government to re-think the laws surrounding injured police support animals .", "Fire crews were called to a property on Robertson Road before 07:30 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said crews had used breathing apparatus as they tackled the fire . officer for Moray and Aberdeenshire , David Rout , said : \" Our thoughts are with the family . We will investigate the cause . \"", "Police said the attackers - three men and one man - were motivated . The victims were . Protesters have been gathered since 25-year-old Jamar Clark was shot during a struggle with police on 15 November . People who claimed to witness the incident said that Clark was handcuffed , though police dispute this . Around two dozen tents and canopy shelters have been erected around the Precinct police station . Demonstrators have barricaded the roads with wood and pallets and lit campfires . According to complaints , the four men went to the camp on 23 November . After a group of protesters attempted to escort them , eight shots were heard . The city 's mayor , Betsy Hodges , said the camp has become and has asked people to disband their protest . These request have been rejected by protesters , who have vowed to continue camping out despite weather and attacks . One of the shooting victims , Wesley Martin , said they refuse to leave . \" They can have the street . We can take the sidewalk ,\" said Martin . \" To be , we 're going . \"", "Speaking to the BBC , Thomas Thabane said he would return from South Africa , which surrounds Lesotho , \" as I know I am going to get killed \" . Reports say the capital , Maseru , is after soldiers seized buildings . The army denied staging a coup . Lesotho has seen a series of coups since independence in 1966 . Mr Thabane has headed a unity government since elections in May 2012 , but suspended parliament sessions in June amid feuding in his coalition . He denied accusations that his actions had undermined his government . Mr Thabane said the army had rendered the government \" \" , an action that amounted to a coup . \" I have been removed from control by the people but by the forces , and that is ,\" he told the BBC 's Newshour programme . \" I came into South Africa this morning and I will return as my life is in danger . I will go to Lesotho to get killed . \" South Africa 's government described the situation as \" \" , with spokesman Clayson Monyela saying the country would tolerate \" change of government \" . At the scene : Basildon Peta , Maseru , Lesotho This thing started around 03:00 . There were gunshots since morning . The city is . People are playing it within their homes , but there is a media blackout . To all intents and purposes it is a coup with the aim of ousting the minister . There can be no reason of soldiers behaving the way they have been behaving than to seize power . we have no reports of killings . It would be to call it a coup attempt . But I am going to stick . The chances are the situation may deteriorate . One does know what is going to happen . Basildon Peta is the publisher of the Lesotho Times The army is understood to have acted after the minister attempted to remove its chief , Lt Gen Kennedy Tlai Kamoli . The army said the general was in charge , saying the military \" supports the elected government of the day ,\" Reuters news agency reported . A spokesman , Maj Ntlele Ntoi , denied staging a coup , saying : \" There is nothing like that , the situation has returned to normalcy ... the military has returned to their barracks . \" , troops were seen on the streets of Maseru and there were reports of gunfire . Radio stations were taken off air and phone lines were cut , although reports suggested they were working . Sports Minister Thesele Maseribane told the AFP news agency that troops had surrounded State House , a government building .", "The incident at Neil McEvoy 's office took place on Thursday morning . The AM said no valuables were taken but files had been \" gone through \" . He said metal bars had been cut to access the property at Cowbridge Road East . South Wales Police said an investigation had been launched . \" For a period , there has been a campaign of harassment against me ,\" the South Wales Central AM claimed . He said that than 12 months his home had been \" ransacked \" , with paperwork taken . Mr McEvoy said that in the hours of Thursday \" the criminals involved went through two doors , down a lane , removed a screwed in wood cover on the window , cut through a PVC window frame and cut through metal bars to get in the window \" . \" , valuables were ignored in the office , but drawers were broken into and files gone through in the office which was alarmed . \" , they could gain access to the part of the office without tripping the alarm . \" \" I put in place safety procedures for staff at the end of term , because I am of cages being rattled ,\" he said . \" Some people would like to silence us , but this intimidation has added to our motivation . \" A South Wales Police spokesman said that the break-in was reported after 09:00 GMT on Thursday . He said that investigations were and that no arrests had been made . A Plaid Cymru spokeswoman said : \" Neil McEvoy has been the subject of two break-ins , one at home and one at his office . \" Plaid Cymru is supporting him and his staff at this time and is that the police establish whether these intrusions are linked . \" All elected representatives and their staff deserve to operate in a way without fear of harassment or intimidation . \" The National Assembly is working with Neil and his staff to ensure their safety and security , and we urge that this continues. \" \u00e2 \u20ac \u017d", "The 50m ( 150ft ) pylons would run from Carlisle to Heysham , Lancashire , to connect a \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn power plant at Moorside , Sellafield , to the grid . Power Without Pylons and Friends of the Lake District say the National Grid is \" ignoring \" demands for the cables to go in \" landscapes \" . The National Grid said it \" recognises the importance \" of the area . The campaign walk is taking place from Black Combe the pylons will be , to the National Park 's costal boundary and across the mouth of Duddon . Graham Pitts , chairman of Power Without Pylons , said : \" This is a decision . These pylons are going to be for the rest of this century . \" I do think people appreciate two things - one , the view is around , and two , these pylons are going to affect it by their size . \" The Lake District is being put as the UK 's nomination for World Heritage status . A National Grid spokesman said : \" We have made a decision on and the connection will be built . \" building connections for generators , we strive to avoid designated landscapes . this is , we work with stakeholders and communities and carry out consultations to develop a proposal which achieves the balance between protecting the environment and ensuring everyone has an electricity supply . \" A consultation is expected to take place in the year , with the plans submitted to the planning inspectorate in 2017 .", "National Guard troops are pulling out of the city . The curfew was put in place on Tuesday , after protests over Freddie Gray 's death turned . Six police officers are facing charges over the death , which has been ruled a homicide . They deny wrongdoing . Gray was arrested on 12 April , and died a week from injuries sustained in the back of a police van . Under the curfew , residents were ordered to stay from 22:00 until 05:00 , and officials had been expected to keep it in place for another day . But on Sunday morning , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she did want to maintain it any than was . \" My goal has been to have the curfew in place a day than was ,\" the mayor wrote on her Twitter account . \" I believe we have reached that point today . \" Protests in Baltimore have continued since looting and arson erupted on Monday night - which prompted the deployment of the National Guard . the demonstrations have been since . Maryland Governor Larry Hogan said the state of emergency in the city would be lifted until the soldier had left . Correspondents say the charges against the officers - ranging from manslaughter to murder - have eased tensions . The charges were announced on Friday by the city 's prosecutor Marilyn Mosby . But a lawyer for the six officers insisted they had done \" nothing \" . Police have admitted that Gray , 25 , was secured in the van by a seatbelt and that his requests for attention while being transported were denied . Gray 's death is the in a series of killings of men at the hands of police in the US which have sparked rioting and debate . What we know about Gray 's death Is Baltimore starting to heal ?", "Quinn , 30 , is for Sunday 's Scottish League Cup semi-final against Celtic . He was on the bench in the Dons' third-round defeat by Hibernian but did feature . Following spells at Motherwell , Cardiff City and Doncaster Rovers , Quinn spent a season with County before joining Aberdeen summer . He has made than 360 appearances and was capped by Scotland 's Under-21 side in his career . For all the transfers check out our transfer deals page .", "Petersen was at the close on 105 , with captain Steven Croft on 34 , as the Division One leaders ground out 298-3 from 96 overs in the day . Teenager Haseeb Hameed fell 11 of a Championship ton on 89 , while Luke Procter made 45 . But the century stand between Petersen and Croft put Lancs on top . Having put on 100 , they will resume on Monday with a batting bonus point looking a formality - and 14 overs to get a . But , if they maintain their pace of scoring , the Division One leaders will reach 400 by the time the 110-over mark is reached . Hameed followed up his hundred against Warwickshire at Old Trafford week by taking five hours over his 89 . But it was surpassed by the hundred of Test player Petersen 's career . Lancashire cricket director and head coach Ashley Giles told BBC Radio Manchester : \" We were what to do we turned up this morning . The pitch had a tinge to it but in the end we decided to toss up and to opt to bat . \" We knew that pitches at Lord 's have been in times so we went with that , and it worked out for us . \" Both Alviro Petersen and Haseeb Hameed batted . We are to have a number of youngsters who have come into the team and are performing but we need our players to pull their weight and Alviro did that . \" We did expect to be leading the First Division at this stage , but there is a way to go . \"", "The emails confirmed the Trump camp 's interest in receiving help from the government to discredit opponent Hillary Clinton during the campaign year . The Dow Jones was at 21,409.07 and the S & P 500 edged 0.08 % to 2,425.53 . The Nasdaq rose 0.3 % to 6,193.3 . Wall Street has climbed this year , in spite of some moments stemming from unease over the fate of the Trump administration and prospects for its agenda . Markets sank in May amid a furore over US President Donald Trump 's firing of FBI Director James Comey , who had been investigating ties between the campaign and Russia . That investigation is . On Tuesday , a rise in oil prices helped lift energy stocks , as Exxon Mobil , which climbed 0.6 % . But bank stocks lost ground of the release of earnings this week and a day after the US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unveiled a rule making it for customers to file lawsuits . introduced a The rule forbids companies from requiring that people use an , process to resolve disputes as part of the contract for their credit card and bank accounts . Bank of America and Citigroup shares fell 1.2 % on Tuesday , while Wells Fargo dropped 1 % . The rule may be as it comes amid a push by the White House and Republicans in Congress to make the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . Senator Tom Cotton , a Republican who represents Arkansas , said on Tuesday he would file legislation to undo the rule .", "But there are plenty of options to choose from , including Olympic gold medals , world records and election to Parliament . 1979 - Three world records in 41 days As a distance runner , Sebastian Coe claimed a number of UK records and had begun to show talents as an athlete by 1979 . But the year marked an milestone - 22 - he broke the 800m , one mile and 1,500m world records within the space of 41 days . He was the person to hold all three records at the time . He won Sports Personality of the Year . 1980 - First Olympic medals Coe will be remembered for his Olympic success . In 1980 , amid rivalry with runner Steve Ovett , he won gold in the 1,500m in Moscow . He took silver in his race - the 800m - finishing to Ovett . 1984 - Second Olympic Gold Despite spending months fighting illness , Coe returned to the Olympic track in Los Angeles four years and became the man to win 1,500m golds , beating Briton Steve Cram into ( Ovett failed to finish the race ) . Coe was beaten into in the 800m by Joaquim Cruz . 1992 - Enters Parliament After retiring from athletics in 1990 , Coe pursued a career in politics and was chosen to fight the Falmouth and Camborne constituency for the Conservatives at the 1992 election . Coe beat the Liberal Democrat candidate by than 3,000 votes and took his place in Parliament . He lost the seat in 1997 Tony Blair 's Labour Party swept to power . He returned to politics as chief of staff to William Hague , he was Leader of the Opposition . 2005 - Helps secure Olympics for London Despite London lagging in place behind Paris and Madrid in stages , the UK capital secured the games under Coe 's leadership . Sports commentators said a speech he made , before the vote , helped turn the race in London 's favour . \" This is on a planet to winning the gold medals ,\" Coe said at the time . He went to become Chairman of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and is said to have been a player in organising the Queen 's appearance in the James Bond scene in the Games' opening ceremony . 2015 - Elected president of the IAAF Despite one of the CVs in athletics history , Lord Coe suggested his election as IAAF chief topped all his achievements . He beat Sergey Bubka , a Olympic pole vault champion , by 115 votes to 92 . His test , and his , will be to deal with the fallout from doping allegations .", "Kamdjo , 25 , played in five games for Forest Green season , but made 33 appearances on loan at Boreham Wood . He started his career with Reading , and had spells at Barnet and Salisbury before joining Rovers in 2014 . York were relegated from League Two season after winning seven league games .", "than 130 owners have reported problems behind the glove-box area , some of which have resulted in fires . Vauxhall is investigating the problem , but has issued a recall . The model is the Zafira B. It is thought that 280,000 of them are on the road in the UK . The alarm was raised by three women , who say their cars burst into flames . Among them was Sue Freemantle , from Devon , who had four children in her Zafira a fire began behind the dashboard . Claire Wheatley from Devon , had to evacuate her car along with her husband a incident occurred . They and others have posted pictures of the fires on Facebook . Vauxhall has examined 20 cars which have been burned out , and has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate . In a statement , it said it thought the heating and ventilation system was to blame . It said repairs may have been carried out , or in some cases , parts may have caused the fires . The models have air-conditioning , as pictured . Owners who have climate control have reported any problems . The cars , all drive , were built between 2005 and 2014 . Anyone who has concerns about their vehicle is being asked to contact their dealer .", "LudoSport has opened its academy teaching seven forms of combat from the Star Wars world using blades mounted on hilts . The sport began eight years in Italy but has come to England with the classes in Cheltenham . Instructor Jordan Court said people were \" hooked \" . The classes in Cheltenham began month . there are six pupils , but this number is expected to increase . Mr Court attended an boot camp to learn the stages of the sport which range in characteristics from in stage one to \" and \" in stage four and \" \" in stage seven . The 34-year-old said fighting with \" an weapon for a age \" was a childhood dream come . \" My brother and I used to steal our Mum 's bamboo garden canes to fight with ,\" he said . The lightsabers used in the sport are and are provided for use during the classes , Mr Court said . The sport is to England that there have been a handful of classes but Mr Court said there were plans to begin teaching in Bristol by the end of October ... if \" the Force \" was with the academy . Lightsaber Combat Academy There are ranks for those wishing to become a Jedi Knight :", "The 68-year-old from Bournemouth died his Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke on the A31 near Corfe Mullen . The road , near the Coventry Arms pub , was closed for than five hours after the crash happened at 13:20 BST . The driver of the Nissan , a woman from Waterlooville , was injured and airlifted to Southampton General Hospital but police said her condition was . Three men who were travelling in the Nissan sustained but injuries and were taken to Poole Hospital . Sgt Mark Scammell said : \" I would like to thank motorists for their patience during the road closures which are to allow emergency services to deal with the incident . \"", "The approval depends on Shell getting a nod from US regulators , the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management said . Shell stopped Arctic exploration than two years after problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures . campaigners oppose the move . Shell has spent $ 6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.85bn ) on exploration in the Arctic - a region estimated to have about 20 % of the world 's oil and gas . The company wants to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres , using two vessels that can serve as backups in the event of an emergency . \" We have taken a approach to considering exploration in the Chukchi Sea ,\" said Abigail Ross Harper , director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , in a statement . This approval means Shell must obtain permits from the government and the state of Alaska to begin drilling this summer . Susan Murray , an official at Oceana , a group against Arctic drilling , said : \" Our government has rushed to approve and exploration in one of the and places on Earth . \" Among Shell 's woes the time it tried to drill in the area were its failure to have a spill-response barge on site before the drills reached zones , as it had promised , and the outbreak of fire on the Noble Discoverer rig that Shell had hired . The Kulluk , a drilling barge , broke from its towing vessel and ran on its way to a shipyard in Washington state . \" The approval of our Revised Chukchi Sea Exploration Plan is an milestone and signals the confidence regulators have in our plan ,\" said Shell spokesman Curtis Smith .", "Katie Locke , 23 , was found at Theobolds Park Hotel in Waltham Cross , Hertfordshire . She had been strangled . Carl Langdell admitted the charge of murder he appeared at St Albans Crown Court via a video link from Bedford Prison . A report is to be prepared on Langdell who was remanded in custody and will be sentenced on 18 April . Ann Evans , for the prosecution , said : \" What needs to be established are the circumstances of Katie 's death . There was a no comment interview with the police . \" Benjamin Aina QC , defending , said Langdell admitted and killing Katie in a hotel room . He said his client had been seeking help after being convicted of making threats to kill in Bristol . Miss Locke 's family were in court for the hearing . In a statement released by police at the time of her death , they said : \" As a family we are , in shock and . There was a bone in Katie 's body . \" Katie worked and loved her job as a teacher . In what time she had she enjoyed sports . \" We feel like our future has been stolen from us . \"", "The crackdown began month ISPs were told to cut off the networks people use to hide they go . people are changing the way they connect to Tor to avoid the block . Activists said the block moved Turkey 's censorship policies from \" \" to \" \" . Tor , known as The Onion Router , aims to conceal people go by using encryption and bouncing requests for webpages through a network of computers . The system has become in nations , as China and Turkey , governments are known to watch what people do and say . Turkey Blocks , which monitors internet censorship in the nation , said its monitoring of Tor showed that it was being blocked across the country . The organisation started to investigate after people in Turkey reported having problems reaching the Tor network . It added that the government had put in place systems at ISPs to spot people were trying to connect to Tor . These inspect packets of data and can pick out the signature of those that are destined for Tor . Turkey Blocks said the government ordered firms to start blocking VPNs and Tor in December , and has increased the pressure on firms to act by asking for updates about the success of the measures . The monitoring group said that while access to Tor was working , people were reporting that they could access the network if they used a bridge . These are entry points to the Tor network which , because they are listed in the software itself , can survive blocks are imposed . Turkey has a history of cutting off access to websites and services - during periods of unrest .", "The Uruguayan , 25 , was signed from Nacional two years but made six league appearances for Boro , three of them as a substitute . He ended season on loan at side Real Oviedo , he played seven times and scored . Boro say they have decided to end his contract in order to help him find a club .", "The jihadists seized buildings on the edge of the city of Tadmur on Thursday , but their push was halted by the army . Syria 's antiquities chief warned that if IS seizes the Unesco World Heritage site it will destroy everything . The group has ransacked and demolished sites in Iraq . Palmyra has suffered some damage during the war . It is situated in a area on the road between the capital , Damascus and the contested city of Deir al-Zour , and to gas fields On Thursday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that IS militants were mounting an assault on Tadmur , the town to the ruins of Palmyra . Twenty-six civilians in a village outside Tadmur were killed by IS - at 10 by beheading - on Thursday after being accused of collaborating with President Bashar al-Assad 's government , Mr Abdul Rahman said . IS itself claimed on Twitter that it had taken control of and parts of Tadmur , and that it had shot down a air force MiG jet in the area . Homs governor Talal Barazi confirmed that al-Sukhanah , a town to the north-east , had fallen on Wednesday and said 1,800 families from the town were sheltering in Tadmur . The Syrian Observatory said than 70 soldiers and 40 militants had been killed in the battle for al-Sukhanah . Rising out of the desert and flanked by an oasis , Palmyra contains the ruins of a city that was one of the centres of the world , according to Unesco . The site , of which dates to the 1st to the Century the region was under rule , is dominated by a , street . At the end of the 1.1km street is the temple of Bel , considered one of the buildings of the Century in the East and of design . Syria 's director of antiquities , Maamoun Abdul Karim , said that if Palmyra were to fall to IS , it would be an \" catastrophe \" . \" It will be a repetition of the barbarism and savagery which we saw in Nimrud , Hatra and Mosul ,\" he told AFP news agency . The sites in Iraq were blown up by IS militants , who control swathes of territory on both sides of the Syria-Iraq border . A coalition has carried out air strikes on the group 's positions since September . , it says it does co-ordinate its actions with the Assad government .", "The spelling error was spotted to the High Street in Warsop , Nottinghamshire on Friday afternoon . Eric Hill photographed the sign , which should have read \" \" , to the error being painted over . A spokesman for the Co-op said the contractors were made of their mistake and would amend the spelling \" as \" .", "McClaren , who led the Magpies to six wins in 28 Premier League matches , was replaced by Benitez in March , but the Spaniard could prevent them from being relegated to the Championship . \" I conceded , , of saying ' we need this and this ',\" McClaren told BBC Radio 5 . \" I hope they 've allowed [ Benitez ] control of everything . \" He added : \" Listen to him , this is what he wants , these are his requirements , this is the team he needs to make . \" Newcastle sat in the table McClaren departed , with a 3-1 home defeat by Bournemouth his match in charge . \" The mistake I made was I compromised ,\" said the England , Derby and FC Twente manager . \" I wanted to get results on the field so I could gain a bit control . But I think you have to be domineering as you go , you have to make you get what you want . \" The is the Magpies have learnt from his experience and will afford Benitez control as he bids to return Newcastle to the flight . \" I think with Rafa being he will be allowed to take control of media , of staff , and of recruitment - which is the thing ,\" he said . \" You have to make that you work to establish what you want , what you 're working with . \"", "A \u00a3 60,000 feasibility study will examine to alter Aberystwyth University 's Old College and the costs . The building opened in 1865 as a hotel , but was bought by a group of philanthropists who founded the university . It is home to departments and is used for teaching . The university said the Old College was one of examples of the work of revival architect John Pollard Seddon . It is one of the town 's buildings with spires , towers , parapets and roofs \" like a French Renaissance chateau \" . Plans include creating a \" quarter \" based around the Old College , a centre providing teaching , learning and study spaces , an art gallery , and lecturing and performance facilities . University vice-chancellor Prof April McMahon said : \" Research shows that Aberystwyth University is recognised as one of the locations to study for undergraduates . \" We want to build on that and develop a world class centre . \" , the Old College should have a community focus as an one . \" We want to provide a resource for residents and visitors as students and staff . \" Our vision is for learning facilities , exhibition space , a university shop and a point of contact for businesses - bringing the town and gown in a quarter . \" Regeneration Minister Huw Lewis said : \" The Old College is an building in Aberystwyth and resonates with and students of the university . \" Its location in the centre of the town can provide a point to the area 's regeneration and the ideas put sound . \" The feasibility study , which will include a number of university properties , is expected to be finished in March 2013 . It will be funded by a government regeneration fund and the university . Aberystwyth has been identified as a regeneration area by the government and up to \u00a3 10.3m has been made to invest , which is being used on a number of projects in the town .", "Mullaney ( 113 ) plus Riki Wessels ( 81 ) and Samit Patel 's ( 85 ) century partnership saw Notts beyond 300 , and Chris Read added an 63 . Surrey 's Tom Curran took three wickets and West Indies paceman Ravi Rampaul ( 5-93 ) saw off Notts' order . At the close , Surrey were 7-0 having survived two overs . Surrey , who took the option to bowl without a toss , removed Greg Smith and Michael Lumb before lunch , but could halt Mullaney until he had guided Notts beyond 200 . The hosts , who picked up batting bonus points , looked like posting a total until Wessels was caught by Ben Foakes off Rampaul to leave Notts 308-5 . Surrey will resume on Monday with openers Rory Burns and Arun Harinath looking to give them a foothold in the match .", "The Pass Wide and Slow Wales campaign has collected 1,300 signatures on the assembly 's e-petition website . It wants an road safety awareness campaign explaining to motorists to react around horses . The British Horse Society found that since 2010 there have been 2,000 road accidents in the UK , with 1,500 because of cars passing . As a result of these , 180 horses and 36 riders have died . Awareness rides were planned for Penarth , Vale of Glamorgan , Swansea , Neyland in Pembrokeshire , Machynlleth , Powys , Flintshire and Porthmadog in Gwynedd . Any petition with over 50 signatures is considered by a committee to be debated in the assembly .", "Men Risen , written by Toby Harnden and published by Quercus , took the prize at a ceremony in Westminster and was the choice . It focuses on the death of Lt Colonel Rupert Thorneloe in 2009 . It was published in amended form after the print run was destroyed by the MoD . The judges said the book \" takes us into the hearts and minds of the Welsh Guards in a way that is both and \" . \" It challenges every citizen of this country to examine what we 're asking soldiers to do in Afghanistan ,\" the panel continued . \" than offering answers it lets the soldiers speak for themselves . \" awards presented included a honour for Christopher Hitchens , whose book , , was included on the list for the prize . Hitchens' widow Carol Blue accepted the award on behalf of the Vanity Fair writer . The journalism prize was awarded to Amelia Gentleman for her work in The Guardian , while the blog award went to Rangers Tax Case - an commentary on the problems at the football club . The writers of the blog said they aimed to \" provide the details of what Rangers FC have done , it was and what the implications are for one of the football clubs in Britain \" . The winners were chosen from shortlists of six books , six journalists and seven bloggers , whittled down from longlists of 17 books , 12 journalists and 18 bloggers . Each of the winners received a \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 prize .", "Dominic Greyer said organisers of the WI 's Centennial Fair in Harrogate asked him to cover up coasters , mugs and tea-towels featuring some of Britain 's towns and villages . The author was selling merchandise for his book ' Lesser Spotted Britain ' asked to hide the offending items . The organisers have to comment . Mr Greyer said he was approached by a organiser who described some of the material as \" \" . He was asked to put greetings cards in paper bags and cover place names with ' ' stickers . Mr Greyer said : \" It was , it was like I was running an adult shop . \" I had to cover up what on paper seem like names but , in context , are places from around the UK . \" It 's ' Carry On ' humour , it 's like you ca drive past these places , they 're on the street for people to see . \" The writer , from Manchester , said ladies approaching his stall during the event at the weekend were \" gobsmacked \" by the move and thought it was a marketing gimmick . \" Some of them were put out and thought it was ,\" he added . Wetwang , East Yorkshire Cockermouth , Cumbria Three Cocks , Powys Twatt , Shetland Islands Bell End , Northamptonshire Sandy Balls , Hampshire Slack Bottom , West Yorkshire Butts View , Derbyshire Cocking , Sussex Bully Hole Bottom , Monmouthshire Minge Lane , Worcestershire Assington , Suffolk Juggs Lane , West Sussex Furry Way , Cornwall Rings End , Cambridgeshire Guests of the event took to Twitter to share their confusion . \" Oh the censorship thing did have us rolling with laughter - we 're !\" said one . WI branches waded in with their thoughts : \" At the fab @ Lesser _ Spotted stand at @ theWI but to find he 'd been censored by the MEN who run the event ! !\" said the Cottonopolis WI .", "Media playback is supported on this device Murray accused Glasgow of targeting him in Munster 's game and Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has promised of the on Saturday . But Stander , 26 , believes an display will negate the issue . \" We know what we have to do . Make the ball for him . He 's a man . Conor can look after himself ,\" he said . Asked whether Ireland will plan protection for his Munster colleague , Stander replied : \" No. No. He is a player that looks after himself . We need to get the ball from the ruck and make it for him to get the ball and let him play his game . Scrum-half Murray , 27 , claimed the club had put him at risk of injury in the European Champions Cup game at Scotstoun on 14 January . Murray took a blow to the head during the contest and Munster were cleared of any wrongdoing by Champions Cup organisers after the scrum-half had returned to the field following the incident before undergoing a head injury assessment . In response , the Warriors' coaching staff and players were that their tactics , while , were within the laws of the game . Scotland scrum-half Laidlaw stuck to this line at a news conference on Tuesday . Laidlaw said : \" Glasgow did everything within the rules of the game . As a nine you are going to get teams putting pressure on you . Media playback is supported on this device \" In that game , Glasgow got a charge down on him but they were trying to get the ball back - they were trying to injure the player . \" Will we be putting pressure on him ? For we will . He 's going to come to Murrayfield and get an armchair ride . \" We need to do that to every player but we can expect the back , I 'm . \" For his part , Stander believes the Munster pack \" let down \" Murray at Scotstoun but he appears that there will be a repetition at Murrayfield . \" We did look after him as we could [ at Scotstoun ] . This weekend , we all have to concentrate on our job . We know what we have to do . \"", "The 54-year-old had needed to run a marathon on Sunday , finishing beneath a statue of Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg . Izzard attempted a feat in South Africa in 2012 but had to pull out for health reasons . It has been confirmed the comedian 's endurance feat had raised than \u00c2 \u00a3 1.35m for the charity appeal . \" That was , ,\" he told reporters as he swigged from a bottle of sparkling wine . The 27 marathons were intended to reflect the 27 years Mr Mandela had spent in prison before becoming South Africa 's president . \" It 's been the thing I 've done ,\" said a \" \" Izzard . \" Thank you to everyone who has donated [ and ] do do this at home . \" Gary Lineker , marathon runner Paula Radcliffe and DJ Chris Moyles are among those who have tweeted their congratulations .", "The Canaries , who won thanks to Jonny Howson 's goal , are in the Championship with two wins from three . \" The 10 minutes were but after that we were in control of the game . We hit the woodwork a times ,\" Neil told BBC Radio Norfolk . \" If our passing in the third was a bit we would have had chances . I think we deserved to win . \" Neil continued : \" I ca remember opportunities for them to score , if any . \" The goal is because it mucks up their gameplan because they need to come out and leaves us space to go and exploit . \" Norwich were relegated from the Premier League season with 67 goals conceded , the in the division . But they have kept sheets in their two home games , and Neil said : \" That 's going to be going . \"( A lack of sheets ) was a criticism of us season and something we want to try to fix . In the two games it 's been . \"", "The Love star will have a supporting role in the spy film , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Armie Hammer , Alicia Vikander and Man of Steel actor Henry Cavill will feature in the adaptation of the TV series , which ran from 1964 to 1968 . Grant , who starred in Cloud Atlas with Tom Hanks , will play the head of British Naval Intelligence . The film follows agents Napoleon Solo , played by Cavill , and Illya Kuryakin - Lone Ranger star Hammer - who work for the United Network Command for Law Enforcement ( U.N.C.L.E. ) . actress Vikander , known for her role as Kitty in Joe Wright 's Anna Karenina , has been cast as the lead , while The Great Gatsby 's Elisabeth Debicki will star in the adaptation . Tom Cruise had been tipped for the role of Solo , portrayed by Robert Vaughn in the TV series , while George Clooney was set to play the role in director Steven Soderbergh 's version of the film . , Clooney withdrew from the film and Soderbergh dropped out of the project . Director Ritchie will co-write the script with Lionel Wigram , who wrote both of Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes films , starring Robert Downey Jr . Production is to begin in September with a release planned for 2014 . There were 105 episodes of the winning TV show , The Man From U.N.C.L.E , with the series broadcast in .", "The country has seen two quarters of declining growth , the definition of recession . Its oil industry has been hit by prices , according to the Nigerian Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) . But the government says there has been growth in sectors . oil sales account for 70 % of government income . The price of oil has fallen from highs of $ 112 a barrel in 2014 to below $ 50 at the moment . Outside the oil industry , the figures show the fall in the currency , the naira , has hurt the economy . It was allowed to float in June to help kick-start the economy , but critics argued it should have been done . The government , , has found some news in the figures . \" There was growth in the and minerals sectors ... the areas in which the government has placed priority ,\" said adviser Adeyemi Dipeolu . Nigeria , which vies with South Africa for the mantle of Africa 's economy , is battling an inflation rate at an high of 17.1 % in July . \" A lot of Nigeria 's predicament could have been avoided ,\" said Kevin Daly from Aberdeen Asset Management . \" The country is on oil because its leaders have diversified the economy . \" , they have tried , and failed , to prop up the naira , which has had a effect on the country 's exchange reserves and any reputation it might have had of being . \" This recession comes as no surprise to millions of Nigerians . say they 've known it . The slump in oil prices has hit Nigeria . The government depends on oil sales for 70 % of its revenues . But critics say government policies made a situation . The decision to delay devaluing Nigeria 's currency meant businesses struggled to get currency to pay for imports , which had a cooling effect on the economy . Following pressure , the government changed tack this summer , allowing the naira to float . That 's led to a spike in inflation , but the hope is that it will attract investors . The government says the country needs to import : it wants to see products made in Nigeria .", "Mining , energy , and stocks were among the gainers , with healthcare and telecoms among the losers . The Dow Jones rose 0.6 % to 19,912.7 , and the S & P 500 rose 0.7 % to 2,280.07 . The Nasdaq added 0.9 % to 5,600.9 . stocks outpaced the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 jumped 1.6 % to 1,369.21 points . Mining and materials sector companies could benefit from initiatives by the White House to streamline the permitting process for manufacturing and clear the way for pipeline construction . Energy companies climbed as oil prices closed . The rally swept up stocks in US homebuilders . Healthcare , phone companies and stocks were among the laggards as bond yields rose . While companies reported earnings , investors focused on the batch of actions from President Donald Trump . \" The importance of this earnings season has been dimmed because we all realise there 's going to be some changes in policy ,'' said J.J . Kinahan , TD Ameritrade 's strategist . \" you 're trading on the edicts , or whatever they may be , that are coming out of the White House . '' Trump hosted a breakfast meeting with the heads of General Motors , Ford , and Fiat Chrysler , the three US carmakers that argues should invest in the US . The chiefs expressed optimism after the meeting , prompting a rise in carmakers' shares . GM gained 1 % , Ford added 2.4 % , and Fiat Chrysler rose 5.8 % . Verizon fell 4.4 % after the phone and communications company posted earnings for the three months of 2016 that fell of what analysts' forecasts .", "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's son is the member of the UK Royal family to have his birthday marked by a coin . The in line to the throne and king turns one on 22 July . The design of the silver piece was approved by his parents ; his great-grandmother the Queen ; and Chancellor George Osborne . It bears the arms and the year 2014 . Prince George was photographed at the weekend walking with the help of his mother . Shane Bissett , director of coin and bullion at the Royal Mint , said : \" We felt there could be no design to mark the birthday of our king than the arms - the arms of the monarch - minted in honour of the heir to the throne . \" The choice of a coin is , as the metal is associated with babies ... \" Crossing the palm of a baby with silver is a way to wish them wealth and health throughout their life , whilst the \u00a3 5 coin is a favourite for celebrations . \" The coins will be a mintage of 7,500 and will cost \u00a3 80 each from the Royal Mint . The arms incorporates the four quarterings of the arms , each contained in a shield , as a rose , thistle , leek , a sprig of shamrock and a crown . It was created for the Queen and was used on a coin struck for the British Exhibition in New York in 1960 . George 's birth and his christening were marked with coins .", ", the 2018 event , set to showcase art , design and innovation , will be the in the region . In 1929 , the North East Coast Exhibition was opened by the Prince of Wales in Newcastle amid fanfare . , will organisers take inspiration from the event , which attracted four million visitors ? Responding to the Newcastle and Gateshead announcement , the North East Chamber of Commerce said : \" The Great Exhibition looks set to be the launch pad of growth in our economy . \" The Prince of Wales - King Edward VIII - opened the 1929 event and said : \" The industries of the North are knocked out of the ring . \" They are fighting with a punch . \" And the \" punch \" included technology , as a cow milking machine , a telescope brought down from Edinburgh University , and the newspaper using a sign to flash out the news items . Industry and consumer items were represented , some of them household names that remain , as Hoover vacuum cleaners , Singer sewing machines , and Pyrex glass ovenware . Andrews Liver Salts showed off its brand with a 15ft \" fountain of health \" . For entertainment there was an amusement park , a Himalayan Railway , and an village . than four million people passed through the turnstiles between May and October that year , including King Alfonso of Spain and the Sultan of Zanzibar . Each millionth visitor was presented with a gold watch . the exhibition ended , the pavilions were dismantled and the area reverted to a park . , that \" punch \" would fall to the depression a years , in the 1930s .", "The body of Omar Omran was found at an apartment in the Riverside complex , Kimmage , on Monday evening . He had been stabbed to death . His mother Maha Al Adheem , a doctor who is from Iraq , appeared at Dublin District Court on Thursday . The 42 year was remanded in custody until week . During the hearing , a detective sergeant gave evidence of the arrest . He said that 45 minutes after she was charged , Maha Al Adheem said : \" Yes it was my knife . Yes it was my hand . \" It was me . It was the power . \"", "Inderjit Singh Dhariwal , 49 , was injured at Samsons in Rood End Road , Oldbury , in the hours of Sunday . Nicolas Salhan , 36 , of Haybridge Avenue , Stourbridge , and Jonathan Davies , 42 , from Old Bridge Walk , Rowley Regis , have been charged . They are to appear at Wolverhampton Crown Court on 30 November . Mr Dhariwal , of Oldbury , was taken to hospital in a condition but died on Monday .", "The builder said it would construct 139 homes at Duddingston Park South , Duddingston , and 165 at Newcraighall Village . Barratt Homes will build a total of 102 homes between the two developments . Newcraighall Village and Duddingston Park South are both set to launch this year . Anne Ross , sales director at Barratt Homes for the East of Scotland , said : \" 2014 has been year for homes sales and we are to be launching these two developments in the Edinburgh area , to allow us to keep up with demand . \" With a selection of homes on offer and in locations , we hope these developments will be . \"", "Media playback is supported on this device Page , 25 , was beaten to gold by 0.425 points as Canada 's Rosannagh MacLennan won a Olympic title with a score of 56.465 . World champion Li Dan of China took bronze , while another Briton , Katherine Driscoll , came . \" I ca believe I 've won an Olympic medal ,\" said Page , from Huntingdon . \" I 'm . \" Find out to get into gymnastics with our guide . \" I had no idea it was a medal but my performance was the I could have done . That is I was , that all the training and work had paid off . \" I am I got to share the with Kat . \" to winning Olympic silver , Page 's career finish in an event was at the 2015 World Championships in Denmark . Trampoline made its Olympic debut in 2000 and this is the time women have reached the final . Media playback is supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "The \" witches' marks \" were carved near entrances to buildings , including the house Shakespeare was born and the Tower of London . The symbols were believed to offer protection belief in witchcraft and the supernatural was . But heritage agency Historic England says is known about them . This Halloween it is calling for people to document the marks , which can be found in houses , churches and buildings , from around 1550 to 1750 . The symbols , which were intended to protect inhabitants and visitors of buildings from witches and spirits , took forms , including patterns and letters . The type was the \" Daisy Wheel \" , which looked like a flower drawn with a compass in a line that was supposed to confuse and entrap spirits . They took the form of letters , as AM for Ave Maria , M for Mary or VV , for Virgin of Virgins , scratched into walls , engraved on beams and etched into plasterwork to evoke the power of the Virgin Mary . Known examples include found at Shakespeare 's birthplace in Stratford-upon-Avon , Warwickshire , carved near the cellar door beer was kept , and at the Tithe Barn , Bradford-on-Avon , Wiltshire , to protect crops . Others have been found in caves , as the Witches' Chimney at Wookey Hole , Somerset , which has markings . Duncan Wilson , executive of Historic England , said : \" Witches' marks are a reminder of our ancestors saw the world . \" They fire the imagination and can teach us about beliefs and rituals . \" Ritual marks were cut , scratched or carved into our homes and churches in the hope of making the world a , place . \" They were such a part of life that they were and because they are to overlook , the recorded evidence we hold about they appear and what form they take is . \"", "It came the day after the remains of the boiler house were demolished and the search resumed for three men killed the building came down . , site owner RWE NPower reassured people the tower was standing and had been shrouded in fog . It would be demolished in future , a spokeswoman added . Paul Brassett tweeted : \" reports that Didcot power station stack came down . Might want to check it out . \" Drew Simpson tweeted : \" been along the perimeter road in Didcot and ca see the tower - suspect it may have come down . \" Elliot Harvey tweeted : \" Any ideas if it was planned to bring down the chimney at the power station , or is it another accident . \" RWE said Sunday 's demolition of the boiler house had \" gone planned \" .", "The company said it was looking at the possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea . It said the idea had come from businesses at the island resort who were to boost tourism . If confirmed , the cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August . Neil Chapman , managing director of Hovertravel , said : \" We 're to ideas which might boost tourism to the Isle of Wight and we agreed the concept , to gaining the permissions . \" The plan would be for the service to operate four crossings every Tuesday and Thursday from 14 July to 27 August . The Isle of Wight Council welcomed the plan and said it was in discussion with Hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of Sandown Beach for the service .", "Between April and October 103 liner visits are scheduled to Guernsey , Alderney , Sark and Herm . In 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits , with 29 being cancelled due to weather and itinerary changes . Capt Peter Gill , Guernsey 's harbour master , said : \" It was a year in weather terms and affected every aspect of our activities . \" He said : \" It was the cruise liners , visiting yachts were on years , in fact year was the since 1987 . \" Investigations into plans for a cruise liner berth off Guernsey , estimated to cost between \u00c2 \u00a3 60m and \u00c2 \u00a3 80m , are to form part of the harbour master plan , which is to be released this year . passengers are ferried between the cruise liners and Guernsey on tenders carried by the ships . Capt Gill said : \" In terms of a destination port in the UK , Guernsey is the , it is the ... the cruise liner operators have made it to us they are to come . \"", "Tim Husbands said it is that transport links are put in place for visitors to reach the site . He was speaking to the BBC 's Inside Business programme about growing Northern Ireland 's tourism industry . Mr Husbands took on the job at Titanic Belfast a months before the centre opened in 2012 . In its year of operation , than 800,000 people from 128 countries toured the east Belfast building - double the number it was expected to achieve . Titanic Belfast welcomed its one millionth visitor in July 2013 . Mr Husbands has a wealth of experience in event management , spending 15 years in charge of Belfast 's Waterfront Hall . He managed the Ulster Hall and help to stage a number of events in the city , including the Tall Ships festival in 2009 . In 2014 , he was awarded an MBE from the Queen for services to development and tourism . Mr Husbands told Inside Business that , while there is no point creating attractions for the sake of it , parts of Northern Ireland outside Belfast need to be served in terms of tourism and transport . \" There 's no means of transporting people through from one city to another , from one region to another , and we need to encourage that ,\" he said . \" You have to make it for the consumer , you have to make it for the guests . \" I 'm that we are as an industry to do that . \" Tim Husbands interview will be broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster as part of Inside Business at 13:30 GMT on Sunday 20 November .", "Steven Dunne , 42 , failed to return to Southview Low Secure Unit , Hellingly , at 17:00 BST on Wednesday . After a police appeal on Saturday , Dunne went into Bootle Street police station in Manchester , he is in custody . Dunne will return to hospital under a level of security . , in their appeal , Sussex Police had said they believed he had gone to Manchester because he had family links in the city . In November 2010 , Dunne admitted the manslaughter of Gordon Stalker , 51 , on the grounds of responsibility and was detained . Sussex Police said the level of security he was detained under was approved by the Ministry of Justice . After Dunne handed himself in , Lisa Rodrigues , executive of Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust , said : \" We were for Mr Dunne 's welfare and we worked with Sussex Police throughout their investigation . \" The NHS trust had said Dunne posed a \" risk \" after he was reported missing . During the court case , Dunne , of Chates Farm Court , Brighton , told Lewes Crown Court he believed Mr Stalker was controlling his mind and he could be freed by killing him . The pair were neighbours in a shared house in Elm Grove , Brighton , they were friends and socialised . But Dunne 's health deteriorated and he began to believe that Mr Stalker was a witch who had captured his soul . He stabbed Mr Stalker in their hallway . The judge ordered him to be detained under the Mental Health Act .", "Sue Sim was the woman to lead the force and led the hunt for murderer Raoul Moat in 2010 . month Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner Vera Baird launched an investigation into Ms Sim over alleged rudeness to staff . Ms Sim is retiring on 3 June to spend time with her family to \" make up for the sacrifices \" they made . She joined Merseyside Police in 1985 , progressing through the ranks before moving to Northumbria in 2004 . Ms Sim said the hunt for Moat following the murder of Christopher Brown and shooting of one of her officers , PC David Rathband , was one of the challenges she faced . She said : \" That was the manhunt the country has seen for 44 years . I spent my time out and about reassuring the public and responding to their questions . \" I am of my officers and staff who went about their roles of the threats against them , but to support the public . \" She has overseen savings of \u00c2 \u00a3 117m since 2010 and was at the helm as Northumbria Police reopened no crime rape reports following an audit . Ms Baird 's office said the misconduct investigation will continue but admitted if the complaints against her were upheld , Ms Sim 's retirement would mean any sanctions , as a written warning , would have no impact . Ms Baird said : \" Sue has brought passion and enthusiasm to her role and leaves at a time Northumbria is one of the performing forces in the country . \"", "The German tore cartilage in his knee during the Premier League defeat by Chelsea on 14 December , coming off after 57 minutes . Kirchhoff was making his appearance of the season , and had two months out with a hamstring injury . Sunderland , who visit Manchester United on Boxing Day , are in the Premier League and one point from safety . Black Cats forward Duncan Watmore is for the season with a knee ligament injury .", "The Hannover forward , who will miss Austria 's game in Serbia on Sunday , has been replaced by Sturm Graz striker Deni Alar Harnik is the team 's player , with 14 goals in 61 matches . Alar is the leading top-scorer for league leaders Graz , with nine goals in games .", "Winners of the cup competition earn a place in the Europa League . cup winners Forest have failed to progress past the round for the 11 seasons and start their campaign at Doncaster on Tuesday . \" It 's because it is the way to go into the Europa League ,\" Montanier told BBC Radio Nottingham . \" I know it 's because there are a lot of teams from the Premier League and Championship . It will be a game . \" Forest , two-time European Cup winners under Brian Clough in 1979 and 1980 , who guided the club to its four League Cup titles , featured in competition in the 1995-96 season , reaching the Uefa Cup quarter-finals . The Reds , who won the League Cup in 1990 and featured in the final in 1992 , were knocked out of the competition by League One side Walsall 12 months . Their trip to face League Two side Doncaster comes three days after Montanier oversaw Forest 's Championship season opening victory against Burton Albion , in what was his match in football . Rennes boss Montanier confirmed that the injury to goalkeeper Dorus de Vries , suffered in the 4-3 victory over Burton on Saturday , is as feared . \" It will be a weeks , but ,\" Montanier said .", "The Flybe plane , which was carrying 62 passengers from Exeter , landed after declaring a emergency at 13:43 . Edinburgh Airport said nobody was hurt during the incident . A Flybe spokesman said : \" The flight landed at Edinburgh Airport following the report of a fault with the aircraft . \" He added : \" The pilot followed operating procedures and , as is in circumstances , the airport put its emergency vehicles on standby . \" All 62 passengers disembarked the aircraft arrived on stand . \"", "Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited in September the poppies were installed , compared with 37,000 year . The arch segment , Wave , consists of 5,800 poppies falling from Cascade Bridge into the Lower Lake . Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket . Yorkshire Sculpture Park said visitor numbers would be restricted on 8 and 11 November \" to ensure a and experience for all \" . Belinda Eldridge , operations manager , said the 170 % rise in visitor numbers was \" \" and Yorkshire Sculpture Park was expecting its year , with than half a million visitors . \" We feel to be to bring the poppies to Yorkshire ,\" she said . \" It 's to say tens of thousands of people are coming as a result of the poppies . \" She said the sculpture had a \" feel \" from any sculpture at the park , and people found seeing the poppies was a \" and experience \" . The installation is part of a tour of poppies from the artwork Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red , which was unveiled in London in July 2014 . The artwork , created by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper , marked 100 years since the start of World War One and drew than five million visitors . The Yorkshire Regiment raised 24 Battalions served by 65,000 men , of whom 9,000 died .", "The Military Reaction Force was the subject of a BBC Panorama programme November . members said the unit had shot people who may have been . The PSNI investigation has found none of the men featured \" admitted any act or being involved in any of the incidents portrayed \" . In a statement , the PSNI said : \" Detectives from Serious Crime Branch have studied the contents of a BBC Panorama programme broadcast year into the activities of the MRF . \" Although there does appear to be any admission to criminality by individuals featured in the programme , it will form part of an HET review into all deaths linked to soldiers . \" This review will begin HET resumes its work in the future . \" The unit was disbanded in 1973 , after 18 months . The plain-clothes soldiers carried out patrols in Belfast in cars . Three members of the unit talked to Panorama . They said they had been tasked with \" hunting down \" IRA members in Belfast . asked if on occasion the MRF would make an assumption that someone had a weapon , if they could see one , one of the soldiers replied \" \" . \" We did go around town blasting , shooting over the place like you see on the TV , we were going and finding , looking for our targets , finding them and taking them down ,\" he said . \" We may have seen a weapon , but than would have been weapons in a vigilante patrol . \" One of the soldiers said they were \" to act like an army unit , we were to act like a terror group \" . Solicitor Padraig \u00c3 \u201c Muirigh represents families who believe their relatives were killed by the MRF . He said police should investigate the soldiers' claims . \" They and admitted that they were in a terror gang , that they acted outside the rule of law , that they acted outside of the card rule ,\" he said . \" They admitted being involved in incidents in which people may have been armed . \" I think all of that and that Panorama programme pointed in the direction that there should have been investigation of these matters . \" it appears that the PSNI have done that , despite the request from the director of prosecutions . \"", "It follows complaints over gangs of adults gathering in Llangefni , drinking alcohol and causing damage . The power allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave . The order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday . \" The action we are taking is ,\" explained Sgt Tracey Llewellyn , from Anglesey 's Safer Neighbourhood policing team . \" we would like to reassure those living in or visiting the town centre that we are taking action against youths causing issues of behaviour in and around the town to ensure that they are plagued by the behaviour of youths . \" is to protect people from the excesses of alcohol and its consequences . \" The order means any person under 16-years-old can be taken , or to a place of safety . Individuals can be banned from the area for up to 24 hours , or face arrest if they return .", "Jamie Cox attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth , south London , in July year . The WBO super-middleweight title holder , who was overheard threatening to \" knock out \" Ms Gribovskaja , had denied assault . But he was found after a trial at Croydon Magistrates' Court . The victim was awoken in the hours of the morning by Cox forcing his way into her flat , the court heard . She called 999 before he broke through her bedroom door . The boxer , who appeared in court under his name Jamie Russan , was convicted of assault by beating , violence to secure entry , harassment and damage . Alex Slater , prosecuting , said : \" Viktoria said she had been in her life . She thought he was going to kill her . \" He was heard in a recording of a 999 call , which lasted 21 minutes , to say : \" I will knock you spark out . \" At his trial month , Cox said he had \" barged \" through Ms Gribovskaja 's and bedroom doors because he feared she \" could kill herself \" . He denied putting his hands on her . But magistrates found the victim 's account of the confrontation \" and \" . Nathaniel Ikeazor , representing Cox , told the court the boxer regretted the incident . He said : \" Jamie is as to his actions affected Viktoria and affected the relationship . \" Cox was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison for the assault and harassment charges , 20 weeks for violence to secure entry and 12 weeks for damage , to run . He was ordered to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 1,105 in compensation to his victim and court costs , and given a restraining order barring him from contacting her . Cox showed no emotion as the sentence was handed down . Speaking outside court , his trainer of 10 years , John Costello , said his team will appeal against the decision and are \" he will clear his name \" . Cox will be suspended from boxing for the duration of his sentence , Mr Costello confirmed .", "State department officials and Mr Bae 's sister were quoted as saying the 45-year-old had been returned from a hospital to the camp on 20 January . Mr Bae , a Korean-American , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced to 15 years' labour in May . North Korea says he used his tourism business to form groups to overthrow the government . He was taken to hospital year after suffering weight loss . His family say he has health complaints including diabetes and liver problems . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Washington had learned about Mr Bae 's transfer to the camp from representatives of the embassy in Pyongyang , which acts on behalf of the US in North Korea . Ms Psaki said the diplomats \" have met Mr Bae 10 times since his detention , on 7 February in a labour camp \" . She added : \" We continue to urge DPRK ( ) authorities to grant Mr Bae amnesty and release on grounds \" . Ms Psaki did specify Mr Bae had been forced to the camp . , a US state department official and Mr Bae 's sister confirmed the 20 January date . \" He 's to eight-hours-a-day , six-days-a-week labour ,\" Terri Chung , Mr Bae 's sister , was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency . Pyongyang has made no comment on the reports . On Thursday , US President Barack Obama used the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington to say : \" We pray for Kenneth Bae , a missionary who has been left in North Korea for 15 months . \" \" His family wants him , and the United States will continue to do everything in our power to secure his release because Kenneth Bae deserves to be . \" If the details of his transfer are confirmed , it would mean Mr Bae was returned to the camp on the day as he spoke to media in North Korea under prison guard - his \" press conference \" since the detention . Mr Bae denied media reports that he had been treated and called for US \" co-operation \" to secure his release . Correspondents say he may have been speaking under control . North Korea has arrested US citizens in years , including journalists and Christians accused of proselytising . They were released after visits to Pyongyang by officials , including presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter .", "Owner Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool 's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier . St John Stott , director at Cuerden Leisure , which owns Eastbourne Pier , said the company was \" restructuring its assets \" . Blackpool North Pier was bought by a businessman in 2011 . , they are on the market for offers of \u00a3 12.6m , with guide prices of \u00a3 4.8m for Blackpool Central , \u00a3 3.3m for Blackpool South and \u00a3 4.5m for Llandudno Pier . Blackpool Central Pier is home to a 33m ( 108ft ) Ferris wheel , Blackpool South Pier and Llandudno Pier were all built in the Century . Llandudno , which is 695m ( 2,280ft ) , is the pier with listed building status meaning any owners would require Listed Building Consent to make changes to the structure . Known as the \" Queen of Welsh Piers \" , it nestles in the crescent bay between the outcrops of the Little and Great Orme . Blackpool Central Pier , which stands at 341m ( 1,118ft ) , and Blackpool South Pier , which is 150m ( 492ft ) , do benefit from listed status , despite opening in 1864 and 1892 . Richard Baldwin , a director at Bilfinger GVA , which is selling the piers for Cuerden Leisure , said it would be that a owner would make changes . He said : \" In our opinion , the value is in the existing use and this is to change at either of the Blackpool piers . \" A spokesman for the National Piers Society , which promotes the preservation and continued enjoyment of piers in the UK , said : \" These piers are all in order and trading , and , given that Easter is upon us , I have no doubt that they will find a buyer or buyers . \"", "Domingo has been in the role since May 2013 and his contract ends in August . Cricket South Africa have said they are \" resolved to begin a recruitment process \" as they look to appoint a head coach \" to the 2019 World Cup \" . South Africa will play three one-day internationals , three Twenty20 games and four Test matches against England . Domingo 's side are ranked in Tests , in internationals and in T20 cricket . The 42-year-old guided his team to a 3-0 Test series win over Sri Lanka this month and a 2-1 away Test series success in Australia in November . South Africa won the of five one-day internationals against Sri Lanka on Saturday with a eight-wicket victory at Port Elizabeth . Sri Lanka were bowled out for 181 and South Africa reached 185-2 with 15.4 overs remaining with Hashim Amla scoring 57 and Faf du Plessis making an 55 .", "Lil ' Chris , whose name was Chris Hardman , rose to fame in Channel 4 's Rock School . He was found at in Lowestoft on 23 March . His family said the 24-year-old struggled with health issues and depression . A funeral was held this month . The inquest , at St Margaret 's House in Lowestoft , was told the hearing has been adjourned until 28 July . Suffolk coroner Dr Peter Dean conducted the hearing , which was told the musician was found by his friend . The emergency services were called to the house in Union Road , before Mr Hardman was declared an hour by a paramedic . Dr Dean expressed his \" sympathy \" to the family . Following Mr Hardman 's death , musicians and fans paid tribute on media to the singer , who had his hit single with Checkin ' It Out . It followed his appearances in the Channel 4 series with Kiss frontman Gene Simmons in 2006 , which was set at the town 's Kirkley High School . Guy Barnes , a producer who was working with Hardman , said : \" as we 're all mourning the death of the boy , everybody needs to put love and strength as they can do into the Hardman family because I do know anyone deals with that . \" In a statement released after Lil ' Chris 's death , his family said he was a \" personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him \" . \" He was a person who used this side of his personality to make others smile , to cheer people up and to make others feel ,\" they said . \" A people person , he would take the time to stop and talk , who or and we are that he was thought of by all who knew him . \" Family and friends gathered for his funeral on 8 April in Gorleston , Norfolk , before releasing balloons in his colour of green on Claremont Pier in his hometown of Lowestoft . Samaritans' deputy executive Fiona Malcolm has said the charity had been \" saddened \" by his death . \" If anyone has been affected by this news , or is struggling to cope , we would like to let people know that Samaritans is for them if they need to talk ,\" she said .", "Andrew Platten , 55 , from Bingley , died at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road in the town on Tuesday.\u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac West Yorkshire Police said officers had tried to stop the car after seeing the driver \" acting \" . Police said the car \" sped off and collided \" with Dr Platten a distance . The matter has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission . A Bradford man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by driving . He has been released on bail . Dr Platten worked at Leeds Beckett University . Its website describes him as an dean for and provision in the Faculty of Arts , Environment and Technology . In a statement , his family said : \" Andrew excelled as a and academic , with a love for art , poetry and music . For anyone that knew him , cycling was his passion as he became a recognised rider on the roads . \u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac \" he was a loved friend , brother and uncle , partner and a father . He will be missed , but he has left his stamp on all who met him . \" He will be cherished and forgotten , living on in all our hearts . \"", "Northern Ireland 's world number three is to tee off with Americans Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler at 02:45 GMT ( 10:45 time ) on Thursday . The 26-year-old leads the Race to Dubai rankings with three tournaments remaining . \" I 'm feeling . I ate something a couple of nights and Tuesday was ,\" he said . \" I thought I would be Wednesday morning , but I had a piece of toast and a couple of bits of melon for breakfast and I came and tried to hit some balls , but making a couple of swings my stomach was . \" I need another day of rest and I will be tomorrow and I can play . \" major winner McIlroy is the winner of the Race to Dubai - the European Tour 's event - having claimed titles in 2012 and 2014 . He leads England 's Danny Willett , Irishman Shane Lowry and Louis Oosthuizen .", "The 35-year-old skippered the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016 , but than 12 months on the county are bottom of the Division One Championship table . Bell , who played for England in November 2015 , was was left out of the Bears' T20 side . \" This is the time for me to stand down ,\" Bell said . \" As a player , I will support the team in all ways and I believe that our squad has times . \" It 's been an honour to lead my home county over the 18 months and my decision to stand down is something that I have thought and about over a period of weeks . \" Bell is to be replaced by England batsman Jonathan Trott as captain of Warwickshire 's Championship side . The county 's sports director Ashley Giles said Bell made a \" \" decision to focus on batting . \" Having him focused on scoring runs for Warwickshire and Birmingham Bears is a asset to the club ,\" Giles said . Warwickshire , who won silverware in Bell 's season as captain , are in Division One relegation trouble , having lost five of their nine matches - four of them by an innings . Bell , the international in Warwickshire history , having played 118 Tests , 161 one-day internationals and eight T20 matches , has scored 345 runs from 14 innings , at an average of 24.64 . He has made a Championship century since April 2016 . In the T20 Blast , he has hit 251 runs in 12 matches at a strike rate of 117.29 , but he was dropped down the order after a run of scores at opener . Having batted in the Bears' game , he was left for the group game on Friday , which the Bears won against Lancashire at Old Trafford to secure a place in the quarter-finals . New Zealand international Grant Elliott captained the side and will be expected to for this Friday 's tie against Surrey at The Oval . Bell , who was part of the Birmingham Bears T20 Blast title-winning side in 2014 , won the Big Bash in Australia winter with Perth Scorchers .", "The policewoman , Sandra Bertin , was in charge of security cameras . She said she had been told to report the presence of police units , although she had seen them . than 80 people died a lorry struck crowds celebrating Bastille Day on 14 July . So-called Islamic State ( IS ) said it was behind the attack , which was carried out by a man , Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel . Ms Bertin told the Journal du Dimanche ( in French ) she had been instructed by an interior ministry official to report the presence of police units on the Promenade des Anglais at the time of the attack . \" The police were , but I could see them on the video ,\" Ms Bertin said . She told the Journal du Dimanche she had been \" harassed for an hour \" by Mr Cazeneuve on the phone . The interior ministry says there were 64 members of the police on the seafront - as per arrangements with Nice city hall . But the BBC 's Hugh Schofield in Paris says Nice city hall believes some of these police had been replaced by police - who were and to intervene to stop the killer . The suspicion - denied in Paris - is that there has been a cover-up , our correspondent says . Mr Cazeneuve said he would sue for defamation over the \" accusations \" . The government has faced criticism for preventing the attack , at a time France was in a state of emergency following the attacks in Paris in November year . ministers were booed they attended a ceremony in Nice to remember the victims . President Francois Hollande said on Friday he had \" confidence \" in Mr Cazeneuve . week , authorities in Nice refused a request by police to destroy CCTV images of the attack . The Paris prosecutor 's office said the request had been made to avoid the \" dissemination \" of images . But officials in Nice responded by filing a document , arguing the footage could constitute evidence .", "Hamilton struggled to behind the Ferraris of title leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen while team-mate Valtteri Bottas took a win . Hamilton said : \" congratulations to Valtteri . job and he deserves the win . He has been all weekend . \" For me , a , weekend . I am in the races I will be to pick up the pace . \" Bottas' win ensured the damage to Hamilton in the championship was limited as - Vettel leads by 13 points but it would have been 20 had the German won the race . \" It 's we are of the Ferraris ,\" the Briton said . \" It has stopped Sebastian pulling . \" Hamilton was than half a second than Bottas in qualifying and as the Finn made a start from and took the lead at the corner , Hamilton did make ground from on the grid . The 32-year-old suffered overheating problems as he chased Raikkonen in the stint of the race and dropped over the pit-stop period to finish 25 seconds behind the Finn and 36 behind Bottas . \" I do remember the time we had that [ overheating ],\" Hamilton said . \" It meant I was out of the race from the get-go . \" I think I had the pace to fight with Kimi but the car was overheating the the time . I 'm we will go to the drawing board and figure it out . \" Bottas joined Mercedes over the winter following the retirement of world champion Nico Rosberg . Bottas said his win felt \" \" , but added : \" It 's a feeling and I am . \" He added : \" I knew I could get results if everything goes and I trust in my ability . But it 's to get confirmation that the results are . \" It took quite a while , than 80 races for me , but it 's the wait . This opportunity came to me in the winter to join the team and they made it , so I want to thank them . \" Bottas moves into place in the championship , 23 points behind Vettel and 10 behind Hamilton . He said : \"[ Winning the title ] has been the goal for me in my career but I have had the chance to prove it . I have the chance to prove I can win races and titles . Two weeks people were saying I am the number two driver but today it looks . \"", "Haydn Harwood , 33 , says the spiders are in \" every nook and cranny \" of the walls of his house and garage in Llanedeyrn . He said his wife , Kayleigh , and any family members who visit are of venturing into the garden . Tube spiders are one of the UK 's , with bodies up 2.2cm ( 0.9in ) , with iridescence on their jaws . Mr Harwood spotted the colony at his home a year . He said : \" They are creatures so I had seen them until one night I was outside having a cigarette because I am allowed to smoke in the house . \" I saw something move , went in and got a flashlight and saw them all in the cracks of the walls . They were in the eaves , along the wall , down the side of the house and under the kitchen window . \" It is a bit of worry for our pets . \" We have two cats and a Chihuahua and it would be if they got bitten by them . Tube web spiders - Segestria florentina He asked a friend for help to exterminate them but within three months the colony had returned . Mr Harwood said he has asked Cardiff council for help . Experts say the spiders originated in the Mediterranean and Africa and made their way to Britain on cargo ships . They believe the spiders are survive and spread because of the UK 's climate .", "The profit included a ' write back ' of \u00a3 27m in impairment charges . That means money which had been set to cover losses can be released as loans performed than expected . These are the performance figures the bank has published since a reorganisation in 2015 . At that time the bank 's parent company , RBS , split Ulster Bank 's operation into businesses , north and of the border . Richard Donnan , head of Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland , said the results showed a 6 % decline in operating costs from \u00a3 154m to \u00a3 145m . \" We have work to do to manage our costs in order to grow our business in a way , but we have made progress on that front ,\" he said . \" I am that we have impairment write backs of \u00a3 27m , driven by improved and property market conditions . \" In March , the bank said it would close nine of its 64 branches from October . Ulster Bank is one of the four banks in Northern Ireland , employing 2,200 staff . In 2016 RBS , which is 72 %- government owned , reported a \u00a3 7bn loss .", "The victim 's body was found at Hedderley Walk , near St Ann 's Well Road , in the St Ann 's area after 16:00 BST on Sunday . roads in the area were sealed off and officers carried out patrols of the area . The victim was a man but no details have been released . Police have appealed for any witnesses to come .", "1.85 million requests for support were made year , but over 650,000 people received help . Councils have been warning for a number of years that a shortage of funding is causing problems . But the Health and Social Care Information Centre figures shows it is for people to get help . 144,000 of the requests for help resulted in care , which includes places in care homes or help in the home for tasks as washing and dressing . 220,000 got help , as rehabilitation after discharge from hospital , and another 300,000 got support as walking aids and telecare . The rest either received nothing or were advised to seek help from charities , the NHS or from housing services . Unlike the NHS , care is and people will pay something towards the cost of their care , with some covering the cost . , a survey of 70,000 people who did get help revealed their experiences of care . Some 65 % said they were or with their care and 26 % were , but one in 10 was . One in 20 did feel or and the proportion said they did get food and drink . Janet Morrison , executive of the charity Independent Age , said the figures painted an \" picture of services cut to the bones \" . \" This is a result of \u00a3 4.6bn cuts to care budgets since 2010 and comes despite an ageing population which is increasing the need for these services ,\" she added . The figures come after a coalition of health and care groups wrote to the Treasury month warning that the care sector needed to be protected as the \" deepening crisis \" was putting people in danger . The government said its spending plans would be revealed in November , but pointed out that a \u00a3 5.4bn fund - the Better Care Fund - had been established in April to ensure NHS money was used for services that support care . But Izzi Seccombe , of the Local Government Association , said : \" We need to see a change to the funding system which , over the five years , has seen an increase in funding for the NHS but a decrease in funding for care . \" This threatens to leave councils struggling to commission the support which keeps people out of hospital and living and lives in their communities . \"", "Celia Castedo told media said she had warned that the plane had fuel to reach the destination in Colombia . Ms Castedo is in Brazil she is seeking asylum . The crash killed 71 people , including of the Chapecoense football team . The plane was taking the team to Colombia for the of a tournament it ran out of fuel , plunging into a mountainside near the city of Medellin . In a leaked tape , the pilot , Miguel Quiroga , can be heard warning of a \" failure \" and \" lack of fuel \" . In her letter ( in Spanish ) published in the media , Ms Castedo , who worked in air traffic control , said she had no authority to stop the doomed flight , saying that was with Bolivia 's aviation agency . She said that of authorising the flight , she had tried to stop it , accusing superiors of a cover-up . \" I was subjected to harassment and pressure from my superiors ... who ordered me to change the content of the report which hours [ before the flight ] I had presented ,\" she wrote . \" Based on a examination , I had made five observations , one of the of which referred to the fuel economy of the flight , which happened to be to the flight time . \" Bolivia 's Public Works Minister , Milton Claros , dismissed Ms Castedo 's allegations . \" There were no observations made to the flight plan ,'' Associated Press quoted him as saying , with the minister accusing Castedo of fabricating the document after the crash to cover-up her errors . officials have urged the authorities to return her , with one saying Ms Castedo was trying to escape justice . The head of the flight 's operator , Gustavo Vargas , has been arrested over the crash . six people survived . One of them , crew member Erwin Tumuri , said an stop for refuelling in the city of Cobija had been dropped by the pilot . There was no warning to the crew or the passengers that the plane was facing or fuel problems , Mr Tumuri told Brazil 's Globo TV .", "The woman , Wu Shuoyan , is alleged to have been killed May for refusing to hand over her phone number to cult members . The murder , filmed on CCTV and on phones , sparked outrage . The Church of the Almighty God cult is banned in China but claims to have millions of members . Following the killing in May , authorities said that they detained hundreds of members of the cult , reports the BBC 's Martin Patience in Beijing . Interviewed in prison , one of the defendants , Zhang Lidong showed no remorse . He said : \" I beat her with all my might and stamped on her . She was a demon . We had to destroy her . \" The group had entered a McDonalds branch in Zhaoyuan in Shandong province May soliciting phone numbers and hoping to recruit members to their cult . Ms Wu was waiting in the restaurant with her son and she refused to give her number , an act which prompted the beating while they screamed at diners to keep or they would face the fate . The face of the Church of the Almighty God is a website of uplifting hymns and homilies . But its core belief is that God has returned to earth as a woman to wreak the apocalypse . The person who claims contact with this god is a physics teacher , Zhao Weishan , who founded the cult 25 years and has fled to the United States , says BBC China Editor Carrie Gracie . No-one knows he is , but of the website 's message of hostility to the government is delivered in English as Chinese . The cult complains that faith has suffered from persecution by the Communist Party . Since the McDonald 's murder , outrage has forced the authorities to increase pressure on the Church of the Almighty God with arrests and raids .", "1,000 people gathered to observe a minute of silence and candles in front of the Senedd . There are over 2,000 people living in Wales registered with the consulate in London . Marie Brousseau-Navarro , the Honorary Consul of France in Cardiff , said messages of support had been touching . She said : \" We are in shock and in sorrow ... And united with all the people who have marched across the world . \" Saleem Kidwai , chairman of the Muslim Council of Wales was applauded by the crowd as he told them to \" stand shoulder to shoulder \" . \" My condemnation is ,\" he said . \" We will win and truth wins over falsehood and light over darkness . \" First Minister Carwyn Jones was among the to hold up a candle for the silence , while others held up pencils . The silence was marked at the end by an applause . , he said : \" The vigil in Cardiff Bay tonight is an opportunity for the people of Wales to pay their respects to those who lost their lives in the attack in Paris . \" It is a chance to show solidarity with the people of France and all those who believe in upholding our values and freedoms that are threatened by acts of terror . \" Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb tweeted : \" Standing with the community in Wales and in support of freedom of speech . 6pm this eve . Senedd , Cardiff . # CharlieHebdo \" In a show of unity , London landmarks have been lit in the colours of the flag . And world leaders have gathered in Paris for a unity march involving over one million people , dwarfing Saturday 's marches that saw 700,000 take to the streets . On Saturday , Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis dedicated his side 's goal in the 1-1 draw with West Ham to the victims of the Paris terror attacks . Wales' police forces and media organisations held a minute 's silence to support those attacked in the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris on Wednesday . A police officer was killed on Thursday and forces stormed two hostage sites in and around Paris , killing three hostage takers , on Friday . \" We have been moved by the hundreds of messages of support and condolences ,\" said Ms Brousseau-Navarro . \" of all we appreciate the support and solidarity . \"", "The 58-year-old moved from his position as executive to director of football this year . Spireites director Ashley Carson said the role was \" \" . Turner , who joined Chesterfield in 2011 , told the club website : \" I am to be leaving Chesterfield , but I can understand the situation and I leave on terms . \"", "The Conservatives want a report into the spending on the 218 \" procurement cards \" used for government spending . A \u00a3 475,540 was spent in the three months of 2015 / 16 . A review was conducted in April 2014 , but ministers said they do publish the results of audits . , all audits are shared with the spending watchdog , the Wales Audit Office . leader Andrew RT Davies said : \" , the minister [ Finance Minister Jane Hutt ] is refusing to publish that report , which leaves a number of questions : is the taxpayer getting value for money ? \" The Tories say they would encourage bodies to publish all spending of than \u00a3 500 . A government spokesman said : \" During the audit process for the government accounts , the Wales Audit Office has the opportunity to review all of the government 's transactions . \" If Mr Davies is suggesting that servants are using procurement cards he should raise his concerns with the secretary . \"", "The \u00a3 40m Pentland Studios project would offer studio space and production facilities in the Straiton area of the city . Creative Scotland has ringfenced \u00a3 1m towards the cost of a studio , while the government has pledged a \u00a3 2m loan . organisations are in turning sites into studios .", "The city council has proposed that owners face fines for dog fouling and is asking the public to take part in a consultation . Dogs could be banned from play areas in parks and owners set limits on the number of dogs they take for walks in public . Authorised officers would have the power to request dogs be put on a lead . Councillor John Tanner , board member for the Cleaner Greener Oxford campaign , said : \" There is nothing than getting dog mess on your shoe or in the wheels of the pushchair . \" Oxford City Council wants to get with dog owners . \" The consultation runs until 31 January and a report is presented to the city 's board in March . If approved , the dog control orders would come into effect on 1 April .", "Officials from Staffordshire County Council and the university said the building , in the town centre , would become an information centre for students . A number of courses will be taught . The courtroom and an art gallery housed in the Grade II-listed building will remain to the public . Campaigners drew up a petition after the council announced it was considering closing the exhibition space to save money .", "A earthquake hit Greenland 's coast on Sunday , producing a surge of water that swept homes and led to reports of a number of people missing . Joint Arctic Command , the group tasked with the search and rescue mission , has published images of the aftermath of the disaster and told the BBC that it continues to monitor the situation , warning that incidents could take place . Homes were submerged and washed after a tsunami hit the village of Nuugaatsiaq , Greenland . Rescuers used liferafts to sweep the area after four people were reported missing . A number of injuries were reported after 39 people were evacuated from Nuugaatsiaq . The surge of water is believed to have swept 11 homes in the village . The authorities said the tsunami was caused by a magnitude-four earthquake , which is for the area . Police chief Bj\u00c3 \u00b8 rn Tegner Bay said he was to confirm whether there had been fatalities . Meteorologists said it was \" \" for such an earthquake to hit Greenland and warned of aftershocks .", "It happened at 12:30 BST . The victim died at the scene . Another man is in a condition . The road is expected to remain for a number of hours while a investigation into the crash is carried out .", "Mrs May will be the leader to meet the president after his inauguration . A trade deal is thought to be on her agenda as she travels to the US for talks . Confirmation of the meeting came as hundreds of thousands of people around the world joined women 's marches to protest Mr Trump 's presidency . Mr Trump 's press secretary Sean Spicer gave details of Mrs May 's visit in his briefing to journalists at the White House on Saturday . , while visiting the CIA 's headquarters , President Trump said the PM \" is coming to our country \" . Nato , the European Union , defence and Russia are all to be discussed in the meeting . The BBC 's correspondent Iain Watson said the \" symbolism will be \" and with Brexit negotiations to get under way , the fact Mrs May will be meeting the president will be \" \" . Our correspondent said there had been a lot of effort to make Mrs May was one of the leaders President Trump would meet . In December the PM 's chiefs of staff , Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill , travelled to the US to build links with the president 's team of his inauguration on 20 January . Theresa May congratulates Trump on taking office In a statement issued after the inauguration , Mrs May said : \" From our conversations to date , I know we are both to advancing the relationship between our two countries and working for the prosperity and security of people on both sides of the Atlantic . \" I look to discussing these issues and we meet in Washington . \" Mrs May has promised to hold \" \" discussions with Mr Trump . She told the Financial Times she believed the president recognised the importance and significance of Nato and the \" importance of the co-operation we have in Europe to ensure our defence and security \" . On the day after his inauguration , at 500,000 people gathered for a rally outside the US Capitol building in Washington while organisers said an estimated 100,000 descended on London on Saturday as events were staged in cities across the US and around the world .", "A travelcard costs \u00a3 135 ($ 174 ) , according to a Deutsche Bank report - \u00a3 33 ($ 43 ) than Dublin , which was ranked city . Auckland , a ticket costs \u00a3 95 ($ 123 ) , came , while New York City , at \u00a3 91 ($ 118 ) , came , and Tokyo at \u00a3 86 ($ 111 ) . Transport for London ( TfL ) said the findings did \" show the cost of transport in countries \" . The survey found the cost of travel in the capital dropped since 2014 , commuters paid \u00a3 165 ($ 213 ) . Source : Deutsche Bank Its authors ranked London for petrol , and the third for car hire . Hong Kong had the petrol , while Amsterdam was the for a car rental , the report said . London 's taxis fared , ranked in a list of 47 cities , with Zurich topping the list for the fares . For quality of life , London was ranked 33rd in the world , to \" mega cities \" as Tokyo , Paris and New York . According to the report , these cities \" rank \" for quality of life , due to \" living costs , crime , pollution and commuting time \" . \" This is and one person 's commute may be another person 's chance to catch up on Netflix ,\" the report said . \" Megacity dwellers may forsake quality of life for reasons ,\" the report added . Wellington , in New Zealand , was ranked as the city to live in in terms of quality of life , followed by Edinburgh , Vienna . Melbourne and Zurich . In February , TfL revealed its fares income was \u00a3 90m year . TfL is planning to cut \u00a3 16bn from its budget by 2020 / 21 as it aims to become self with its operating costs . The Mayor of London , Sadiq Khan , has frozen fares on buses and trams until 2020 , but travelcard prices are set by train operating companies and are under TfL control . A TfL spokesman said : \" London has one of the set of travel concessions in the world with or travel for children , the over-60s , students and veterans . \"", "The Gills , who finished in League One season , have signed eight players this summer . But having started the season with a 0-0 draw to Doncaster and a 2-0 loss to Reading , Pennock wants recruits . \" They 've got to be the players , the characters and they 've got to be players ,\" Pennock , 46 , said . \" Everybody is pulling in the direction - it 's a changing room and if we can add two or three I 'll be . \" Although the club are on the lookout for additions , Pennock is with those who have arrived . Gillingham have brought in defenders Gabriel Zakuani , Luke O'Neill , Connor Ogilvie and Alex Lacey , strikers Liam Nash , Conor Wilkinson and Tom Eaves and midfielder Billy Bingham . \" , I 'm with every one of them - all of the lads who have come have contributed to what we 've done , they 've been ,\" Pennock told BBC Radio Kent . \" I think it 's pushed the others on who were year . The club at the moment is in a place . \"", "It will add than 100 titles to Steam 's store and streaming service , including The Hunger Games , Twilight , and Saw franchises . The range is to US users , with customers having access to a selection . Lionsgate said availability would increase during a rollout . Steam , which is owned by game developer Valve , is the games retailer , with than 125 million users . The platform sells games through download , with gaming features like a list and voice communication , built into the client . It 's the time Steam has released video through its store . Game trailers and advertisements have been for years , and it released documentaries to Play and Indie Game : The Movie . It struck a deal to sell the Mad Max film franchise to coincide with the release of the video game of the name year . The deal with Lionsgate , , is the agreement with a production company . A spokesperson for Valve said Lionsgate 's blockbuster franchises represent the type of entertainment it hopes will drive the continued expansion of their content catalogue . On launch , the selection is limited to 11 titles , priced between \u00c2 \u00a3 3.49 - \u00c2 \u00a3 5.59 for a 48-hour rental - in line with rental prices for releases . Unlike some of its competitors , , Steam operates on any computer platform - including Linux and Mac - but does offer its streaming service to apps . \" Valve has a track record of diversifying beyond games with its Steam platform by selling forms of software and as a company is to test out technologies and models to see what works ,\" said Piers Harding-Rolls , head of games research at IHS Technology . \" Steam offers a distribution platform with users in all markets and , for , video content competition . It aligns with Valve 's move into reality with Steam VR , platforms are taking advantage of 2D video content which is being consumed through VR headsets . \" I think this is a move from Lionsgate and could deliver a revenue stream from its catalogue . \"", "Among those detained is his brother-in-law and one of the two pilots who flew Guzman to his home state . Mexico 's attorney general said a member of Guzman 's team , described as the mastermind , was arrested . Guzman , head of the Sinaloa cartel , escaped from a prison through a dug tunnel . Attorney General Arely Gomez told reporters on Wednesday that the suspected mastermind of the escape had entered Altiplano prison to visit Guzman and update him on the operation 's progress . She said Guzman 's brother-in-law had supervised the construction of the escape tunnel and organised transport . \" Today we are to affirm that the group for planning , organising and carrying out the escape from outside the prison has been broken up ,\" Ms Gomez said , without naming the suspects . The development comes days after officials revealed the drugs lord had suffered face and leg injuries he evaded a police operation to recapture him in north-west Mexico this month . Ms Gomez confirmed on Wednesday that after his escape , Guzman travelled by land to the city of Queretaro , from he caught a plane to his home state of Sinaloa . His escape was an embarrassment for President Enrique Pena Nieto , who Guzman taunted on Twitter after the event . prison officials have been arrested under suspicion of giving help to Guzman , who fled through a tunnel that ran 1.5km from under a shower in his cell to outside the prison . Guzman was arrested in Guatemala in 1993 and spent a decade in another jail before escaping , in a laundry basket . He was on the run for 13 years before being held in 2014 after a series of arrests of associates and surveillance by the US authorities .", "Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries . It will have community facilities which will be to the public . Highland Council said its contractor Hub North Scotland ( Wick ) Ltd had informed it of delays affecting the completion of the site . The authority said : \" it seems that the campus will be to open in October , as envisaged . \" Highland Council intends the facilities for children and staff , and will accept these buildings until work is completed . \" The council is working with the contractor to determine what the date is for completion of the Wick Joint Campus project , and will make announcements as . \"", "Ministers want all pupils in England to study maths , English , science , one of history or geography and a language at GCSE . But some people \" will find it a problem \" Sir Michael Wilshaw , told the Times Educational Supplement ( TES ) . Sir Michael said subjects would suit some pupils . In he questioned whether the subjects included in the government 's Ebacc would be the thing for pupils who wanted to take apprenticeships they left school . \" I can think of youngsters , at the schools , who will find it a problem and who would have been suited to do English , maths and science and a range of subjects ,\" he told the magazine . In June , the Education Secretary Nicky Morgan confirmed she wants all pupils to have to study the five subjects included in the Ebacc school performance measure . According to Mrs Morgan the move would ensure all pupils received a education and avoid pupils from backgrounds being put off subjects . In addition , the manifesto pledges that schools which do have 100 % of pupils studying this set of subjects at GCSE should be to obtain Ofsted 's rating of \" \" . Both policies will be to a government consultation in the autumn . Sir Michael told the TES he agreed people should be studying these subjects - but said the combination was for everyone . The Association of School and College Leaders , which represents heads , welcomed Sir Michael 's challenge to government policy . General Secretary Brian Lightman said the union shared his concerns . He said a survey by the union found 90 % of school leaders disagreed with making these subjects for all pupils . \" It is on people to take a approach to their education . \" We are that , technology and subjects will be squeezed out of the curriculum . \" Mr Lightman said the union would urge ministers to make the choice of GCSE subjects . The Department for Education said an league table measure , Progress 8 , allows pupils to study a range of subjects . \" As part of Progress 8 , pupils will be to study up to three of our Tech Awards which will provide a foundation for progression on to courses including apprenticeships ,\" said a spokesman .", "The base will be home to HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales , the ships built for the navy . Work on Portsmouth 's jetty , built in the 1920s and upgraded in the 1970s , has begun , with upgrades expected to be completed autumn . It forms part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 100m infrastructure package to prepare the base for the arrival of the carrier . HMS Queen Elizabeth measures 280m ( 300 yards ) and can travel up to 500 miles ( 800km ) a day . The ship 's systems are being tested and it will conduct sea trials year before being handed over to the Royal Navy . It is expected to come into service in 2020 . HMS Prince of Wales is being constructed at shipyards around the UK before it is assembled at Rosyth . completed , the revamped base is expected to create hundreds of jobs in Portsmouth . In November 2013 , BAE Systems announced it was ending shipbuilding in Portsmouth , leading to 585 redundancies , 160 redundancies , and the redeployment of 175 members of staff .", "Stuart Hamilton , 37 , was seen by his friends and family two weeks . Hamilton , from Gorgie in Edinburgh , was seen on CCTV at Haymarket Station on Sunday at 10:16 . He travelled by train to Manchester . He was spotted by a colleague near Buckingham Palace in London on Tuesday at 13:30 . Mr Hamilton is and of build . He is 2in with , , hair . He was seen wearing a top along with a top , jeans and trainers . He was carrying a rucksack . Police Scotland has been working with Greater Manchester Police and the Metropolitan Police Service . Insp Jonathan Elliot , of Police Station , said : \" We are continuing our search for Stuart , which has moved to London . \" Anyone who knows Stuart 's whereabouts in either Edinburgh , Manchester or London , or recognises his description , is asked to contact police . \"", "The angel shark , across Europe , is listed as , with waters around the Canary Islands the place they are seen . But there have been increasing sightings off the coast . Fishermen are being asked to report all catches of the shark . They are being given advice by Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) scientists on to handle and release them . Angel sharks can grow up to 2.5m ( 8ft ) in length . They are known as monk or monkfish by fishermen in the region . They are threatening to humans , living on sand or mud at the bottom of the sea and preying on fish and molluscs . Ben Wray , biodiversity ecologist at NRW , said : \" We know about the ecology of the shark in waters at the moment - the population could be all year , or for part of the year . \" The fact that fishermen and anglers along the coast of Wales are helping us with this research is . \" We hope that the data we gather will help us build a picture of the situation and help our work to conserve these creatures . \"", "29 July 2016 updated at 08:38 BST It 's reached the Pacific Ocean and video filmed from a helicopter shows the liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs . Officials say that the lava is putting any towns in danger but have warned tourists to keep their distance .", "Denis O'Brien obtained the injunction to stop RT\u00c9 from reporting details of his finances and relationship with Anglo Irish Bank . week , a judge granted permission for the media to report details about Mr O'Brien's finances made under privilege in the D\u00e1il ( parliament ) . RT\u00c9 lawyers said as a result there was no need for the injunction to remain . The media mogul 's fortune is estimated to be around \u00a3 5bn . Following the granting of the injunction , the purchase of one of Mr O'Brien's companies was discussed in the D\u00e1il . The comments were made by TD Catherine Murphy under privilege . She said Mr O'Brien owed the Anglo Irish Bank , the nationalised Irish Bank Resolution Corporation ( IBRC ) , of 500m euro (\u00a3 362m ) . Ms Murphy , an TD , said Mr O'Brien was attempting to pay loans at an interest rate of over 1 % , it was that the rate should be over 7 % . In response to her comments , lawyers for RT\u00c9 and the Irish Times returned to the court to seek clarity over whether her remarks could be reported in light of the injunction . A judge told the media organisations that he intended nor could he order any interference with what a TD may say under privilege in the D\u00e1il . The application by RT\u00c9 to have the injunction discharged relates to a planned broadcast regarding information regarding Mr O'Brien's relationship with IBRC . Lawyers for Mr O'Brien said they accepted that following comments made by the Sinn F\u00e9in TD Pearse Doherty in the D\u00e1il on Tuesday evening , there was nothing in the proposed RT\u00c9 script that had been injuncted that warranted restraint . The lawyer added that as he was concerned , the script in its entirety could be published , as a result of events that had happened outside the courtroom . On Tuesday , Mr Doherty gave details of what he said were documents related to Mr O'Brien's IBRC loans during a debate in the D\u00e1il . The Sinn F\u00e9in finance spokesman said he had documents which led to questions about the way IBRC was run in the interest .", "A team statement said Henao , 28 , had been contacted by cycling 's governing body and an agency about data between August 2011 and June 2015 . The Colombian said he was \" \" , having missed three months in 2014 over concerns . \" I know who I am , I have worked and the sacrifices I have made to be I am today ,\" he added . Henao was withdrawn by Team Sky in 2014 while they carried out research into the characteristics of riders who live and train at altitude . They said the results revealed nothing to raise suspicions of wrongdoing . Team Sky stressed Henao had failed a doping test and had been withdrawn because of the \" distraction to him \" . \" We continue to support Sergio and remain in the research which was undertaken ,\" the team added . \" It is our hope that this can be looked at and resolved by all the authorities so Sergio can start racing . \" A climber , Henao signed with Team Sky in 2012 and finished in the 10 in his Grand Tour , the 2012 Giro d'Italia .", "Kevin Patrick Dawes , 33 , was abducted in 2012 as he entered Syria . US officials told the Washington Post that the government acknowledged detaining Mr Dawes , but they believe the government or an group was holding him . The State Department said Mr Dawes was turned over to authorities . The Russia government has been backing the government of President Bashar al-Assad amid a war , which is in its year . The government , which represents US interests in Syria , helped secure his release . State Department spokesman John Kirby said the US is working with the officials to free Austin Tice and missing or detained Americans in Syria . Mr Tice , a journalist , disappeared in August 2012 while working in Syria . He appeared blindfolded in a video a month after his abduction but has been heard from .", "Jason Van Dyke was heckled as he arrived at court he denied six counts of murder . Video released this year showing the shooting of Laquan McDonald sparked an outcry and the resignation of the chief of police . A investigation into the city 's police is under way amid a debate about the police use of force . The inquiry will explore whether race plays a part in the police use of force and whether officers are held . McDonald , who was 17 at the time , was armed with a knife he was stopped by police . But the dashcam footage showed him moving from police Mr Van Dyke opened fire . Step-by-step guide to what happened a whistleblower brought down the police chief Days of protests followed the release of the video , which President Barack Obama said was \" \" . There were calls for Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel to resign and Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy quit his job . On Saturday , Mr Emanuel said the city \" deserved answers \" after a police officer shot and killed a woman responding to a disturbance . According to the Washington Post , Bettie Jones was known as a community activist who spoke out on issues as police brutality .", "BBC Wales Sport understands the Gills made an enquiry for Byrne , before Edinburgh changed his mind over a player he brought to Rodney Parade . Edinburgh opted to end the pursuit out of respect for his club , who he managed from 2011-2015 , so as to weaken their battle against relegation . They are in League Two , seven points above the relegation zone . , Newport have confirmed the release of defender Matt Taylor . The joined from Cheltenham in the summer but made five appearances for the south Wales club . \" to discussions , we can confirm that Matt Taylor will leave the Club with effect having agreed to terminate his contract ,\" a statement from the club read . Taylor is understood to be a target for Torquay United .", "This baby can survive a 1400 revolutions per minute spin in the washing machine . You could say it makes for laundering . The Bank of England says it is and than the cotton paper notes which have been used for the 100 years . But we 're a lot in Northern Ireland : we like our lucre . For people in Northern Ireland , fivers are nothing . To celebrate the Millennium , the Northern Bank ( Danske ) introduced the fiver to pockets in 2000 . Two million of the notes were issued in October 1999 . It did fold quite the into the trouser pocket . But , neither did it attract the dirt from fingers fumbling in a till or handbag to the degree . That was than 16 years , and the paper notes are going . If you get a polymer note these days in Belfast , look up and you might see a pig soar past city hall . In 2005 , the Northern Bank reprinted all of its bank notes after \u00a3 26.5m was stolen from its head office by the IRA . The fiver was the type of note replaced . Paul Black from Danske Bank said that the fiver was introduced , it meant Northern Bank was \" of its time . \" \" We wanted to be and be on the market . Over time that was eroded a , because banks did follow . At the time it was ,\" he said . \" It did create a buzz . People found it . They compared it to monopoly money . \" Down the backs of which sofas do the fivers reside ? Who knows ? But on a internet auction site one seller is asking for \u00a3 125 for the note . The governor of the Bank of England , Mark Carney , said the note would be , and . \" The use of polymer means it can withstand being folded into wallets or scrunched up inside pockets , and can survive a spin in the washing machine ,\" he said . While the notes are , they are expected to last an average of five years compared to the fiver 's two years . security features - as a window - will make the note to counterfeit .", "\" I would say I 'm ... \" , said Reg Foggerdy who disappeared month while hunting a camel in Western Australia . Police trackers found him sitting under a tree on 12 October , 15km ( 9 miles ) from he went . A diabetic who had a heart attack , he said he had given up hope . \" I 've heard of people dying after three days with no water , I do know I survived six days ,\" he told 7News . \" There was a piece of me that wanted to lie and pass . I was thinking of my family who would see me laying . \" Wearing a T-shirt , shorts , a cap and flip-flops , Mr Foggerdy became in the heat of the desert after chasing the camel . He said he poked a stick into an ants nest and ate the insects for nutrition , a tactic he said he learnt from survival expert Bear Grylls . \" They tasted . On the day I had 12 and on the day 18 . If they want to call me ant man I do care ,\" he said . The miner said he spotted police search helicopters times , mustered all his energy to wave his hat at the sky , but rescuers could see him . In the end , a man provided police with the clue - Mr Foggerdy 's slipper print . After coming to death , he says that he has a lease on life . But asked whether he would return to the site of his ordeal he replied : \" I might go and look for me gun \" .", "Media playback is supported on this device Sadio Mane scored in the space of 138 seconds as second-placed Spurs disappointed at Anfield . \" If you start a game like we start it is ,\" said Pochettino . \" It is to fight for the Premier League if you show that lack of desire to play for a win . \" Chelsea can extend their lead at the top if they beat Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday , and Pochettino added : \" If Chelsea go 12 points , it is a problem . \" Spurs have won on the road since 24 September , including defeats at Chelsea and Manchester United in addition to draws at rivals Arsenal and Manchester City . In their 17 meetings with the sides from home , Pochettino 's team have won . \" In the 45 minutes you saw a team that is to fight for the Premier League ,\" the Argentine told BT Sport . \" We are in a position that is up to us . But if you show like today that you cannot cope with the pressure it is to challenge and fight for the Premier League . \" Liverpool and Spurs midfielder Danny Murphy on Match of the Day \" I could believe what I was watching , they had the record season and the joint this year , but they were over the place . Against the sides they have played with a back three but they had a back four today , but I think they should have stuck with what they have done against the sides - play with a three . \" It was unlike Spurs , they do at home , but the contrast is . There 's a lack of pace , and a mindset they go from home . They have to improve and . \"", "Swiss Xhaka , 24 , is believed to have been with a friend who had visited him in London and was returning . The man is understood to have arrived for his flight to Germany and was allowed to board . It is at this point that the abuse is alleged to have occurred . Arsenal have declined to comment than to say it is a matter that is in the hands of the police . A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police told the BBC : \" Police were called at 19:29 GMT on Monday , 23 January following an allegation that a member of staff had been abused at Heathrow Airport , Terminal Five . \" The allegation was made by a party . Officers attended and spoke with a man in his 20s . He was arrested . He attended a London police station he was interviewed under caution . Enquires continue . \" The incident occurred over 24 hours after Xhaka was sent off during his team 's 2-1 victory over Burnley in the Premier League .", "Alexander Ankvab retreated to his home town Gudauta , 40km ( 25 miles ) , talks with the opposition broke down . people in the region are with the ailing economy and lack of reforms . But feeling is fuelling the unrest . By Michael CecireForeign Policy Research Institute The 2014 Sochi Olympics were billed as a way of boosting the economy by bringing tourism to Abkhazia or sourcing materials for construction , but the effect was a source of frustration : the expanded security cordon that penetrated beyond the Russia-Abkhazia border . Some problems can be attributed to the de facto government , but it is Russia that has the power to improve conditions . For example , the building boom in Chechnya has improved conditions ( if rights remain a problem ) , but nothing has happened in Abkhazia . , the opposition 's point of contention is Alexander Ankvab 's ( ) policy towards Georgians in Abkhazia . He has advocated integrating them , granting them \" citizenship \" . The opposition has painted this as a ploy to expand his base and say it could endanger Abkhazia 's identity . Analysis : Unrest in Abkhazia The protesters are led by Raul Khadzhimba , a prime minister and vice-president of Abkhazia , who was defeated by Mr Ankvab in elections in August 2011 . The Black Sea region is recognised as a state by Russia and a countries . It broke from Georgia after a war than 20 years and declared independence in 2008 . Since , it has relied and on Russia . Russia is sending two officials , aide Vladislav Surkov and security council secretary Rashid Nurgaliyev , to Sukhumi in response to the crisis . Opinion among the opposition is said to be divided between those who want Abkhazia to rely on Russia and those who want it to become part of Russia . Mr Ankvab accused the opposition of attempting a coup on Tuesday and said the security forces remained \" to the state \" and were \" taking measures to stabilise the situation \" . Raul Khadzhimba defended the protests , saying : \" Over all the years of his rule the president did allow anybody in his circle to do their work . \" He took upon himself everybody 's responsibilities on their behalf , whether he should or should have been doing this . That led to our country in fact becoming an regime . In a statement , the ministry said : \" The side is following events and with concern ... and considers it that processes develop along lines . \"", "Anagha Nikam was travelling by rail she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her baby daughter . She tweeted to the ministry and asked for help , and milk was provided at the station . The ministry is known for being on Twitter , and has helped passengers in the past . The baby born in a bank queue in India 's cash crisis Mother names baby born in taxi ' Uber ' Ms Nikam 's Twitter communication with Konkan Railway , a division of Indian Railways , happened on 12 March , but the story came to light after the ministry tweeted about it on Thursday . She was travelling in the Happa Express in the state of Maharashtra she used media to seek help for the family . is her Twitter exchange with rail staff unfolded : Ms Nikam was the who thanked the officials - others praised the ministry for being .", "The video for You 're In Love With A Psycho sees band members dancing around a institution with presenter Noel Fielding and Taboo actor Stephen Graham . health campaigners Time to Change said the video played into a \" and \" stereotype . The BBC has contacted Kasabian for a response . The video sees the stars and band members wearing gowns and taking medication before gathering their residents for an dance routine . Time to Change , a movement trying to change attitude towards people with health problems , said the video - combined with the use of the word psycho - was \" \" . Singer Tom Meighan has talked about his health . In an interview with Q magazine , he discussed the impact of a friend 's death and he made himself . Director of Time to Change , Sue Baker , said : \" As musicians have talked about their experiences of health problems it is to see this video . \" The use of the word ' psycho ' in a song and accompanying music video featuring people pretending to be inpatients is , and society is moving on from this and stereotype . \" She said while the harm may have been \" , or irony \" , the video will \" serve to fuel stigma \" . Ms Baker added : \" If fans think it is to call people with health problems who have been inpatients ' psychos ' , we are turning back the tide of progress on attitudes that are and of people living with health problems . \" We are to work with the band and the music industry to help shift stereotypes and stigma . \" You 're In Love With A Psycho is the single from Kasabian 's album , For Crying Out Loud .", "25,000 signatures - 10 % of Cardiff 's voters - are needed to force a vote on the issue . But Labour councillor Ashley Govier told BBC Wales 8,000 have been collected . Cardiff council 's Labour group said it was \" to take the lead from opinion on this issue \" . The Mayor for Cardiff campaign was launched this year with a budget of than \u00c2 \u00a3 20,000 . Daran Hill , from the campaign , said at the time that an elected mayor was a \" , idea \" that could \" energise the people of Cardiff \" . There are 17 mayors in England with on the way , but there are none in Wales . Mr Govier , a councillor for Cardiff 's Grangetown ward , said the debate has \" moved on \" and a mayor was needed . \" We 're going to hit the target , because the council refused to allow petitions ,\" he said . \" We feel we 've moved the debate on and the focus needs to switch to a mayor for east Wales . We have to go . \" Mr Govier claimed the Cardiff Capital Region City Deal - a funding package agreed between UK , and government \u00c2 \u00a3 1.2bn over 20 years - was beginning to stall \" because of governance \" . \" The region has to work on infrastructure and transport ,\" he said . \" A mayor is needed . \" He added there are \" ears throughout the region and across parties \" . Ceredigion is the authority to have had a referendum on the matter . Voters rejected the idea in 2004 by a margin of three to one . A spokeswoman for Cardiff council 's Labour group said : \" Cardiff Labour are to take the lead from opinion on this issue , and as we have seen there is interest in introducing a level of bureaucracy . \" The City Deal is stalling and is moving , despite uncertainty caused by Brexit . \" It will be a boost for Cardiff and the region , and suggestions to the contrary are mischief making . \" A Wales Office spokesman said : \" The Cardiff City Deal is the of its kind in the UK and we are this project is on target . \" The Welsh Government declined to comment in response to Mr Govier 's comments .", "Gosport 's HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse are among 91 Ministry of Defence sites set to close - 35 were earmarked . The town 's borough council said the loss of than 1,000 sailors from the area would affect the economy . Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon announced the closures on Monday . He the closures would deliver value for money and release land across the UK to build 55,000 homes . It is estimated that about \u00c2 \u00a3 140m will be saved over the decade by selling off the sites , which Sir Michael said would be reinvested in creating \" areas of expertise \" in locations across the country , including a specialised infantry group in Aldershot . Leader of Gosport Borough Council , Mark Hook , said : \" We are the majority of jobs will remain in the area , but we 'll lose the benefits of having than 1,000 sailors based in the town . \" He admitted the authority could stop the sale of the land , but said it would work to get the \" outcomes \" for the town . He said it would be \" seeking assurances \" from the MoD that the sites could be redeveloped for business use . \" We need to reduce the impact on the area by using these sites to create business spaces that will bring with them opportunities and jobs to benefit people ,\" he said . Unions have described the plans - which are part of a review of Ministry of Defence land - as \" \" and have promised to fight the closures .", "HM Revenue & Customs said the plant , on the outskirts of the city centre , could have cost taxpayers \u00c2 \u00a3 138m a year in lost duty and taxes . Four lorry loads of tobacco , cigarettes and packing materials have been seized . Ten men , aged between 26 and 40 from Brazil and Paraguay , were detained on suspicion of immigration offences . Read news for Birmingham and the Black Country Customs officials said the building was kitted out with machinery to produce and package cigarettes on an scale . The raid took place over days week but details have been released . A number of men were detained by immigration enforcement officers . A residence was searched . Stuart Taylor , HMRC 's Fraud Investigation Service director , said : \" Tobacco fraud costs the UK \u00c2 \u00a3 2.4 billion a year in lost tax , money that should be funding services in the UK . \" Sajeela Naseer , Birmingham City Council 's head of trading standards , said the investigation into the cigarettes recovered was continuing .", "A report said the force was at protecting victims . Surrey Police boss Nick Ephgrave said the force was at preventing crime but this came at the expense of investigations . Inspector Zoe Billingham said Surrey showed a \" commitment to keeping people from harm \" . She said the force had , neighbourhood police teams who worked with councils , and neighbourhood officers had training than in forces . But she said : \" The way the force investigates crime requiring investigations is . \" investigations that we reviewed were of an standard and there were delays in examining computers and phones for evidence . \" She said the force needed to improve its understanding of the threat posed by crime , improve its process for mapping those groups , and mobilise its neighbourhood teams in the fight against crime . Mr Ephgrave , constable , said the force was tackling concerns by increasing resources to protect the , and providing training , process and use of systems , and a culture change in the force operated . He said : \" None of these things can provide an fix but they are starting to deliver results . \" A report by HM Inspectorate of Constabulary ( HMIC ) in December year found Surrey Police 's approach to protecting people to be . Surrey police and crime commissioner Kevin Hurley said changes were in place , including a change in constable . This month it emerged that Mr Hurley had considered seeking Ms Owens' dismissal as Surrey Police chief . She resigned autumn to move to her role as director general of the National Crime Agency Mr Hurley said : \" we look at the buck stops , it stays with the team manager . \" But he said the force was turning , with reductions in robbery and burglary , improvements in crime and rape investigations , praise for the force 's action on behaviour . The BBC has approached Ms Owens for a comment . In a response , she said blame apportioned to her was \" and \" . \" I was selected to my role by the Home Secretary after a and process and am focused on leading the National Crime Agency in its fight to cut and crime ,\" she said .", "The corporation had charged users subscription fees to watch programmes via the app in Western Europe , Australia and Canada . , it came to the US . Reports suggest pay-TV operators had threatened to drop the BBC America channel if the app had launched because they believed it would cost them viewers . Both BBC America and the edition of iPlayer screen some of the corporation 's known programmes , including Doctor Who , Top Gear , Sherlock and David Attenborough 's history documentaries . Press releases had described the facility as a \" pilot \" meant to provide \" consumer insights \" . BBC Worldwide - the broadcaster 's arm - announced it intended to pull support for the Global iPlayer app in October 2013 , saying it would focus on making material via the BBC.com website . The corporation repeated the point in its review July , but until had provided an shut-off date . \" As announced in July 2014 , the service will be closing this year as planned ,\" said a spokeswoman . \" The service will close on 26 June . \" She declined to provide usage statistics . The iPlayer app was made as an iOS app in July 2011 but was extended beyond Apple 's platform . users were charged a \u20ac 5.99 (\u00a3 4.30 ) fee , while Canadians and Australians were offered a rate of 6.99 dollars (\u00a3 3.70 ) and 7.49 dollars (\u00a3 3.80 ) . The content provided was from that offered via the UK version , including shows from the corporation 's library in addition to broadcast programmes . In , than 2,000 hours of shows were on offer on the edition of iPlayer , including Gavin and Stacey , Fawlty Towers , Planet Earth and \" \" episodes of Doctor Who . Users have been notified of the switch-off , and subscriptions are being cancelled . \" We would like to thank all of our subscribers for using the service . We are developing plans to launch services across devices ,\" reads a statement on BBC Worldwide 's site .", "The building in Hammersmith 's Margravine Cemetery , London created in 1869 , has been given Grade II listing . Families to pay for a burial used to keep relatives in their homes , contributing to cholera outbreaks in the city . Historic England said the store was \" and \" . Director of listing Roger Bowdler said had to keep their bodies in their homes during the 1800s , \" you 've got the living cheek-by-jowl with the \" . The building used for holding the before funerals , was an example of the facilities proposed by Edwin Chadwick , secretary to the Poor Law Commission , who led a review of conditions . The store addressed people 's fears that their relatives would be buried before they had died . The use of reception houses was phased out with the introduction of undertakers in the 1880s and the building is the survivor of its kind in the capital , according to Historic England . Heritage minister Tracey Crouch said the building was \" an part of London 's history \" as it \" gives us a glimpse into cholera outbreaks changed attitudes to burials and health . \" Receiving the listing could help secure funding for any conservation work on the reception house .", "The winning image , by Hadi Asadi from Iran , shows the US president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning hair . Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held contests in the past on themes including the Islamic State group and the Holocaust . This year 's logo is based on the emblem , with a T of a swastika . It encouraged comparisons between the US president and Nazism . \" The ' ism ' in Trumpism is a reference to racism and Nazism ,\" organiser Masuod Shojai Tabatabaei told the Associated Press . \" believe his remarks are to Hitler . He has had a attitude toward media [ and ] refugees . \" The group 's cartoon contest year drew condemnation from Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu . But organisers said it was designed to highlight standards on speech than cast doubt on the genocide . Others depictions in this year 's competition drew on Mr Trump 's promises to build a wall on the border as violence against women and attacks on the media . Entrants include cartoonists from the US and the UK . American Clayton Jones 's artwork shows the cover of two copies of Time magazine , one with President Trump 's picture and the with Adolf Hitler . They are both are portrayed as Time 's Person of the Year with Mr Trump telling Hitler : \" It is a honor \" and in return Hitler replies \" Ja . \"", "James Chester scored the penalty with Vale 's Richard Duffy the man to miss from the spot . Over 120 minutes , Vale matched Albion , who left wantaway striker Saido Berahino out of their side . The Baggies' Salomon Rondon missed the chance of the game - hitting the crossbar from range .", "The 29-year-old joined the U 's on a in May 2015 but has made six appearances for the League Two side . He spent part of season on loan at Stevenage and has spent time with Luton and Preston . \" I 'm to be . I 've worked throughout pre-season and I 'm to get playing football ,\" Keane told the club website . Find all the football transfers on our page .", "Police Scotland said two men broke into the farm house to Corsock , Castle Douglas , between 23:30 on Thursday and 01:00 on Friday . They stole items including a number of war medals , gold watches and antiques . Officers have appealed for information and said the robbers may have been \" casing \" the property before the raid . Det Sgt Graeme Robertson said : \" I believe that whoever broke into this house knew what they were looking for - that is the medals , watches and antiques . \" the householder , a woman , who was in the house at the time , was injured but she is by what has happened . \" The men were described as being spoken , with accents , of height and build and wearing clothing . One of the men was wearing a balaclava and gloves . \" Due to the location of the house and the items taken , we believe that the two men would have had to have the use of a car . \" It is that they may have been in the area before the break in ' casing ' the house so I would ask anyone who may have witnessed any behaviour around the area during this time , or anyone who may have been offered these items for sale , to contact police . \"", "Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon \" My thoughts are with everyone involved in this incident , and with the friends and families of the six people who lost their lives in what is another day for Glasgow and Scotland . \" Prime Minister David Cameron \" I 'm being kept briefed on the incident in Glasgow . My thoughts are with the families of those involved and the emergency services . \" Labour leader Ed Miliband \" news from Glasgow - my thoughts are with all those affected by this accident . \" Secretary of State for Scotland Alistair Carmichael \" I share Scotland 's shock at the events in Glasgow this afternoon . On the eve of the period , these are scenes in one of the parts of our city . \" Church of Scotland Moderator John Chalmers \" The news from the city centre of Glasgow a days before Christmas is . For the year in a row Glaswegians will have to dig into their reserves of compassion and sympathy as they support the families of those who have been killed and injured today . \" Glasgow Archbishop Philip Tartaglia \" The circumstances could be . I would ask any person of faith to pray for those who have died and their relatives and those who have been injured . \" Glasgow City Council leader Gordon Matheson \" This is a tragedy and our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected , the families of those who have lost their lives . \" Glasgow Lord Provost Sadie Docherty \" This is and . My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those affected by this incident . \" Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy \" People in Glasgow and across the whole of Scotland will be mourning this loss of life to Christmas . No words will be to do justice to the pain the families involved will be feeling this evening . \" leader Ruth Davidson \" This is a tragedy , in the heart of Scotland 's city . No-one expects that people , out to do some Christmas shopping , would fail to make it .", "Ben Earl , Alex Mitchell and Josh Bayliss scored England 's tries , with Max Malins adding one conversion . Asafo Aumua got three of New Zealand 's 10 . Scotland took place with a 24-17 victory over Australia , sealed by a try from Charlie Shiel . Wales beat Italy 25-24 to finish , while Ireland beat hosts Georgia 24-18 for . England had beaten Wales , Samoa and Australia to Pool A , before a 24-22 victory over South Africa booked their spot in the final . New Zealand beat Scotland , Italy and Ireland to win Pool B , defeating France 39-26 in the semi-finals . South Africa beat France in the play-off .", "The carriageway was closed between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services , with congestion stretching as junction 15a for Towcester . Police were called to the incident at 18:45 BST on Thursday and have closed two lanes . A Northamptonshire Police spokesman said traffic was being turned in an attempt to get it off the motorway .", "Ross-shire Engineering has secured the investment across the five years supplying equipment to Scottish Water . The firm in Muir of Ord has created 100 jobs to allow it meet the needs of the utility company . The investment has provided job security to the existing 273 staff members . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visited the company 's premises near Inverness on Monday , following a tour of Nigg Energy Park on the Cromarty Firth . She said : \" Ensuring a economy is to Scotland 's success . \" This funding Ross-Shire Engineering has secured provides a boost in providing jobs and investment across the Highlands , as providing utility services to Scotland 's homes and businesses . \" In , I am they will be investing in their apprenticeship job programme , providing training and employment to people living in the Highlands in a jobs market . \" The minister added : \" week I set out my Programme for Government I promised to protect Scotland 's interests , our interests , in the wake of the EU referendum . \" Driving growth is at the heart of that , and I am to ensuring this government does all it can to ensure Scotland 's economy remains for generations . \"", "Marie Logie 's body was found in her flat in Green Gates , Leven , at 20:00 on Tuesday . She had been seen at 08:00 that day . Mrs Logie had sustained head injuries and was pronounced at the scene by the Scottish Ambulance Service . Her family paid tribute to the \" mother , grandmother and friend \" . They said Mrs Logie would be missed , adding that she was \" born , bred and lived in the Leven area all her life \" . \" The family are assisting the police in the investigation and wish to be left at this time ,\" they added . Detectives said there were no signs of a break in and no motive but they said Mrs Logie was murdered in \" a \" way . Mrs Logie was said to be , and was an member of the church . She had spent the period with one of her sons in England , returning in the year . Police said Mrs Logie 's neighbour had spoken to her in the morning . She told the neighbour she was going to the shops and to the hospital to visit a friend . the neighbour did hear from Mrs Logie he went to investigate and found her in her home . Det Ch Insp Keith Hardie , of Police Scotland , said : \" She had a head injury . \" An woman in the safety of her home being subjected to such a attack is . \" \" Whoever has been for causing Mary 's death has preyed on a and member of the community and we are pursuing lines of inquiry as part of this investigation . \" I would ask that anyone who remembers seeing anything in the Green Gates area in the days and hours before Mary was found contacts police . \" In addition , anyone with any information that can help us find Mary 's killer should get in touch . \" Mrs Logan 's Church of Scotland minister said the community had been \" shocked \" and \" \" by the murder . The Rev Gilbert Nisbet , of Leven Parish Church , said : \" Mary was part of the church community and involved in the life of the church . \" I have been the minister for nine years and she came every Sunday and I would chat to her at the door . \" Mary was and , a lady who was and to talk to . People are . \"", "Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft of carrying tons of water to douse the fires . The series of fires , in Chile 's region , are being fanned by winds , temperatures and a drought . One town , Santa Olga , has been destroyed by the blaze .", "The White House and state department said plans for up to 300 homes and an zone were diminishing prospects for a solution to the conflict . Israel insisted than 100 homes had been approved . Its ministry said the homes would be built within the area of an existing settlement . Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) secretary general Saeb Erekat said while Palestinians welcomed Washington 's criticism , they expected it \" to take action \" . \" After 50 years of colonisation and occupation of the State of Palestine , the US must implement the tools to end settlements , including through the UN Security Council , end funding to Israel , and stop funding settlements through organisations fuelling violence and discrimination against Palestinians ,\" he said . About 570,000 Israelis live in than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The settlements are considered under law , though Israel disputes this . In July , world powers warned of \" occupation and conflict \" between Israelis and Palestinians . \" The actions of the government in announcing this settlement undermine the pursuit of peace ,\" said White House spokesman Josh Earnest . State department spokesman Mark Toner said the settlement would be \" another step towards cementing a reality of occupation \" that would \" call into question Israel 's commitment to achieving a negotiated peace \" . It was \" \" , Mr Toner said , because Israel had announced it after the US agreed month to a $ 38bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 30bn ) aid package for the country . , Israel 's ministry said the units did constitute a \" settlement \" . \" This housing will be built on state land in the existing settlement of Shilo and will change its boundary or footprint ,\" a statement said . \" The obstacle to peace is the settlements - a issue that can and must be resolved in negotiations between the parties - but the rejection of a state in any boundaries ,\" it added . Palestinians want an state in the West Bank and Gaza with East Jerusalem as its capital , and say settlements make this .", "The three children were placed in care after the couple 's arrest by counter-terrorism officers in 2015 . Mr Justice Cobb said he was the parents were going to areas controlled by Islamic State . But he said their \" attitude \" had \" changed \" and he concluded that the children should return . The judge , who is based in the Family Division of the High Court , said he was that the couple will meet their children 's needs . He said evidence showed that being in the family home will be in their interests . Details of the case have emerged in rulings published by Mr Justice Cobb following family court hearings in Leeds . The judge did identify the couple . He said they were from London but lived in the north-east of England . Council workers had asked him to make decisions about the children should live . The couple were arrested while in a car with their children at the Eurotunnel terminal in Folkestone , Kent , during the summer of 2015 . They had been accused of any offences as a result of their arrest , but had faced fraud charges . The couple had told police that they were travelling to Germany to visit relatives , although the man admitted that he had been \" drawn into thinking \" . Mr Justice Cobb said evidence caused him \" concern \" and he said he was \" \" that the couple had been heading for areas of the Middle East controlled by IS . But he said suspicion was . Mr Justice Cobb said he had been told the couple had co-operated with services after the children were taken into care . The father said he accepted that things he had said were \" \" and \" a expression of Islam \" , and the mother had accepted that views she expressed \" were \" . \" I am ... that the attitudes of these parents have changed ,\" said Mr Justice Cobb . \" I am from the information placed before me that these parents [ will meet ] the needs of these ... children in all respects . \" He added : \" All considerations point to the conclusion that it is in the interests of the children that they should [ be ] at home in the care of their parents . \"", "The conditions endured by chainmakers and their demands for a wage caused a scandal and in 1910 they held a strike . It lasted for ten weeks and is credited with changing the lives of thousands of workers earning wages . Artist Luke Perry , from a family of chainmakers , has created the statue after than two years . Mr Perry 's statue was unveiled on Friday morning in Mary Macarthur park , named after the trade unionist who led the women chainmakers 102 years . He said : \" It 's something which is a piece of our history , but , I do think people know about it . \" The statue stands at 10 ft ( 3 metres ) and weighs three-and-a-half tonnes . The area 's links with chain making are kept every month at a surviving chain shop at Mushroom Green in the heart of the Black Country . In 2010 , a plaque honouring Mary Macarthur was put up in the park as part of the anniversary events .", "The report warns that a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to radicalisation . Somalia 's militants are believed to be recruiting in Kenya . Kenya has seen a series of attacks with one at a university this year killed 148 people . Although the report does mention the returnees came from , Deputy Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Kenya Muslims ( Supkem ) Hassan Ole Nadu has confirmed to the BBC that they were fighting for al-Shabab . The report was compiled by the IOM , Supkem and the Kenya 's ministry . Researchers found that although adults joined the group , a third of children interviewed said they were forced to enlist . The return of the youth , the report says , provides both \" opportunities and threats for and to Kenyans \" . \" On the one hand , they present an opportunity to counter the radicalising ideologies and recruitment strategies of groups ,\" the report says . \" On the , the response of the security forces is perceived to be promoting radicalisation as the returnees themselves believe that they are and have reintegration options . \" Security in the country was identified by participants as the obstacle to their reintegration in the country . A total of 185 respondents were interviewed , representing 30 % of the estimated total of 684 returnees in the country . The majority were between 18 and 34 years .", "She was a passenger in a car that collided with a lorry on the Legacorry Road at 15:35 GMT on Thursday . The woman who was driving the vehicle is in a condition in hospital . In a incident , Moor Road in Coalisland , County Tyrone , has been closed following a crash .", "The strike is over a 1 % pay rise that was awarded year to all midwives in England , Scotland and Wales . The Department of Health said officials worked to ensure a service was provided during the stoppage . It said midwives in Northern Ireland had the settlement as colleagues in England . \" While we would like to be in a position to have done in 2014 / 15 , it is to recognise midwives and staff received a minimum of 1 % with the rise through progression being 3.7 % and some staff receiving 6.7 % ,\" a spokesperson said . While the midwives in Northern Ireland got the rise in a payment March , those on pay bands did . , received the uplift of around \u00c2 \u00a3 1,500 . According to the Royal College of Midwives ( RCM ) , all midwives should receive the 1 % increase like in the UK , of their band , as the uplift in salary that is built in to the pay system . It has emerged that talks resumed on Tuesday between the Department of Health and some of the health unions . While those negotiations have been described as , action is planned , including claiming for all overtime . Amy Leversidge of the RCM said the department was \" being \" to suggest that midwives in Northern Ireland had received the pay rise as their English colleagues . She said staff on pay bands had received a 1 % \" uplift \" to their pay in February , but at the start of the year in April , their pay went to 2013 levels . progression based on experience and performance was a part of the NHS pay structure than a pay rise , the union 's employment relations adviser said . \" We do want to wait until February 2016 to find out what 's happening - we want to negotiate a solution ,\" she said . Midwife Hazel McAllister told the BBC : \" We are any , or than colleagues in parts of the UK who have gained this 1 % pay rise . \" We feel by the powers-that-be who have refused to pay this . \" I have been a midwife for 37 years - it 's a profession but I would worry about its future . \"", "Northumbria Police said the pair were arrested on suspicion of possessing images . A spokesman said investigations were to \" ensure the safeguarding of those involved \" and to check that there was no ongoing risk of exploitation . Both boys have been bailed pending inquiries . Supt Sarah Pitt said the force was working with schools across South Tyneside to make children \" of the risks around sharing images of themselves and others via text and network sites \" . She said : \" The internet is an tool and networking sites are a way for children to communicate with their friends , but we need to make they stay and know to use it . \" It 's that we make people stay and are of the risks and what they can do to avoid them . \" Anyone who may have concerns about images they have shared or received should speak with a adult or the police . \"", "Police found Kevin Malthouse in Blackshots Lane , Grays , in the hours of Saturday morning following reports of a group of men fighting . The 24-year-old had been stabbed in the chest and died at the scene . Jack Taylor , 18 , from Oakley Close , Grays , has been charged with his murder and is to appear at Basildon Magistrates' Court . Flowers - including moving tributes from Mr Malthouse 's parents and wife - have been laid near the spot he died . For stories from the county , visit BBC Local : Essex A man , who was arrested , has been bailed pending investigations . A man , from South Ockendon , was released without charge and faces no action . Mr Malthouse 's team Tilbury Football Club has paid tribute , saying he was \" a lad \" .", "The sergeant opened fire in June 2014 at his post near the border and fled , sparking a manhunt . He was captured two days after he shot himself during a stand-off with troops . It reignited debate on culture in South Korea , all males must do two years service . The conscript 's attack had been attributed by a defence ministry spokesman to his \" difficulties in adapting to life \" . He had been placed on a list of conscripts requiring attention . In July year , the military completed its investigation into the incident and said the attack , at a post near the border town of Goseong , was in revenge for bullying in the army and at school . The recruit , surnamed Im in reports but named as Lim by Yonhap news agency , was found of killing and injuring his comrades by detonating a grenade and firing at them . He was found of running with a rifle and ammunition , said the news agency . Under South Korea 's law , a soldier must face the death penalty for killing a superior . One of those killed was a staff sergeant . The soldier expressed remorse in a statement month before his sentence was announced , AFP news agency reported . \" I feel for the victims and their relatives ... I am overcome with remorse ... would I be , had it been a dream and had it been to return to the past ?\" he said . incidents in South Korea 's military have been linked to bullying and health problems . year , suicides by conscripts were reported . In April , a private died after he was beaten by his superiors - an incident which was uncovered months by a group . A sergeant was sentenced to 45 years in prison for the crime . Four soldiers were jailed for between 15 and 30 years while a was given a prison sentence . In September year , two forces soldiers died after collapsing during captivity training , from suffocation . The incidents sparked a outcry and prompted the army to take a stance on bullying and abuse . Its chief of staff resigned and his replacement ordered the establishment of a rights commission and investigations into hundreds of bullying cases . to year , South Korea saw incidents in 2005 and 2011 conscripts killed of their comrades . South Korea has said it needs a conscription system to ensure security . It remains at war with North Korea , as the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice than a peace treaty .", "Helen Zille said the \" time was \" for her to step , adding that the DA would benefit from blood . She will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019 . Ms Zille , a journalist and campaigner , has led the party since 2007 . \" These kinds of decisions are a time coming , but in the end they are made ,\" she said . Ms Zille was born in 1951 to immigrants . She has been a defender of South Africa 's constitution , keeping a check on the leading ANC party 's power . In the past , she has criticised President Jacob Zuma and led a campaign to bring him before the courts to face allegations of bribery . Mr Zuma denied the claims , insisting he was the victim of a \" conspiracy \" . The DA 's support is concentrated in the Western Cape , which has a and population , but Ms Zille had tried to make inroads into the electorate .", "Blackwell , 25 , suffered a bleed on the brain in a loss to Eubank in March and was put in an induced coma . The offer comes despite Blackwell saying Eubank and his father were \" \" in they reacted to his injuries post-fight . \" I ended the guy 's career ,\" Eubank Jr told ITV 's Good Morning Britain . \" He said everything was and that there were no feelings , but I 've stopped him being to make a living . \" I wanted to come and see him because I had something for him , and that something is my title belt . \" READ : ' I could see no light at the end of the tunnel ' - Blackwell 's trainer Blackwell woke from his coma a week after the fight , which was stopped in the round , without requiring an operation . Speaking to the Sun on Monday , Blackwell was of the Eubanks' decision to hold a news conference while he was in hospital . \" I was I heard the things he had been saying because we had a talk on media ,\" added Eubank Jr . \" I believe that the belt is a gesture - I 'm to come and give it to him . \" The guy 's a warrior , of what 's been said , the thing that 's is that he is , he 's with his family and he can live a life with no restrictions . \"", "In Palmer on Thursday , at 03:00 an officer told Karen and Jay Priest their son Justin , 29 , had been killed . The couple drove to Justin Priest 's girlfriend 's home to inform her , he greeted them at the door . In fact , another man with the name but birthday was killed . The Juneau police apologised for the error . After hearing the news , the Priests telephoned relatives , drove to Anchorage to tell their son in person , they told Alaska Dispatch News . , the grieving family set out to inform Justin 's girlfriend of five years . At her home at 05:30 , Justin Priest said he heard a knock on the door as he was getting to walk his dog . from sleep , he was to see his family . All erupted with joy , praising Jesus and embracing one another in tears . \" It opens and is Justin . I do see it but Jay is sobbing . It does compute to me . I see him ,\" Mrs Priest told the Associated Press news agency . \" You want it to be , but you go , ' Am I hallucinating ? ' Justin did know what was going on . \" The Juneau police have apologised for the anguish , . Justin Priest told the Alaska Dispatch that the family 's relief and joy is tempered by the awareness another family lost a son .", "The 23-year-old joined QPR from Swindon in May but he has made three appearances for the Championship club . Mark Cooper 's League One side have been hit by injuries this season . \" An injury has meant he 's struggled for game time ,\" said QPR 's director of football Les Ferdinand . \" He 's for a month . He 's got a future at QPR . \" Find all the football transfers on our page .", "The man , who was in his 60s , died at Silverthorn Avenue in the town and police were informed of his death after 12:00 GMT on Tuesday . Officers investigating the circumstances of his death arrested a man in Coleraine after 17:30 GMT . There are no details at present .", "The allegations were made in a BBC Spotlight programme on Tuesday . Mr Adams has denied any involvement in the murder of Mr Donaldson in 2006 . In a statement , BBC Spotlight said : \" The Spotlight programme dealt with matters of interest and the BBC stands by its journalism . \" A lawyer for the Donaldson family spoke to the BBC on Friday after meeting Garda Deputy Assistant Commissioner Derek Byrne and two police officers . Ciaran Shiels said the officers provided an update on progress in their investigation during the meeting in Belfast . \" The one theme that has come out of today 's meeting is that the theory that was being advanced by BBC Spotlight this week , that this was in some way carried out by the Provisional IRA or authorised by Gerry Adams , I think it 's nonsense ,\" he said . Asked the family responded to the claims that Mr Donaldson was killed by the Provisional IRA , and that the killing had been sanctioned by the Sinn F\u00e9in leader , Mr Shiels said : \" It does stand up . \" It does marry in any way with the lines of inquiry that have been progressed by the guards ([ Garda ] or by the the ( police ) ombudsman . \" A man who said he worked as an informer for the intelligence branch of the police told Spotlight that he had been told the Provisional IRA had killed him . The spy , who was in the IRA and Sinn F\u00e9in. , told the programme that in his experience such a murder would have to have been sanctioned by Gerry Adams . The man could be identified because of fears about his safety . What Spotlight was told Agent : I know from my experience in the IRA that murders have to be approved by the leadership . They have to be given approval by the leadership of the IRA and the leadership of the IRA . Presenter : Who are you referring to ? Agent : Gerry Adams , he gives the say . Mr Donaldson was shot in a cottage in Donegal in April 2006 , months after admitting that he had been an MI5 agent for than 20 years . Three years , the Real IRA said it was . Mr Donaldson had worked for Sinn F\u00e9in as an administrator at Stormont .", "Maj Gen James Johnston was faced with 40,000 prisoners at the Bergen-Belsen camp and set up a hospital to treat them for typhus , TB and starvation . His son , Anthony Johnston , said : \" He had to deal with people dying by the hundreds every day . \" The plaque was unveiled in Northiam , East Sussex Gen Johnston lived . Born in Glasgow , he moved to the village with his family in 1973 . 60 people , including members of Gen Johnston 's family , gathered for the unveiling at the pump house on the village green . Gen Johnston was commanding a unit to the border in April 1945 . He was ordered to move his unit to take charge of the and starving at Bergen-Belsen , which had been liberated by the British . Around 70,000 people had died at the camp in Germany . Mr Johnston said his father had been to talk about his World War Two experiences , due to modesty and wanting to block out such a event . \" There were times in his life inmates , who he had come across at the time , got in touch with him and wanted to acknowledge him ,\" Mr Johnston said . \" than that , he did talk about it . \" In an account which is in the Holocaust Museum in Washington , Gen Johnston wrote : \" did I know that I was to be faced with the test of my career , with a situation that would remain engraved on my memory for the rest of my days . \"[ It ] would instil in me a lasting abhorrence of those who had perpetrated this crime on humanity , but of those who had condoned it . \"", "The device was discovered on Foreglen Road on Wednesday morning following a telephone call to a hospital . The road has reopened after a security alert in the area . The device was taken for examination . Det Insp Bob Blemmings said : \" We appreciate that the alert caused traffic disruption and are for the patience and support shown by the community and commuters . \"", "Parents and carers at Camau Bach in Aberystwyth were told someone trespassed into its Green Room from the play area . It said police had been told and were informing schools . Camau Bach shut this year after a boy was left on a minibus for two hours . Dyfed-Powys Police and the charity Mudiad Meithrin , which owns the nursery , have been asked to comment . The letter , signed by nursery manager Sioned Davies , said the individual did come into contact with any children and ran confronted by a staff member . It said , as an security precaution , the height of existing gates would be raised .", "Kingfisher is selling a 70 % stake in the business - which has 39 stores and than 3,000 staff - for \u00a3 140m . The company had announced that it was looking for a partner to develop its B & Q business in China . The transaction , which is to approval by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce , is expected to be completed in the half of 2015 . as B & Q , Kingfisher owns the Screwfix , Brico Depot and Castorama home improvement chains . It owns 50 % of the Koctas brand in Turkey . \" I am to have found a partner who will help us to release the value of our business in China ,\" said group executive Veronique Laury . \" This will enable us to focus our resources and management talent on the and home improvement market . \" Beijing-based Wumei Holdings operates about 650 supermarkets and 10 department stores in China , owning brands as Wumart , Jingbei Shopping Mall , and Merrymart . Ms Laury took over from Ian Cheshire as executive .", "McKenzie , 38 , will take on Jahmaine Smyle at York Hall on 12 November for the English super-middleweight championship . The ex-Norwich and Peterborough man became a boxer in 2013 having quit football two years . He has a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights . McKenzie is the son of and champion Clinton and is trained by his uncle , world champion Duke McKenzie .", "The diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in a part of North Uist . The birds are on the RSPB 's amber list after a decline in numbers . Jamie Boyle , site manager of the RSPB 's Uist reserves , said bags can kill birds if they eat , or become , in one . He said : \" We urge people to take care in the way they dispose of plastic bags or , , any rubbish , balloons and lanterns . \" They pose a threat to our wildlife and it is to think that plastic bags are reaching lochans in a place like North Uist . \" Mr Boyle added : \" birds as divers are at risk both at sea and on their breeding grounds they can mistake the bags for fish or use it for nesting material . \"", "A passer-by found the man , who has been named but was in his 30s , off Promenade Street in Heywood at 23:25 GMT on Thursday . He was pronounced at the scene and officers are treating the death as . A post-mortem examination is to take place and officers have asked for any witnesses to contact them .", "Labour MP for Bassetlaw , John Mann , a Leave campaigner , said people voted to leave because of immigration , zero-hour contracts and job prospects and said a \" divide in Britain \" had been exposed . Mansfield voted to leave , with 70.9 % backing Brexit . Rushcliffe , which includes the towns of West Bridgford and Bingham , was the area to vote for Remain . It saw the East Midland 's turnout . , the turnout in Nottingham was the in the UK at 61.8 % . Leave won by a margin of over 2,000 votes in the city . Mr Mann said his party was \" out of touch \" . \" With the classes voting remain because they see it as benefiting them and the working classes voting to leave because it dis-benefits them - that 's the divide in Britain ,\" he said . reaction and updates from Nottinghamshire Like parts of England , Nottinghamshire voted to leave the European Union . The margin of victory in Bassetlaw , Ashfield and Mansfield was , with than a third of people voting remain . the surprise came in Nottingham , which backed Brexit . Affluent Rushcliffe was the area to vote Remain . Nottinghamshire voted 57.9 % for Leave and 42.1 % for Remain . Conservative Anna Soubry , the MP for Broxtowe and a Remain campaigner , tweeted it was \" a decision \" . \" People like me were told you 're scaremongering , we do want to listen to the experts ,\" she said . \" All that has been proved to be . We have made a , , mistake . \" Labour MP for Nottingham North , Graham Allen , said David Cameron had \" gambled with Britain 's future \" by calling for a referendum , saying people voted to leave \" in protest \" at the government . Turnout was 81.5 % in Rushcliffe - the in the East Midlands and the council area to vote Remain . The vote was , including in Nottingham , the split was 50.8 % Leave , 49.2 % Remain . Alice , a caller to BBC Radio Nottingham from the Carrington area of the city , said she felt \" of the future \" . \" It gives a mandate for a lot of prejudice against people who have immigrated , whether from the EU or ,\" she said .", "Media playback is supported on this device The 2000 Olympic super-heavyweight champion is backing Briton Joshua to be for American Charles Martin in Saturday 's IBF world heavyweight title fight in London . Harrison says \" all the cards are in Joshua 's favour \" , likening the 26-year-old to the ex-heavyweight champions . \" He lives the life of an athlete ,\" Harrison , 44 , told BBC Radio 5 . \" He 's , and . \" I think Anthony Joshua has got that George Foreman , Frank Bruno strength - that ingredient that is to hold him off . \" Watch : Anthony Joshua , Beast Mode Martin has won 23 and drawn one of his 24 fights and beat Vyacheslav Glazkov for the IBF belt in January . Harrison has sparred with the American , whom he calls a \" , , southpaw \" , but says Watford-born Joshua will have the crowd behind him on Saturday . \" Charles Martin will be , and it 's a fight \" said Harrison . \" But I ca see him keeping the steam train that is Anthony Joshua . \"", "Remains of a man aged between 30 and 49 , were found to the M54 motorway in Shropshire , in August . West Mercia Police said two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a Kara , a Sikh symbol - were found inside a jacket that was uncovered . There have been no matches with DNA profiles of missing people in England . The force said it was to ascertain the cause of death , but it was keeping an mind as to the remains came to be at junction four of the M54 at Shifnal . It is understood the remains lay for up to three years . 2 - 3 Years the bones of a skeleton belonging to a man had lain at the site , to junction four of the M54 5 7 - 5 11 Height of the man 30 to 49 Years at the time of death Detectives said they could rule out that \" he may have been subjected to a crime \" . The man , who was between 5ft 7ins and 5ft 11ins , was discovered by a highway worker at the bottom of an embankment . He was wearing a \" dare2be \" outdoor jacket in a size , a V-neck T-shirt from George at Asda and a pair of , Nike tracksuit bottoms . Police said that type of T-shirt was manufactured in November 2007 and sold in March 2008 .", "The tier is shaping up to be a league term with Hearts , Hibernian and Rangers among the sides chasing promotion . And Houston is hoping his charges can grab place , and a play-off berth , at . \" It 's our remit that we 'd love to try to get in the play-offs , that would be a achievement ,\" said Houston . The 55-year-old , who had been working as a scout with Celtic after leaving Dundee United year , is relishing the chance to take on Rangers , Hearts and Hibs . It 's the guys that win games . I 've been to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers as a manager and won The Bairns reached the Championship play-off semi-final in season 2013-14 but were beaten by Hamilton Academical , who won promotion to the Premiership . \" The chances are going to go to one of the three clubs in the league , , that 's on paper and football is played on paper ,\" said Houston . \" I 've got to make that the lads I 've got , they come to face Rangers , Hearts and Hibs , there 's a belief in them . \" It 's a thing for the players at Falkirk to go to Ibrox , Tynecastle , Easter Road and pit themselves against what 's going to be a squad . \" It 's the guys that win games . I 've been to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers as a manager and won . \" A Falkirk player , Houston won the 2010 Scottish Cup as Dundee United boss . And after succeeding Gary Holt , who left the manager 's position at the Falkirk Stadium to join Neil Adams' coaching team at Norwich City , Houston said returning to the Bairns was an offer he could turn down . \" I would have jumped at it if it had been any club than Falkirk , as they mean an lot to me , \" Houston added . \" I left 18 years to go to Hearts as a youth coach and I said in the newspaper I 'd like to go and learn the game come as manager . I did think it would be as 18 years but I 'm to be . \" Houston , who said his eight month stint at Celtic had advanced him as \" coach and a person \" , revealed he is to securing the services of a player-coach for Falkirk . as his spell at Tannadice , Houston was to Craig Levein the was Scotland coach . The pair had worked at Hearts , Leicester and Dundee United .", "He was pulled from the water by the RNLI 's Penlee Inshore Lifeboat at 13:35 BST on Sunday , Devon and Cornwall Police said . A crew member swam to the man and \" recovered him \" after he was found near the bow of an angling boat moored alongside Albert Pier , the RNLI said . The man , said to be , was airlifted to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro and pronounced . Police said the man had been reported floating in the water by a sailing club .", "Johnston 's goal put Kilcoo 1-6 to 0-6 up in the half and was to prove in such a contest . Kilcoo 's lead was cut to a point but the Down champions moved three and held on . Scotstown duo Francis Caulfield and sub Brian McGinnity were sent off . Caulfield was dismissed after getting a yellow card while McGinnity saw red after appearing to strike Kilcoo full-back Darragh O'Hanlon . The Monaghan champions , beaten by Crossmaglen after extra-time in year 's final , had points from Darren Hughes and Donal Morgan to show for their domination as chances were missed . Kilcoo hit with five points after Aaron Branigan opened up their account in the minute . Conor Laverty 's display was to Kilcoo 's improvement as Donal Kane , Paul Devlin ( two ) and Martin Devlin notched points . After being held for 20 minutes , Scotstown found their range in the half as the Shane Carey pointed a and keeper Rory Beggan hit the target from a 45 after missing three efforts . Aidan Branigan 's departure at half-time looked a blow for Kilcoo but his replacement Johnston went on to become the personality in the match . The sides were at 0-6 a piece Johnston held his nerve to produce a finish past Beggan after Laverty had flicked on a ball . After Shane Carey 's reply , Johnston looked to have palmed in a Kilcoo goal but the effort was ruled out - it appeared - for a ball . The decision looked as though it could be match-turning as another Carey point cut Kilcoo 's lead to the minimum but Beggan and Carey missed chances to get Scotstown on terms . Paul Devlin 's point and an Aaron Morgan score , after work by Laverty , left Kilcoo three with three minutes of time left and Carey 's point was all Scotstown could summon in the remaining eight minutes of action . In addition to Johnston and Laverty , Niall Branigan and Darragh O'Hanlon were among Kilcoo 's stars as they set up a meeting either Kilcar or Glenswilly on 30 October .", "Holland and Jenkins' compatriot Stanford pre-qualified for the team in 2015 , leaving one place to fill . The likelihood is whoever finishes out of Jenkins , 31 , and Jody Stimpson in the World Triathlon race on Australia 's Gold Coast will be picked . \" I would love to qualify for another Olympics and go to Rio ,\" said Jenkins . The World Champion finished behind Stimpson in the round in Abu Dhabi on 5 March . \" I was to come with a third in Abu Dhabi ,\" Jenkins told BBC Wales Sport . \" I 'd had a chest infection and came off antibiotics on the Monday and raced on the Saturday . \" The GB team will be announced before the Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon Leeds , 11-12 June . British Triathlon say the quality of the performance in Gold Coast will be taken into consideration as the finishing positions . The athlete would need to finish of Stimpson and show Olympic medal-winning potential . Jenkins won the world title in 2008 and 2011 , and represented Team GB at two Olympic games . Media playback is supported on this device \" I 've been to Beijing and London ,\" she said . \" Qualifying means a lot , but it 's going to kill me if I do go , I 'm a lot coming in to this Olympic cycle . \" I have a desire to go , but have balance in my life so if I do go I have things I want to concentrate on . \" Jenkins has been in Australia for three weeks preparing for this weekend 's race . \" I think my fitness has come on since I 've been ,\" she added . \" I 've had a , block of training and got some running done on the road , which I have done up until this point . I 'm feeling in all disciplines . \" It makes a change for Jenkins who has been plagued with injuries in seasons . \" I 'm going to lie , there 's been a times it 's been it and I 've thought I ca do this any . . . there 's been tears ,\" said Jenkins . \" But there 's something that keeps me going . I do know what it is - but there is something that keeps you going . \" See Helen Jenkins' interview on Sport Wales , BBC Two Wales , 19:30 BST on Friday , 8 April .", "His government has lasted than a year , with support from the opposition party , Fianna F\u00e1il . Brexit and Northern Ireland 's stalemate are among the challenges waiting for the taoiseach . The leadership contest will begin on Thursday , with the leader to be announced on 2 June after an college of the party . County councillors and party members will have their say . While the field may widen before 2 June , the favourites for the post are Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar and Housing Minister Simon Coveney . Born in Dublin , the 38-year-old is the son of a doctor and a mother from County Waterford . He was educated and studied medicine at Trinity College in Dublin , qualifying as a GP before entering politics . He was elected to parliament in 2007 as a representative for Dublin West and held the tourism and health portfolios before taking on his post year . In an RT\u00c9 interview in 2015 , he revealed that he is , explaining that he wanted to be on the matter of the referendum on marriage . \" I want to be with people ,\" he said . \" I do want anyone to think that I have a agenda . \" Mr Varadkar has courted controversy by announcing that people convicted of welfare fraud will be \" named and shamed \" on a government website . In a speech reported by the Irish Independent , he outlined his attitude to Brexit , saying there should be \" no border between north and south \" . The son of the Fine Gael politician Hugh Coveney , the Cork-born 44-year-old has followed his father 's footsteps to a seat in the D\u00e1il ( parliament ) . As a teenager , he was expelled from the Clongowes Wood boarding school for drinking and bunking off to attend a beach party . In a interview with RT\u00c9 , he said he had suffered from a stutter , and lived in the shadow of his brother , who is a businessman . He went to study management at the Royal Agricultural College in Gloucestershire , England , before his election as the member of the D\u00e1il in 1998 . He was appointed as agriculture minister in 2011 and responsibility for defence was added to his portfolio three years . He has made no secret of his desire to lead his party - RT\u00c9 asked the question about his intentions , he said : \" I am , so the answer is yes , some day . \" But I am to Enda and he knows that . \"", "The 13-month-old was found with injuries at her home in Barrow in December 2012 . A inquest was ordered after a hearing in 2014 determined Poppi 's death was \" \" . It was to be held in Kendal from 15 May and will be rescheduled for October while her father seeks aid . Poppi Worthington death : Key dates David Roberts , coroner for Cumbria , said the adjournment followed a request by Poppi 's father , Paul Worthington , who had been to secure aid in time . Mr Roberts said it was \" of importance for Mr Worthington to take part in the process and it will be for him to do in the absence of representation \" . He added : \" It is my findings and conclusion at the inquest may ( depending upon what they are ) have ramifications for Mr Worthington . \" A family judge ruled the toddler had been assaulted by her father , who has denied any wrongdoing . No-one has been charged in connection with Poppi 's death . The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said it had no \" prospect \" of securing a conviction . The inquest was suspended in September after the CPS carried out a review of the case , concluding it was to bring any charges against Mr Worthington .", "The concept will be known as Vulcan , and it is expected to start operations in 2019 . United Launch Alliance - the venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin - flies the Atlas and Delta rockets . These are used to loft Nasa science probes , spy satellites and US security missions . In time , both vehicles will be retired as the components come on stream . The element to be introduced will be the booster , which will feature an , engine . This will enable ULA to end its use of RD-180 rocket motors \u2013 something Congress has mandated . Politicians on Capitol Hill dislike the fact that security missions are launched with the aid of propulsion technology . ULA 's preference is to incorporate a methane-oxygen power unit being developed by Blue Origin , the space company run by Amazon entrepreneur Jeff Bezos . the Vulcan booster makes its debut , it will be married to the Centaur upper-stage of the Atlas . But in the 2020s , this will be replaced by a upper-stage that should give the rocket a performance that allows it to exceed the Delta IV Heavy \u2013 the , rocket in the world today , of putting upwards of 25 tonnes in a orbit . , , the Vulcan will be to build and operate . \" A Delta IV Heavy at today \u2019s launch rates costs $ 400m , give or take , depending on the mission and its complexity . I expect the Next Generation Launch System to be than half that ,\" said Tory Bruno , president and CEO of United Launch Alliance . Some cost savings will be made by recovering and reusing the engines on the booster following a flight . The idea is that after separation from the upper-stage , the engines would detach from the tanks and fall to Earth , deploying an shield to protect them from burning up on re-entry into the atmosphere . Parachutes would deploy and a helicopter would swoop to pluck the engines out of the air and return them to the ground for servicing and re-integration into a booster . ULA will say the development programme is costing , but it will run into the billions of dollars . ULA has to modernise , . The priority status it has enjoyed with government contracts is coming to an end , and it is facing competition \u2013 at home , from a SpaceX company , whose rockets are winning favour with Nasa and satellite operators ; and , Europe and Russia are both moving to rocket systems that aim to reduce their launch prices .", "Steven Rodriguez , who was known as A $ AP Yams or Yamborghini , died 26 on 18 January at Brooklyn 's Woodhull Medical Centre . He founded the US rap collective A $ AP Mob along with New Yorkers A $ AP Bari and A $ AP Illz . the New York Times reports that his death was caused by drug intoxication . Opiates and benzodiazepines were found in his system and it was ruled an accident . After his death artists paid tribute to him on media . Drake tweeted : \" Rest in peace Yams . A $ AP is family . \" Azealia Banks wrote : \" ASAP YAMS should be remembered as a leader , an innovator and as an part of NYC youth culture . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Photos on the internet appear to show Diouf in a nightclub , hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March . \" I 've made some inquiries and I 've asked him about it and he denies he was ,\" Saunders told Radio Sheffield . \" It 's and I want to get to the bottom of it . It 's something I ca comprehend if it is . \" Rovers lost the match at St Mary 's 2-0 , with Diouf playing the game , and are six points of safety with six matches to play . Diouf has scored six goals in 22 games since joining the club in October .", "Stenson will play with Matt Fitzpatrick against Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka while Rose partners Chris Wood against Jimmy Walker and Zach Johnson . Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters take on Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler . duo Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello stay to take on Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth . Stenson and Rose played on Friday at Hazeltine , and their defeat in the foursomes match to Reed and Spieth was their as a Ryder Cup pairing . , they exacted revenge in the fourballs to hand the Americans their loss . McIlroy , who lost to Mickelson and Fowler in Friday 's foursomes paired with Andy Sullivan , has the chance to avenge that defeat . The Northern Irishman is paired with Pieters after they won their fourball match 3 & 2 . Europe captain Darren Clarke has opted to keep Garcia and Cabrera-Bello after their 3 & 2 fourball victory on Friday . captain Davis Love keeps faith with three of the foursomes pairings that dominated the session . The change is Snedeker and Koepka , who won their fourball match , coming in for Dustin Johnson and Matt Kuchar . The US won Friday 's foursomes but Europe hit in the fourballs , winning that session 3-1 .", "Rents for grade A offices have risen to \u00a3 15.50-per-sq ft over the year , according to agents . But they are below the UK average of \u00a3 24 . It is claimed that the prospect of a return is acting as a barrier to build projects . In March , an Invest NI report said there is a shortage of grade A space office in Belfast . Grade A offices are classed as or buildings , in locations , with layouts . Ian Duddy of Colliers International in Belfast said : \" The shortage of grade A space in Belfast has led a number of occupiers to develop their headquarter buildings . \" growth in the grade A market is to encourage development in the city . \" Office development has slowed since the 2008 property market crash . Loans of money could be made to property developers to help them build offices , after a report for Invest NI described supply as \" \" . Invest is exploring whether to advance loans as \" a intervention \" .", "The helicopter was trying to find a missing person in the Daventry area . It carried on with its mission while a police car was dispatched to investigate the laser . Officers were to find out who was . Pilot Paul Atherton said it was \" \" . updates on this story and news from Northamptonshire He said : \" On the police helicopter , I 'm the pilot . \" If I get hit in the eye and I 'm , who 's going to fly the aircraft ? People on the ground do realise this is . \" The National Police Air Service ( NPAS ) said Mr Atherton saw two flashes of light from the laser at 23:00 BST on Friday . The NPAS reported 35 laser incidents on its aircraft in 2014 and 91 in 2015 . There was a total of 1,400 attacks on aircraft reported to the Civil Aviation Authority year . People have been jailed in the past for pointing lasers at aircraft in the sky , but the devices themselves remain . Pat Lawrence , a spokesman for the British Airline Pilots Association ( Balpa ) , said regulations need to change . He said : \" There 's no restriction on the imports of these lasers . \"", "The intelligence system - LipNet - watches video of a person speaking and matches the text to the movement of their mouths with 93 % accuracy , the researchers said . Automating the process could help millions , they suggested . But experts said the system needed to be tested in situations . Lip-reading is a business with professionals to decipher what someone is saying up to 60 % of the time . \" Machine lip-readers have potential , with applications in improved hearing aids , dictation in spaces , conversations , speech recognition in environments , identification and processing ,\" wrote the researchers . They said that the AI system was provided with sentences so that it could teach itself which letter corresponded to which lip movement . To train the AI , the team - from Oxford University 's AI lab - fed it 29,000 videos , labelled with the text . Each video was three seconds and followed a pattern . While testers given videos had an error rate of 47.7 % , the AI had one of 6.6 % . The fact that the AI learned from training videos led some on Twitter to criticise the research . Writing in OpenReview , Neil Lawrence pointed out that the videos had \" limited vocabulary and a syntax grammar \" . \" While it 's promising to perform on this data , it 's . While the model may be to read my lips than a human , it can do I say a list of words from a constrained vocabulary in a order ,\" he writes . The project was funded by Google 's intelligence firm DeepMind .", "That the UK is ' ' but ' ' , ' looking ' and a bastion of trade . She has done that in sessions with leaders and a press conference with President Obama . But words from the United States , Japan and Donald Tusk , the President of the European Council , will steal plenty of the headlines . Remember she was an advocate , albeit a one , of staying in the EU in the place , with the economy one of her concerns . Downing Street says she has been surprised by the warnings about the future . And dealing with expressions of sentiments that have been expressed in is the problem . the difficulty for the minister is that the demands on her are the as those at home . countries want details of her plans for Britain 's life after the EU . But with no consensus , or anything like the details of Britain from government , there is that she can tell them . The danger of such a page is that others will fill the space .", "England won by six wickets after a Pakistan batting collapse featuring three run-outs in Sharjah on Tuesday . The Daily Mail reported that the match was the subject of an investigation into betting patterns . \" There was nothing with that game . I have no doubts about my boys ,\" said bowler Waqar . The ICC declined to confirm or deny that it was investigating the game . Pakistan collapsed from 132-2 to 208 before England triumphed with nine overs to spare . Waqar said : \" Yes , we lost the game . You lose and win games , and it 's the way the thing happened . \" ICC executive David Richardson told BBC Test Match Special : \" I would be of that game . \" He said Pakistan had reported approaches from bookmakers in times .", "Google confirmed the plan to the BBC 's Newsround programme , saying it wanted to focus on \" formats that work for both users and advertisers \" . adverts are seen as a nuisance by viewers , and Google has introduced formats . One media agency said the move reflected the difference between video and television services . \" The ad is a legacy from TV times ,\" said Will Smyth , head of media at the Agenda21 agency . \" It 's a TV unit which has been put , but it 's the way to advertise . \" This will encourage advertisers to be about the way they use the platform . \" websites , including the BBC 's offer , feature ads on video content . \" Demand from advertisers for video content is , but there 's a shortage of quality content ,\" said Mr Smyth . \" It 's business for everyone to focus on ' skippables' - people are forced to sit through ads , and advertisers do need to pay if their ad is skipped . \"", "Hull City 's Chester , Dummett of Newcastle United and Celtic 's Matthews missed March 's 3-0 win in Israel because of injuries . Andy King returns after serving a ban but injuries rule out James Collins and Ben Davies . Blackburn defender Adam Henley is in the squad . Goalkeeper Danny Ward of Liverpool , Owain Fon Williams - released by Tranmere - and Leicester City striker Tom Lawrence are the players included . The squad will meet up for a training camp in Cardiff on Monday 1 June for five days before the match squad reconvene on Monday 8 June . West Brom striker Tyler Roberts , Liverpool winger Harry Wilson , Cardiff full-back Declan John and Everton defender Gethin Jones have been called up to train with the squad that week . Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale is set to win his cap at Cardiff City Stadium while Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey , the goal scorer in the victory in Israel , is in Chris Coleman 's squad . Leicester City midfielder King is after a a suspension following his card in the qualifier against Cyprus October . Wales are in Euro 2016 qualifying group B , behind Belgium on difference . Tottenham left-back Davies has been ruled out after having surgery on a shoulder while West Ham United centre-half Collins is because of a calf injury . Collins started against Israel in place of Chester , who missed the game after suffering a shoulder injury . Crystal Palace 's Jonny Williams and George Williams of Fulham are missing because of injuries . Belgium and Wales are both after playing five of their 10 Group B games , and the match at Cardiff City Stadium has sold out . Coleman 's Wales drew 0-0 with the 2014 World Cup quarter-finalists in Brussels in November . Hennessey ( Crystal Palace ) , Fon Williams ( Tranmere ) , Ward ( Liverpool ) , Williams ( Swansea City - captain ) , Chester ( Hull City ) , Gunter ( Reading ) , Taylor ( Swansea City ) , Dummett ( Newcastle ) , Matthews ( Celtic ) , Richards ( Swansea City ) , Henley ( Blackburn Rovers ) , Allen ( Liverpool ) , Ledley ( Crystal Palace ) , Ramsey ( Arsenal ) , King ( Leicester City ) , Vaughan ( Nottingham Forest ) , MacDonald ( Bournemouth ) , Cotterill ( Birmingham City ) , Robson-Kanu ( Reading ) , Lawrence ( Leicester City ) , Bale ( Real Madrid ) , Church ( Charlton Athletic ) , Vokes ( Burnley ) .", "A barrister for Christian-run County Antrim firm Ashers said if they lost the discrimination case there would be consequences for shop owners . He said it would mean a printer could refuse to print a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad . The case in Belfast was taken by rights activist , Gareth Lee . He placed the order for the cake with Ashers . No indication has been given the judgement will be issued . The barrister for Mr Lee told the County Court in Belfast that businesses needed to make in advance what they would and would do . He said Ashers had nothing in their terms and conditions to prevent them baking the cake which Mr Lee ordered . , the role of the Equality Commission in the case was defended in court . The commission has set a fund of up to \u00c2 \u00a3 40,000 to pay for costs in the case . It has been criticised in months by a number of politicians over the decision to take the case . A barrister for Mr Lee said the Commission was the \" guardian \" of laws . He said it was to defend them . \" The Equality Commission has duties to uphold the law ,\" the lawyer added . He defended the fact that an settlement was reached . \" It ( the Commission ) can be allowed to compromise on what it believes is the law ,\" he said . The cost of the case has to be determined . week , before the case began , an Equality Commission spokesperson said : \" We can confirm that \u00c2 \u00a3 8,586.60 has been spent on this case to date . \" The costs will be known until the case is concluded . \" Outside the court on Monday , Daniel McArthur , manager of Ashers , said they were that the case had concluded . \" We are to all those who have supported us ,\" he said . \" It has been a time for our family but of all we are God has sustained us through it all and we await the verdict and the outcome from the judge . \"", "Patrick Joseph Connors said Michael Hughes was allowed to eat with the family and use their swimming pool . Mr Connors , 59 , Patrick Dean Connors , 39 , William Connors , 36 , and Lee Carbis , 34 , deny offences . They are accused of forcing Mr Hughes , 46 , and another man - referred to as Mr K - to work for sums . Mr Connors senior described he had met Michael Hughes he was 18 , and offered him work . He said Mr Hughes , from Aberdeen , had stayed in his daughter 's bedroom , moved to a converted garage with a shower . The court heard that Mr Hughes was paid \u00a3 20 a day , which went up to \u00a3 50 as he became a labourer . Mr Connors senior described Mr Hughes used to buy sweets for the of his children , who called him brother . He denied assaulting Mr Hughes during the time he was working with him . The court has heard evidence from the alleged victims that they were paid \u00a3 10 per day or , in the form of alcohol or tobacco , were beaten or threatened if they did do as they were told and were hunted down if they tried to get . All four defendants deny one count of requiring another person to perform forced or labour between 2010 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors , of Rumney , Cardiff , has pleaded to eight counts of causing bodily harm , four of kidnap and one of conspiracy to kidnap . son Patrick Dean Connors , of Rumney , denies kidnapping and conspiracy to kidnap . William Connors , of Rumney , has pleaded to causing bodily harm on a man between 2009 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors' son-in-law Carbis , of Trowbridge , denies one count of kidnap between 2001 and 2002 . The trial continues .", "Police said Kinga Pelc from the Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday . A man in his 20s remains in a condition in hospital following the incident . It happened on the Annadale Embankment at 15:00 BST on Friday . Two people were taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries after the crash . Their injuries are believed to be .", "The World Rugby Hall of Fame was launched by ex-England and and Irish Lions captain Bill Beaumont at Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire . World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were among 12 stars inducted in to the \" hall \" . Members of the public will be to visit from Friday . The World Rugby Hall of Fame was established in 2006 , and absorbed the International Rugby Hall of Fame in 2014 , but has had a home . The attraction , which honours players and administrators who have enhanced the game through achievements , features video archive of rugby matches and memorabilia . The 10 players inducted in the Hall of Fame were England 's Jeremy Guscott and Maggie Alphonsi , Wale 's Shane Williams , John Dawes and Arthur Gould , Scotland 's GPS Macpherson , Ireland 's Brian O'Driscoll , Japan 's Daisuke Ohata , Canada 's Heather Moyes and Australia 's Daniel Carroll . Players , teams , coaches , media and rugby personalities can all be considered for the hall of fame but they need to have been retired from the game for three years and have demonstrated rugby 's \" core values \" to be , The sport of rugby is said to have been invented in 1823 after William Webb Ellis , a pupil at a school in Rugby , caught the ball and started running with it .", "Lt Col Lucy Giles , 46 , will be at the helm at New College to help prepare Army officers for their chosen regiments . She said : \" I have to pinch myself , because it 's an privilege to be in this position . \" The academy was founded in 1947 after two institutions merged . Lt Col Giles from Wincanton , Somerset , will oversee the programme and the training aspects of the and terms of the course . The mother-of-two said : \" It 's to see people 's reactions in this environment . I 'm a mother and wife of a soldier , so I am bound by juggling those considerations as delivering a day job , to speak . \" She said she would \" lead by example \" and encourage staff to \" try and make time for their families \" . During her career Lt Col Giles has led soldiers on operations and deployments in Bosnia , Iraq , Afghanistan , Sierra Leone , East Timor , South Africa and Northern Ireland She spent two years as the Officer Commanding at 47 Air Dispatch Squadron . She said : \" I like to think I was boarded for this appointment because I had the skills , knowledge , and experience to be to do this , as opposed to me being because I 'm . \" Although , I recognise that being in this position means I may come across as a role model for our officers . \" royals to have trained at Sandhurst include Princes William and Harry .", "Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough was targeted on Tuesday by men carrying what were thought to be axes . No-one was injured , and police have released any details of what was taken . In November , watches , and diamonds hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen during a raid at the store 's branch in Yarm . A man from Manchester was arrested on 8 January in connection with that robbery and bailed pending inquiries . Temporary Det Ch Insp John Ward said : \" There are similarities between [ yesterday 's ] robbery and the one that took place in Yarm in November and lines of inquiry are being pursued in both cases . \" Officers would like to speak to anyone who may have seen , or have knowledge of , a Citroen C Crosser motor vehicle bearing the registration plates MK60 XCD . \" We believe this vehicle was involved in the [ Middlesbrough ] robbery and it was discovered abandoned in the car park to Leader timber merchants on Newport Road , Middlesbrough . \" We would appeal to hoteliers and to those who run bed and breakfast venues to alert us should they have had any guests who may have raised their suspicions over days and who may have spoken with a North West accent . \"", "The pair shared a partnership of 187 after Nick Compton and Stevie Eskinazi fell in succession . Stirling 's century was his in a Championship match and he made 111 before falling lbw to Adil Rashid . Robson was dropped on 31 by Jack Brooks and was on 152 at the close , with Middlesex 337-4 . Yorkshire went into the game in the Division One table , six points behind leaders Essex , with Middlesex in place and minus Dawid Malan , Nick Gubbins and Tom Helm , who are on duty . The home side , who won the title by beating Yorkshire in the match season , opted to bat after winning the toss and Compton put on 64 for the wicket with Robson before a edge to the keeper off Steve Patterson saw him depart for 22 . Eskinazi was bowled by Brooks five overs , but the Yorkshire paceman had been to hold onto a chance offered by Robson . The opener was to three figures following the tea interval , and although Stirling departed he missed an pull to a ball that kept and James Franklin was bowled by Ryan Sidebottom , he passed 150 with a boundary off Rashid - the 18th of his innings - in the over of play . Middlesex batsman Paul Stirling told BBC Radio London : \" It 's about time I did this and about time I started to score . That said , I do want to take my instinct to play attacking cricket . That 's the balance I have to find . \" Our skipper James Franklin has given me freedom to go and play at the sort of tempo as I would in cricket and transfer that into the game . \" the pitches are as they have been at Lord 's it 's a to do that and I 'm it came off . \" Yorkshire head coach Martyn Moxon told BBC Radio Leeds : \" It 's been a day , what with the weather and a pitch that 's . The lads stuck to their task . \" A nicks fell and some lbw decisions did go out way . It was a day , but I ca fault the lads for their efforts . \" We started this game trying to win it and we will pick up by making we do lose it . \"", "The incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge on Dumbarton Road , near the junction with Cable Depot Road , at 22:00 on Saturday 10 September . Both boys were described as being , 14 or 15 and wearing sportswear . One of them had hair in a quiff . The woman was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment and reported the incident to police . Det Sgt Kevin Mulvenna , of Police Scotland , said : \" This was a and attack on this woman , which has left her in one eye . The youths must be caught as . \" To point a pen at someone is . inquiries are to trace the two boys , with officers carrying out inquiries in the area and studying CCTV footage to identify them . \" He asked anyone with information to contact police .", "Alex Robinson was drowned in the bath two days before Christmas at his home . Stewart Greene , 65 , of Grimoldby , Lincolnshire , said he drowned Alex Robinson in a bath but denies murder . Dr Philip Joseph told the jury : \" In over 30 years , this is one of the killings or murders I have been involved with . \" Alex was in Mr Greene 's care at his home while his mother - the defendant 's daughter - was December . Giving evidence at Lincoln Crown Court , Dr Joseph said his diagnosis of Mr Greene was that he had a personality disorder , characterised by a \" unconcern for the feelings of others \" and an \" incapacity to experience guilt \" . He said Mr Greene would exaggerate his symptoms and engage in behaviour to get himself into hospital . But despite his condition , Dr Joseph - who has dealt with than 800 homicide cases - said Mr Greene understood what he was doing and that his ability to form a judgement was impaired . He told jurors : \" Although his judgement was , and , it was . asked if he was Mr Greene had killed Alex , he replied : \" Yes - I am . \" in the trial , Timothy Spencer QC , defending , asked Mr Greene whether he had drowned his grandson , to which he replied : \" I drowned him in the bath , yes . \" He told the court he drowned Alex because he was with the nine-year-old 's mother . The trial continues .", "McAnuff , 31 , joined the Royals in 2009 and has made 172 appearances since his arrival from Watford . He began his career at Wimbledon in 2001 and having played for West Ham , Cardiff and Crystal Palace , McAnuff is to finish at the Madejski Stadium . \" From my point of view of course I would ,\" McAnuff told BBC Radio Berkshire . The squad is we have competition in every position and it is something we have to get on with and deal with \" I 've been on record time saying I 've enjoyed my time and some of my moments as a professional have been with this club . \" But it 's my decision . All I can do is do as I can on the pitch , it is to me . \" McAnuff , who captained Reading in the Premier League season , was on the bench for their Championship opener against Ipswich but started at Bolton weekend . Despite being at missing out on on a starting spot on the day of the season , McAnuff is he can be a regular in the team . \" In pre-season you come in and work and it is all geared up for that game ,\" he added . \" it 's ( being selected ) but that is football . The squad is we have competition in every position and it is something we have to get on with and deal with . \" The manager makes a point of saying it bears no meaning on the season , it is a team to get the job done , and as you get you see the picture and for us this year it is going to be about every player . \" It is ( to have competition ) , I do think any player should be guaranteed a place . \"", "The building is to be developed on a site between Longman Road and Burnett Road to the north of Burnett Road Police Station . The centre would allow the courts service to move out of Inverness Castle . The government is to fund the construction of the Inverness Justice Centre . The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service has proposed that the centre has six courtrooms . It would have facilities for supporting and advising victims and witnesses of abuse , violence and provide \" an environment for problem solving approaches \" to help reduce re-offending and child abuse . Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has said the centre would be an development for the city and the Highlands area .", "The Bluebirds are seven points of the Championship play-off places and have been placed under a transfer embargo . Slade has insisted he is the man to lead the club but Dalman says his position is under scrutiny . \" He knows the pressures ; he 's done this job ,\" Dalman said . \" Russell knows the score . I talk to him on a basis and he knows what 's . \" He has been for a while with us and of course his position comes under scrutiny , it has been . To say it has been would be . \" The jury 's on every one of us every time we have to deliver something . \" Cardiff have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League following a breach of Financial Fair Play rules . The Bluebirds have become the Championship club under a transfer embargo , joining Bolton , Fulham and Nottingham Forest . The embargo will be in place for the rest of the January transfer window . Slade confirmed he had spoken with club owner Vincent Tan but said there would be no talks over a contract for him this month . The Leyton Orient manager says Tan is as to the club and denied suggestions the Malaysian 's scaling-back of club finances showed a lack of backing . \" You see clubs building castles and thinking the investment they put in will give them a chance , but it does guarantee it ,\" Slade said . \" You 've got to cut your cloth . There are rules in place . \" Slade continued : \" You ca go spending \u00a3 5m or . Whatever we do it will have to be under constraints . \"", "was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-booster . The court ruled Next diverted UK profits to subsidiaries to claim tax relief on profits . schemes are a way in which firms avoid corporation tax on profits that are paid to the UK parent firm . Under rules designed to prevent taxation of company profits , firms were to claim credit for tax paid on money they made . But some companies were to exploit the rules through the creation of arrangements involving what HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) referred to as \" movements of money between companies in the group , so they can claim there has been taxation \" . Known as rate-booster schemes , this enabled companies to avoid corporation tax by diverting profits made in the UK to subsidiaries . The subsidiary paid tax on those profits - at a rate of corporation tax - before the profits were paid to the UK parent company . , the UK parent company received credits from HMRC for the tax paid by its subsidiary . As a result , companies were to claim tax had been paid on their profits than was the case . changes in 2005 and 2009 mean rate-booster schemes are or , HMRC added . The Next case is the to reach court , following a 2013 ruling against P & O Ferries , although the firm appealed against the decision and an appeal judgement is . HMRC said about \u00a3 130m in tax was at stake across 20 rate-booster cases , which were awaiting the P & O and Next decisions . About 70 rate-boosters have been conceded by companies that wanted to avoid going to court . This has brought in than \u00a3 500m in tax , it added . HMRC 's director general of business tax , Jim Harra , said : \" This case shows HMRC takes action against businesses that try to avoid paying tax through , avoidance schemes . HMRC expects all businesses to steer of schemes . \" In a statement , Next said it had paid the tax owed to HMRC \" some years \" and that this had been accounted for at the time . The retailer described the dispute between itself and HMRC as \" a debate around legislation \" which had been superseded . It added that UK law allowed companies to \" repatriate their profits without a tax charge \" .", "The \" bemusement park \" at a seaside lido in Weston-super-Mare attracted thousands of visitors it opened summer . awards nominees include electronica band Years and Years and the BBC Two adaptation of Wolf Hall . The winners will be announced at a ceremony , hosted by Lord Melvyn Bragg , at London 's Savoy Hotel on 5 June . celebrating their anniversary , the awards honour \" the of culture and achievement \" . Banksy competes in the art category against Cornelia Parker for Magna Carta ( An Embroidery ) at The British Library and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye : Verses After Dusk at the Serpentine Gallery . drama Wolf Hall is joined in the TV drama category alongside Channel 4 's Humans and Doctor Foster ( BBC One ) . In the pop category , Benjamin Clementine , Years and Years , and Sleaford Mods go head to head . The film category features Ex Machina , 45 Years and Brooklyn , while the theatre contenders are Oresteia , People , Places and Things and Hangmen . Lord Bragg said the South Bank Sky Arts Awards were a \" freeze-frame on a moment in history \" . He added : \" This is the 20th of these awards and a ripple through the records shows an tapestry of talent , but the in its quality . \" 2016 LIST OF NOMINEES", "year , David Smith , 37 , of Aviemore , had surgery to remove the tumour to his spine . He told BBC Radio Scotland that the MRI scan he was shown this week was the scan since 2013 to show a tumour . Smith said it was than winning gold at the London Paralympics in 2012 . The athlete won the medal in rowing . Following that success he has been training to compete in cycling . , the tumour had affected that pursuit and risked crushing his spine and stopping him from breathing . Smith said he had been dreading the results of his MRI scan , fearing it would show the tumour . He said : \" I passed out . I thought I was going to be and I did want to look at the scan . \" After being shown the scan the athlete said he went through a \" rollercoaster of emotions \" . He said : \" It took two or three hours for it to sink in . it did sink in I was on the train and I started crying . \"", "Honda Racing team bosses have confirmed that Martin 's anticipated return to the event is to be . Martin crashed at the Isle of Man TT in June while the Honda machine has suffered problems this year . \" I 'm but it 's given the difficulties the team has experienced ,\" said UGP clerk of the course Noel Johnston . He added : \" I had hoped for a outcome as Guy is a fan favourite , and he 's made any secret in the past of his love for the circuit , which is the he 's had the success over the years . \" I 'm the decision has been taken by him or the team and I wish Guy well , whatever the step in his career may be . \" Putting this news , I 'm with the strength of this year 's entry . We 've seen some performances this season from the likes of Peter Hickman , Michael Dunlop and Dean Harrison in , and I 've no doubt they will bring the form to Dundrod . \" Everyone will be trying to end their season on a , and the field is - I think we could see a horses in the mix and to make their mark at the world 's road race . \"", "The price fell below 4.8 euros in trading , before recovering to above 5 euros by afternoon . Carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions , as companies have to pay to emit C02 . A drop in demand for energy has led to a oversupply of permits . Critics of the EU 's Emissions Trading System argue that the European Union issued permits in the place . The EU has proposed freezing up to 900 million permits to tackle this oversupply . \" There are permits because of the recession ,\" said Isaac Valero , spokesman for EU Climate Commissioner Connie Hedegaard . The price of carbon recovered on Monday after demand for an auction of 3.5 million permits was than expected . A carbon price undermines efforts to reduce C02 emissions . The price of carbon needs to be a deal than 5 euros - some believe between 25 and 30 euros - to provide an incentive for companies to cut emissions and invest in technologies , experts say . The carbon market is to Europe 's efforts to meet its climate change target of a 20 % reduction in C02 emissions from 1990 levels by 2020 .", "The contractor , Smartty 's Management Limited , has been asked to return the payment , the government said . On Wednesday , Transport Minister Dzifa Attivor resigned following a outcry over the deal . Ghana is struggling with a budget deficit and a widening debt . The branding involved respraying the 116 imported passenger buses and adding portraits of the President John Mahama , his three predecessors and Ghana 's head of state , Kwame Nkrumah . A procurement method was \" followed and the contract did ensure value for money ,\" the government said after a review by Attorney General Marietta Brew Appiah-Opong . Opposition and campaigners have raised concerns over the amount spent , which they said was , forcing the presidency to set up an investigation . The BBC 's Sammy Darko in the capital , Accra , says people think the government is doing to tackle budget mismanagement . They want to see people being charged for causing loss to the state , he adds . Mrs Attivor 's resignation is the by a minister in than a decade and comes amid efforts by the government to cut spending as it implements a International Monetary Fund plan to restore stability . this week , Mr Mahama banned officials , including ministers , from class air travel and he suspended trips .", "The raids came a day after it emerged a Frenchman was being held by police investigating the murder of three people at the Brussels Jewish Museum . Mehdi Nemmouche , 29 , was arrested at a station in Marseille on Friday . Prosecutors say he has claimed responsibility for the attack and spent than a year in Syria . Interior Minister Bernard Cazaneuve told Europe 1 radio on Monday : \" There are people who recruit jihadists . There are as I 'm speaking arrests being made . \" \" We are acting . There will be no respite in the fight against terrorists . \" There is no suggestion of a link between the four arrests on Monday and the detention of Mr Nemmouche during a check on a coach arriving from Amsterdam in France on Friday . But Mr Nemmouche is said to have had links with Islamists and served five years in jail in France for robbery before being released in December 2012 . he was arrested , he had with him a Kalashnikov rifle and a handgun believed to have been used in the attack , the Paris prosecutor said . He was said to have had a sheet emblazoned with the name of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , a jihadist group fighting in Syria , and a camera with a 40-second video showing the two guns and a voice recording , claiming responsibility for the killings . Speaking on radio station RTL on Monday , the head of association CRIF , Roger Cukierman , called for resources to be given to the intelligence service , the DGSE , to track militants returning to France from Syria . He feared \" they would become 700 time bombs they return \" , referring to the estimated number of jihadists in Syria . Belgium has requested Mr Nemmouche 's extradition from France and police have to decide whether to extend his detention until Thursday . Three people died a gunman opened fire at the museum in the Sablon area of the capital on 24 May. They were an couple in their 50s , and a volunteer . A man , believed to be an employee of the museum , was injured .", "John McIlwaine , grew up in Portadown , County Armagh , but worked at the University of Bradford . He died at the age of 49 on Tuesday night . He was in charge of the team that recovered the remains of Danny McIlhone in 2008 and Charlie Armstrong in 2010 . Mr Armstrong 's daughter Anna McShane recognised his dedication . \" I remember him as an man who was to our family . He worked in the conditions to find my father ,\" she said . \" May he rest in peace . \" Mr McIlwaine had described it as a \" privilege \" to lead searches for the Disappeared and said their success had outstripped predictions at the start of the process . Geoff Knupfer , the scientist and investigator with the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains ( ICLVR ) , said : \" John began work with the ICLVR in 2006 and with his knowledge and experience made a contribution to our work . \" Searching for the Disappeared in and places requires a kind of dedication and commitment as skill and that is what John had in abundance . \" Seventeen people - 16 men and a woman - were abducted and murdered by republicans between 1972 and 2003 . The ICLVR was established in 1999 to obtain information in confidence that may lead to the location of the remains of the Disappeared . The bodies of 10 people have been recovered . Sandra Peake , from the Wave Trauma Centre , which has supported the families of the Disappeared since 1995 , said : \" John had a way of humanising the science which helped families understand what was being done to find their loved ones . \" There was a bond between John and the families and that is reflected today in the number of them who have contacted Wave to express their shock and sorrow . \" A spokesman for the University of Bradford said staff and students had been left shocked by the tragedy . \" John was an , and individual ,\" he said . \" He inspired and supported hundreds of students in sciences , he supported the community in West Yorkshire in ways and he achieved a life 's ambition in helping to ameliorate the pain and suffering of families of the Disappeared . \" This is a time for staff and students at the University of Bradford , both and . \"", "Energy firm Island Gas Limited ( IGas ) wants to carry out test drilling on Springs Road , in Misson , Bassetlaw . Campaign group Bassetlaw Against Fracking said the drilling operation would be \" \" for wildlife . Nottinghamshire County Council said the application did include proposals for fracturing - known as fracking . IGas has applied to carry out test drilling to check the suitability of the rock for shale gas extraction , through fracking . A application would have to be made to carry out fracking . IGas plans to develop one shale gas , drilling for 14 weeks , and a well , drilling for 19 weeks . During drilling , operations would take place 24 hours a day . The authority said at the project 's peak there would be an average of 18 goods vehicles and 10 vehicles visiting the site each day . David Larder , campaign group chairman , said : \" We object to the 24 hour a day drilling for months . The noise of this operation and the vibration will have a effect upon the wildlife . \" Sally Gill , planning manager for the county council , said : \" If permission is granted , the test drilling would allow IGas to evaluate the resource of shale gas trapped beneath the surface . \" Depending on the results of the test drilling , IGas may , or may , seek permission to extract the shale gas using fracking , but that would require a planning application which would be to consultation . \" Before this stage of the exploration process , the company is required to monitor methane levels in groundwater for 12 months . A application has been submitted , which is to be considered .", "Officials say the photo of Ms Badu in The Star newspaper was \" an insult to Islam \" . The paper has apologised . The Grammy-award winner was to perform on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur and is said to be dismayed at the news . Malaysia has warned artists to dress for their concerts . Tattoos are forbidden in Islam and using the word \" Allah \" in a way deemed offends Muslims . The photo of Ms Badu with words in Arabic and Hebrew written on her body features on her fan site . It is whether Ms Badu 's body art is . The Culture , Arts and Heritage Ministry says it was of the tattoos it approved the concert , the BBC 's Jennifer Pak in Kuala Lumpur reports . Some Muslims began protesting after The Star published the photo . the culture ministry says it is justified in banning Ms Badu 's concert because it breaches sensitivities and values . Information Minister Rais Yatim said a government committee had decided to cancel the show because Ms Badu 's body art was \" an insult to Islam and a offence \" . According to the statement , the body art \" triggered criticism that could jeopardise security and cause a impact to the government 's image \" . Concert organisers are in touch with officials and hope the cancellation will be reversed , the Associated Press news agency reports . Ms Badu , 41 , had arrived in Malaysia . She is \" and \" over the incident , according to the concert organiser . The Home Ministry has asked The Star to explain it published the photo . The Star has apologised , saying its inclusion in Monday 's edition was \" \" . \" We regret any offence caused to Muslims and apologise for the oversight ,\" the paper said on Tuesday .", "The Kemp 's ridley turtle was one of two found on beaches near Formby , Merseyside , and Cumbria 's Walney Island on 22 December . The reptile found in Merseyside died , but the was being looked after at the Lake District Coast Aquarium in Maryport . Aquarium owner Mark Vollers said it had struggled to feed itself . The turtles were believed to be from the Gulf of Mexico 5,000 miles ( 8,000 km ) and were among a number which washed up on and shores month . Mr Vollers told BBC Cumbria : \" We thought we had a 50 / 50 chance , which would 've improved if it had started feeding . \" It was getting some sustenance in ways but to recover . \" We were following a agreed protocol arrived at after consultation with vets and in countries - people who have experience of this species of turtle . \" The turtle , aged 20 , is with a vet who will determine the cause of death . Source : World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF )", "Tomkins joins the Super League champions with effect for an fee , signing a contract until the end of 2018 . He was presented to the crowd during the interval of Wigan 's 48-4 defeat of Widnes on Wednesday . The 27-year-old played three Tests for the England rugby union side in 2013 . Media playback is supported on this device \" I 'd like to thank Saracens for the opportunity to try a sport , a lifestyle and for assisting my development which allowed me to represent my country ,\" Tomkins told Wigan 's website . \" , after a process and at this stage in my life , I realised that the timing was to come . \" I am to Wigan Warriors for taking me to the rugby club in the world . It means everything to me to pull on the cherry and jersey . \" Tomkins , who made his Wigan debut as an 18-year-old , joined Saracens at the end of the 2011 season , after scoring a try in the Challenge Cup final win over Leeds . He is recovering from a back injury and is expected to be for four weeks . His decision to return to rugby league is a boost for the sport , after England international Sam Burgess switched codes and agreed a move to Bath for season . Tomkins 's brother Sam swapped Wigan for NRL side New Zealand Warriors at the end of season , after helping the club to a Super League and Challenge Cup . Media playback is supported on this device", "Wildsmith , a product of the club 's academy , has made 18 appearances for the Owls in all competitions . The 21-year-old had a loan spell with then-League One side Barnsley in 2015 , making two appearances . \" I 'm to sign for the club term , it 's that the club believe in me and see me as part of the future ,\" he told the club website .", "Cook , 25 , scored 25 goals in the National League season , helping the Bluebirds to a finish . He returned to Holker Street after a stint at Grimsby in July 2014 . \" The lad wants to play League football and I ca and wo have a go at players who want to play at a level ,\" Cox told BBC Radio Cumbria . \" There are clubs at our level who have come in for him , but his agent has said he does want to sign for another Conference club . \" It 's one we might need to be on . \"", "The cub will be the panda to be born in Hong Kong . this year , Ying Ying mated and was inseminated . , the staff at Ocean Park are which method has resulted in the pregnancy . Ying Ying was sent to mainland China 's Sichuan province this spring to take part in a breeding programme . The 100kg female - described by the park as \" , and \" - attempted to mate with two pandas on five occasions and one of the attempts was deemed . But to improve the chances of a pregnancy , Ying Ying was inseminated . Repeated ultrasound scans in September confirmed she was carrying a foetus , Ocean Park officials said . Two panda maternity specialists have travelled to Hong Kong from Sichuan to provide pre - and support and the park 's director of operations Suzanne Gendron said she was \" \" about the birth . Panda reproduction is a process , with females ovulating a year . It is for pandas to re-absorb the foetus into the womb in the stages of pregnancy . The gestation period is five months and one or two cubs are born .", "Dozens of others remain in condition after the fire , caused by fireworks set off by a metal band . Officials say it is the number of fatalities could double . The news came as thousands marched through the capital in memory of the victims . People carried flowers and lit candles at a memorial outside the nightclub . President Klaus Iohannis has said safety regulations seem to have been ignored at the club . The fire broke out at 23:00 time ( 21:00 GMT ) on Friday at the Colectiv club , which was hosting a rock concert by the band Goodbye to Gravity . Up to 400 people are thought to have been . Survivors say the fireworks caused the ceiling and a pillar to catch fire and produce smoke . A stampede for the exit followed . than 140 people are being treated in hospital , some with burns . On Sunday officials said all of the dead had been identified . Romania has declared three days of mourning .", "Jonathan Baines , 44 , known as \" Willy \" , was found at a house on Ropery Road , Gainsborough , on 1 August . Pamela McLaggan , 51 , of Greystones Road , denied murder but pleaded to manslaughter . Prosecutors accepted her plea . She was remanded in custody at Lincoln Crown Court of sentencing on 21 December . The court heard Mr Baines had been for the day at Market Rasen races before returning to Gainsborough and visiting pubs in the town .", "Ayla Ellison , of Ulverston , Cumbria , suffered brain damage following a \" \" birth at Furness General Hospital , Barrow , in April 2007 . In 2012 , Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust admitted staff negligence . At London 's High Court it was ruled the trust will pay a sum every year for the rest of Ayla 's life . Mr Justice Warby ruled the organisation must pay an amount starting at \u00a3 225,000 and rising to \u00a3 290,000 she turns 18 . While admitting it was at fault , the trust had disputed the value of the claim for damages . It has been providing assistance to the family since 2012 . Ayla , eight , is and on being fed through a tube . The court was told she is at risk of hypothermia as she cannot control her body temperature . Despite her immobility , she suffers muscle spasms that leave her \" screaming at the top of her voice for hours \" . Painkillers do stop the pain , which can be quelled by immersion in a hydrotherapy pool . Ayla 's father works in London and the settlement includes \u00a3 1.6m to buy a family home in Richmond . money will be needed to adapt it to Ayla 's needs and install a hydrotherapy pool . The judge awarded a \u00a3 295,000 lump sum for Ayla 's pain , suffering and disability and he paid tribute to her parents for the \" and way \" they had dealt with the tragedy . Trust director David Walker said : \" We are for the harm caused to Ayla and the distress caused to her family as a result of the issues arising from her birth . \" The injuries she suffered are and a tragedy for her and her family . Her parents have had to cope with pressures in looking after her . \"", "Judge Clifford Bellamy said Leicester City Council had undertaken a \" risk assessment \" of the boy 's great-great-uncle who had been jailed for abuse . The city 's family court heard the nine-year-old had a \" \" home life . The judge said the boy should be placed into care . A city council spokesman said the child has been moved to an \" placement . \" The judge explained in a written ruling the boy 's mother had health problems and separated from his father years and was in a relationship . His father has dwarfism , an alcohol problem and had been convicted of having sex with a girl he was 21 . Updates from this story and from Leicestershire The boy had been living in the care of his great-great-uncle , who was in his 70s , who had been given an jail term in the 1990s . He had admitted intercourse and a offence with his niece she was aged between 11 and 13 . Judge Bellamy said the man had been released on licence after serving five years and was assessed as \" risk \" . The concerns were raised after the judge was asked to make decisions about the future of the boy at the hearing . He said the council had lacked \" any sense of urgency \" in bringing the case to the attention of a family court judge . A city council spokesman said : \" This case does appear to have been handled , or with the urgency required , and our review is under way . \" We have put in place systems to improve and oversee the way assessments are carried out , and work is under way to ensure court proceedings are expedited . \" The judge ruled that none of those involved in the case could be identified .", "The country 's Privacy Protection Commission accused Facebook of dodging questions from regulators . Internet users were urged to install privacy software to stop Facebook tracking them , of whether they had accounts with it . The network said it complied with data protection law and questioned the watchdog 's authority . The commission attacked Facebook after trying to find out about its practices . \" Facebook tramples on and privacy laws ,\" it said after publishing a report analysing changes that the company made to its privacy policies in January . In a statement , it said that Facebook has refused to recognise and EU jurisdictions , insisting it was to the law in Ireland , the site of its headquarters . \" Facebook has shown itself in giving answers ,\" the watchdog said , adding that the results of its study were \" \" . The body , which was working with its , Dutch , and counterparts , said that Facebook would explain in detail it used data it collected . A Facebook spokeswoman questioned the Belgians' authority but said it would review the study 's recommendations with the data protection commissioner . \" We work to make people have control over what they share and with whom . \" Facebook is regulated in Europe and complies with data protection law , so the applicability of the [ commission 's ] efforts is ,\" she said . This is the damning report this year on Facebook 's use of data from the Belgian Privacy Commission . In February , it said it placed \" burden \" on users to navigate its settings .", "The drama , which focuses of the lives of the Crawley family and their servants , will go into production year . This is in addition to the episode which will air at Christmas . Created by writer Julian Fellowes , who is set to return for the series , the show aired in 2010 . \" It is that Downton continues to be such a phenomenon - the drama on ITV in its series - and we are to have commissioned a series ,\" said Steve November , ITV 's director of drama commissioning . \" We do know what Julian has planned , but we are looking to working with him , the cast and Carnival , and have no doubt series six will be . \" Producers have to confirm the cast . this week Hugh Bonneville , who plays Lord Grantham , talked to Newsbeat about some of the celebrities , including Kim Kardasian and Kanye West , who are said to be fans of the show . \" It 's a matter of time before they are on the show ,\" joked Bonneville about the pair . \" Hillary Clinton and John Kerry [ United States Secretary of State ] are fans of the show . \" To have them like the show as trying to run countries and economies is . \" The series of Downton Abbey ends on Sunday 9 November . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Mr Hammond dismissed reports of rows between the two as \" tittle tattle \" although he acknowledged he swore . Mrs May said she was \" on 8 June \" . Mr Hammond and Mrs May were speaking at a press conference they arranged to attack Labour 's election manifesto . Taking questions from journalists after claiming Labour 's pledges created a multibillion \" hole \" , they were asked about reports of a rift between their offices since the U-turn over National Insurance in March 's Budget . Asked by BBC editor Laura Kuenssberg whether they would \" be neighbours \" after the election - the chancellor 's residence is 11 Downing Street - Mrs May said : \" I think it 's to say that the chancellor and I and every member of my team are focused on 8 June . \" She was pressed to give an endorsement of her chancellor , replying that she was \" to do \" . \" As Philip says , we have worked for years ,\" she said . \" than we would care to identify - that 's an comment , nothing . \" Mr Hammond said he and Mrs May worked \" \" . He added : \" What I admitted - and my family will confirm this - is I do swear . \" This morning the chancellor 's admission that he swears , as he sought to play down reports of rows with Team May , wo have helped . Nor will the PM refusing to say he would be her chancellor if she is elected . She did , at the time of asking give him her endorsement . And moving him after the election if the Tories win would be a and move . But this morning 's excursion wo have helped relations between the two addresses . Read Laura 's blog", "The US network said it was \" an decision \" and had \" respect \" for its creators and cast . Set in the 1970s , the series told of a record executive trying to revive his struggling label . Its ensemble cast included Bobby Cannavale in the role , Olivia Wilde as his wife and Sir Mick 's son James as a singer . Sir Mick and Scorsese were among the show 's producers , with the directing its pilot episode . The series premiere in February was watched by 764,000 viewers , though the audience dipped to 650,000 . \" After consideration , we have decided to proceed with a season of Vinyl ,\" HBO said in a statement . \" We have respect for the team and cast for their work and passion on this project . \" Ray Romano , another actor in the cast , told an newspaper on Thursday the cancellation felt like \" a knife in the guts \" . Wilde , , thanked her Twitter followers for their \" words \" and said she had been part of \" something \" .", "In its report , the charity said its workers carried out a total of 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015 / 16 . The callers considered at risk were aged between 12 and 15 . Across the UK as whole , the number of calls from children doubled from the five years . The figure show that youngsters plagued by thoughts contacted Childline 19,481 times throughout the UK year - an average of one call every 30 minutes . The charity said girls were to seek its help than boys . Geraldine McConaghy , a supervisor with Childline Northern Ireland , said thoughts were a result of the \" pressures that people are under \" . \" They might have health , they might be feeling pressure from school , pressure within the family ,\" she said . \" they come to us , what we 've noticed is that , on , one child in Northern Ireland contacts Childline each day who is feeling . \" One 17-year-old girl who contacted the charity year said she was having difficulties coping at college and finding the lessons \" a struggle \" . \" In the past , I 've had to take some time off because I 've been suffering with health problems ,\" the caller told Childline staff . \" I feel and ; I have to walk out . \" I feel like I want to die . \" Childline Northern Ireland 's service manager , Mairead Monds , said : \" We need to understand that there are children and people living in Northern Ireland that are experiencing health problems , self-esteem issues , isolation and feelings of worthlessness . \" These are children who have support and who feel that life is living . \"", "The boathouse , which will replace the existing building on Foreshore Road , will be home to a \u00a3 2m Shannon class lifeboat . The Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) said building work would begin in autumn and take a year to finish . Plans were approved by Scarborough Borough Council 's planning and development committee . RNLI operations manager Andrew Ashton said : \" We 're that the plans have been approved today and this heralds an era in Scarborough RNLI 's and history . \" The lifeboat station will be funded from RNLI sources including legacies , donations and fundraising activities . The Shannon class lifeboat will replace Scarborough 's Mersey class lifeboat in 2016 . John Senior , Scarborough RNLI lifeboat operations manager , said : \" While it will be a shame to say a farewell to our existing facilities , which have served us over the decades , it 's time to look to the future . \" Plans for the lifeboat station were approved despite a number of objections from residents who claimed the building would \" blend in with existing buildings \" , with one branding it a \" monstrosity \" .", "The 30-year-old , excluded from the World Championships by USA Swimming after a drink-drive conviction , won in one minute 54.75 seconds in Texas . Phelps , an Olympic champion , recorded the year 's times to win the 100m and 200m butterfly . Ryan Lochte won world 200m medley gold in 1:55.81 on Thursday . American Lochte , 31 , holds the world record for the event of 1:54.00 , which he swam in 2011 . \" Ryan and I have been in that race since we started racing in 2004 ,\" said Phelps . \" I 'm looking to getting and competing with him . \" I 've been from the sport for a while and I feel like I 'm I used to be . It 's to be . \" On Saturday , Phelps won the 100m butterfly in 50.45 seconds , than the 50.56 Chad Le Clos swam to win world gold on the day . A day , Phelps won the American 200m butterfly title in one minute 52.94 seconds in San Antonio - 0.54secs than Hungary 's Laszlo Cseh swam in winning the world title in Kazan , Russia . Phelps , who was convicted of drink-driving in December and served a ban from competition , has a record 55 titles .", "The man , of 23 , is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by driving over the collision on the A500 at 04:45 BST . The two men who died , both aged 22 , were from the north Staffordshire area , police said . Part of the carriageway was closed for seven hours after the crash at Cliffe Vale , a spokesman said . The road has reopened . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said it became to crews arriving at the scene \" that nothing could be done to save two men that were in the car \" . They were confirmed at the scene . A man \" was treated for injuries \" and taken to Royal Stoke University Hospital . Anyone with any information about the collision is urged to call police on 101 .", "Protesters have been on the the streets since Freddie Gray 's death on 19 April - a week after a police encounter he sustained injuries . Shops have been looted and objects thrown at police , injuring officers . It was the time in the history of baseball that fans had been locked out of a game . The game at Camden Yards started at 14:05 EDT due to the city 's 22:00 curfew in the wake of the riots , with Baltimore winning 8-2 . Among the to witness the match were those who had paid for balcony rooms in the Hilton Hotel , which overlooks the stadium . Journalists accredited to cover the game reported that the voices of players on the infield could be heard . \" Attention media : For record-keeping purposes , today 's paid attendance is ... zero ,\" an announcement made over the press box address system said . reports said the stadium played the US baseball anthem - Take Me Out To The Ballgame - during the stretch . The Orioles and Major League Baseball officials had said the decision to shut out fans had been taken for safety reasons . But Brendan Hurson , one of the 40 spectators gathered by a fence near the stadium 's gate , said it was a missed opportunity and held up a sign reading \" Do forget Freddie Gray \" . Six police officers have been suspended following Gray 's death and an investigation is under way . On Sunday , than 1,000 protesters were on the streets of Baltimore and at 12 arrests made . Gray , who was 25 , is the of a series of Americans to die in police custody in months , triggering protests accusing the police of brutality .", "The Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash at Pandy on the road between Abergavenny and Hereford at 15:10 BST . The A465 Hereford Road has been shut in both directions but it was expected to reopen on Thursday evening .", "The company had been chosen by KPMG as preferred bidders month . Ferguson , which went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs , will be renamed Ferguson Marine Engineering . Mr McColl has promised to upgrade facilities at the Port Glasgow yard and seek work in the renewables sector . He hopes to grow the workforce from its level of 77 to 120 people . administrator Blair Nimmo said : \" It is to secure the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in such a timeframe and to buyers who can see the potential in the business and its workforce . \" We would like to thank those employees , and all parties with an interest in Ferguson Shipbuilders , including government agencies , for their patience and support during this period . \" We would like to wish Clyde Blowers Capital every success for the future . \" As owners they have an vision to build on its heritage and grow a shipbuilding and engineering business on the Clyde . \" Mr McColl said : \" We are to have completed the purchase of Ferguson 's and are excited by its potential to grow into a leading engineering business . \" He added : \" Work is to develop a plan to rebuild Ferguson 's , and we look to working with the stakeholders in that rebuilding process . \"", "Michael Coe , 35 , saw the two 16-year-olds hugging in the street in Newham , east London , in April and demanded to know if they were Muslims . Southwark Crown Court heard the convert called the girl a \" whore \" , before throwing the boy to the ground . Coe attacked a passing teacher who had tried to help the couple . Judge Michael Gledhill QC said the two children had denied they were challenged by Coe . \" ? Because they were of what you would do if they told you the truth , that they were in fact Muslim ,\" Jude Gledhill said . He added : \" At the time of these offences you either held views or views that were getting to views . \" Coe had admitted \" shoving \" the boy - who is half his size - claiming he was acting in self-defence , but was convicted in August of assault occasioning bodily harm and battery . The court heard the father of two was radicalised in prison by al-Qaeda terrorist Dhiren Barot in 2007 while serving an term for firing a shotgun at police during an arrest . Coe was convicted of aggravated harassment in 2013 after seeing a woman talking to a group of men and telling her that it was against Islam . The defendant , known as Mikaeel Ibrahim , became a associate of convicted hate preacher Choudary , founder of the banned organisation al-Muhajiroun , of which Coe was a member . Prosecutor Jonathan Polnay read a impact statement from the boy . \" He feels the offence has affected his life quite a lot ,\" My Polnay said . \" He does see his friends outside of school . \" He has split up with the girl who was his girlfriend at the time . \"", "It reveals that those aged 60 and are the growing population in English and prisons , with an increase of 146 % between 2002 and 2014 . Those aged 50-59 are the group , says the report . The government said it was \" to providing facilities \" . The report comes as Prisons Minister Andrew Selous is to give evidence on prisoners to the Commons justice select committee . sentences mean people are growing in prison , but rates of and support needs are , says the trust . Two in five prisoners over 50 have a disability of some kind , the report added . Trust director Juliet Lyon said : \" In the years , prison has been reduced to a holding operation for people growing and behind bars . \" Prisons are and than they were a year we published our report . \" An administration of government in May 2015 must accept this deterioration in prison standards and conditions as the . \" Although the prison population stands at 84,500 in England and Wales - 20 % than it was 12 years - the National Offender Management Service has had to make than \u00c2 \u00a3 700m in savings over the three years and is expected cut a \u00c2 \u00a3 149m in 2014-15 . The proportion of prisons whose performance is \" of concern \" or \" of concern \" according to the National Offender Management Service has risen from 13 % in 2012-13 , to 23 % in 2013-14 . Prisons minister Andrew Selous , said : \" We 're to providing facilities and ensuring healthcare needs are met , as working alongside charities as Age UK and Recoop to ensure offenders are rehabilitated . \" From April year , authorities will be for care and support for prisoners meaning that , for the time , we will have a care service working alongside the healthcare provided in prisons by the NHS . \"", "The incident happened on the Whiterock Road at 15:00 GMT on Friday afternoon . Police said it was witnessed by people waiting to pick up prescriptions , including children . The man has been charged with two counts of damage , behaviour and of assault on police . He is to appear at Belfast Magistrates Court on 5 December .", "are feared trapped under rubble after hundreds of buildings collapsed . Thousands of people have been forced to take refuge in shelters and mosques . Some have been left after their houses were destroyed , others have fled their homes amid fears of aftershocks and a tsunami . Rescue workers used diggers to remove rubble in their search efforts on Wednesday . Others used their hands and shovels to find people . A survivors were pulled out on Wednesday . than 200 buildings were either damaged or toppled in the earthquake . The Pidie Jaya region , on the north Aceh coast , was the hit . The tremor hit on Wednesday morning . of the homes in the area have corrugated tin roofs which collapsed . Hundreds have been rushed to the functioning hospital , which has been overwhelmed by patients . Banda Aceh , the capital , was one of the hit areas by the 2004 tsunami , caused by a earthquake .", "Armagh defender Aidan Forker and Louth 's Anthony Williams were sent-off in the game . Goals from Ciaran McKeever and Rowland helped Armagh to a 2-5 to 0-6 half-time lead and Jamie Clarke added the . Antrim eased their relegation worries with CJ McGourty netting in a 1-10 to 0-11 win against Laois , who had Damien O'Connor before half-time . Conor Murray scored two points at Corrigan Park as the Saffrons moved into an 0-4 to 0-1 lead , but Ross Munnelly and David Conway were on target as Louth levelled . The period in the game came before the break with McGourty 's goal and the dismissal of O'Connor . Antrim led 1-5 to 0-6 at half-time but Laois levelled on the restart thanks to points from Ambrose Doran and Alan Farrell . Paddy McBride restored the host 's advantage for James Finn to make it . CJ McGourty slotted over three of Antrim 's four points as they edged to clinch a win to leave the Ulster side in the standings . \" If we did get the two points from this game we would be up against it ,\" said Antrim joint-manager Gearoid Adams . \" CJ McGourty led by example with pressure frees and we got over the line - we must push on . \" There was a opening at the Gaelic Grounds with Forker after 50 seconds followed by McKeever 's goal and the exit of Williams on 10 minutes . The Orchard visitors made a start , surging to a 2-3 to 0-1 lead with Rowland firing in the goal . Louth pair Paraic Smith and Ryan Burns each scored three points and the Division Three pacesetters trailed 2-5 to 0-6 at the break . Armagh banged over seven of the eight points at the start of half to kill off Louth hopes . Grimley split the posts to take his tally to five points and three came from Clarke , who converted a penalty . Armagh are but a point behind Louth and leaders Tipperary . Orchard forward Rory Grugan scored four points and he was with his team 's display . \" We were under pressure to keep our promotion hopes and it was up to us to put in a performance ,\" he said . \" It was a start and these things happen in games but we responded with a goal and we were in shape at half-time . \"", "Clotilde Nonnez , a yoga teacher , says she has lived in the capital for 30 years and seen her health deteriorate . , it became than pollution in Paris hit record levels December . Her lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 deaths per year . \" We are taking the state to task because we think the problems that pollution victims suffer are as a result of the lack of action in tackling air pollution ,\" Fran\u00c3 \u00a7 ois Lafforgue told Le Monde newspaper . cases would be brought in the coming weeks , in Lyon , Lille and , he added . Paris has struggled for years to combat levels of smog and the authorities have introduced fines for any vehicle carrying a \" Crit'Air \" emissions category sticker - part of a scheme to promote vehicles . routes in the capital have restrictions on car use and a 3km ( 1.8-mile ) stretch of the Right Bank of the River Seine has become . Ms Nonnez says she has led a life , as a dancer and as a yoga teacher , but has suffered from problems , ranging from asthma to pneumonia . pollution hit the levels for a decade December , her existing condition prompted an pericarditis attack . \" The doctor treating me says Paris air is that we 're breathing air . She has patients like me , including children and babies . My cardiologist says the ,\" she told the France Info website .", "this week , he refused to answer the question of whether he believed sex was a sin . But he told the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show he was \" about rights \" and defending marriage would be \" at the top of my agenda \" . He said he wanted to extend the rights of people . Appearing on Channel 4 News on Friday , Mr Farron , who beat Norman Lamb to the leadership , was asked three times if he believed sex was a sin . Each time , he refused to give a answer , choosing to say \" my belief is we are sinners \" . Mr Farron was asked by Andrew Marr he voted against the Equality Bill in 2007 - a law which would have made it for businesses to discriminate against people . \" Let me be , I 'm a liberal and I support equality ,\" he replied . \" I 'm about rights , for example , and as the leader of a party , that is something that will be at the top of my agenda throughout the time that I am leader of our party . \" defending the law on marriage , but saying there are areas it needs to be extended . \" Mr Farron said people did have access to marriage due to something known as the spousal veto - which means the husband or wife of someone who has changed gender must give their consent in order for the marriage to continue . He said the Lib Dems tabled an amendment to the Equality Bill because of concerns about \" protection of liberties \" and that was defeated he voted against the bill . He did answer asked what those concerns were , but said : \" I am in favour of access under law for all people whatever their sexuality . \"", "Max Schrems wants the court to order the Irish Data Protection Commissioner to audit Facebook to see what material it passes on to the US authorities . The privacy watchdog had said the transfers were protected under the Safe Harbour trade agreement . But a fortnight the European Court of Justice ruled the pact . The ECJ said that as a consequence the regulator was required to examine Mr Schrems' complaint with \" all diligence \" and decide whether to suspend transfers if it believed the firm was providing an \" level of protection \" to protect people 's privacy . Following the ruling , the data commissioner sought guidance from the High Court about it should proceed , resulting in the proceedings . Mr Schrems alleges that whistleblower Edward Snowden 's leaks demonstrate that Facebook - as technology companies - \" aids US spy agencies for mass surveillance \" in breach of the EU 's Charter of Fundamental Rights . Facebook denies providing \" backdoor \" access to the US intelligence agencies and says its data-transfer processes were reviewed by the watchdog as 2012 . The network , whose headquarters is in Dublin , has requested permission to voice its case at the High Court , but has to find out whether it will be permitted to do . \" We believe it is that we join the proceedings so that we can provide information about our procedures and processes , as to correct inaccuracies that exist ,\" a Facebook spokeswoman told the BBC . Mr Schrems has cast doubt on what information the California-based company might provide . \" Facebook is bound by ' gag orders' and is allowed to confirm cooperation with US authorities ,\" he wrote this month . \" Facebook spokespersons [ who comment on the matter ] do have the security clearance to know about programmes themselves . \" The case could set a precedent that influences EU regulators handle complaints about data sent to computer servers for processing and storage . A spokeswoman for the Irish Data Protection Commissioner said it was the High Court would rule on the dispute should proceed .", "The Watford and West Bromwich Albion defender was without a club he joined Blues on a trial deal in September 2012 . But this contract , in a player-coach role , is his for Blues as he continues to extend a career that totals than 700 appearances . Robinson has figured since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April . But he has clocked up 36 appearances this season , taking his number of games in a shirt to 119 . \" Robbo is an person around the dressing room and been a help to me since I 've come in ,\" Rowett told BBC WM . \" And I think he can offer something on the pitch . \" There is an opportunity to become a squad defender and be around the club and help some of the youngsters in a coaching capacity , one or two days a week . \" it 's to find someone that can offer a multitude of things . They can help the players with that game understanding and that knowledge of winning things and doing things in football , because that 's something you do get in academies . \" Every time he pulled on the captain 's armband he gave it everything he 's got . He 's a winner and a leader and I do think there are of those around clubs in the game . \"", "It has attended nine properties in areas including Poole . The service said neighbours were warned before the devices were set off . It is asking people who wish to use them to contact residents in advance to avoid \" alarms \" . British Pest Control Association ( BPCA ) described them as \" \" products . Firefighters have been called to homes in Bournemouth , Weymouth , Wool , and Woolland , near Hazelbury Bryan . Richard Moseley , manager for BPCA , said devices were used by the association in confined areas as loft spaces and greenhouses to control pests , including cluster flies . \" Imagine a firework with insecticides going off - that 's what you 're dealing with ,\" he said . \" smoke can be seen and in cases as these we would inform the fire service , but it 's something an amateur would think of . \" They are advised for use in living areas , as kitchens or sitting rooms , there is a risk of contamination , he said . He added there was a \" lack of knowledge \" with products .", "The storms over the weekend killed six people , including two Girl Guides who were crushed by a falling tree . Thousands of homes were damaged . Poland 's forester Konrad Tomaszewski said it would take up to two years to clear the fallen trees , and decades for the lost habitat to recover . He called it \" the disaster in the history of Polish - and - forestry \" . It is estimated the storms brought over eight million metres of lumber across 45,000 hectares of forest . Some of the hit areas were Torun , Gdansk , and Poznan - all in the and parts of the country . In Torun , the storms left than 23,000 hectares of damaged forest . It destroyed the habitats of species . In a statement ( in Polish ) , Polish State Forests said they found \" destroyed bird nests \" and \" animals that failed to escape the storm . \" The disaster comes as the government faces criticism for logging in Europe 's forest , which is situated in the east of the country . The Bialowieza forest is a Unesco world heritage site that sits along Poland 's border with Belarus , and is home to wildlife . Unesco , EU officials , and activists have opposed logging and month the European Union 's court ordered that logging operations be stopped . Logging banned in Europe 's forest The government responded by saying logging was to protect the forest from an infestation of bark beetle . The European Court of Justice will meet in a months to determine whether the injunction will remain in place . The European Commission is taking action against Warsaw , and if Poland loses the case it will be for multimillion euro fines .", "Arbroath moved into with a 4-0 victory over Clyde . Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0 , while Stirling Albion moved up to with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City . Edinburgh City snatched all three points in their game against Annan thanks to Ryan Porteous' header . Forfar went against Berwick David Cox scored before the interval with a header from six yards out . Lewis Milne added a second four minutes from time . Bobby Linn was on target in the minute for Arbroath ; finding the corner with a finish . Martin Scott scored two in two minutes in the half to clinch victory for the Red Lichties , who leapfrog their visitors in the table , before Ryan McCord added a . Nikolay Todorov fired Cowdenbeath from the spot in the minute after Cammy Ballantyne fouled Kris Renton in the area . And it went from to for the visitors Ballantyne was shown a card in the minute for a foul on Craig Johnston . The hosts extended their lead through Renton 's header . Elgin took the lead against Stirling Darryl McHardy found the bottom corner with a strike in the minute . , the visitors equalised in the half Marc McKenzie headed at the post from an Eddie Ferns cross . Stirling moved Blair Henderson pounced from range after Sean Dickson 's shot had been saved by the goalkeeper . Brian Cameron thought he had rescued a point for his side with a strike , but Jamie Mills scored the winner .", "Gerry McGowan , Michael Toner , Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly were all teenagers they were accused of killing Lt Steven Kirby in 1979 . The Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998 . They are involved in a case against the police for arrest . They four men say they were subjected to imprisonment , assault , battery and prosecution . The PSNI told the BBC it would be to comment due to proceedings . On Friday , lawyers for the PSNI constable submitted documents to the High Court in Belfast indicating that all interview notes from 1979 were missing . \" I suppose my reaction was one of disbelief but at the time it was ,\" said Gerry McGowan . \" These documents could have been tested to determine whether the statements were tampered with . \" Were they destroyed or was it incompetence ? \" It is understood that no explanation was provided as to the notes had gone . It is another twist in a battle for justice , according to Paul O'Connor from the Pat Finucane Centre . \" It is an coincidence that in this case the interview notes have gone ,\" he said . \" It would be to get to the bottom of this to see what was written in the interview notes and this is quite a blow for them . \" My heart goes out to the four men , they have been vindicated in terms of having the charges withdrawn but they 've had no justice . \" The four men have lodged an application for the release of tape recordings of the interviews , which they believed were made by the security services .", "Media playback is unsupported on your device 12 September 2015 updated at 12:39 BST The world 's space flier was joined by two crewmates , including Denmark 's astronaut . Andreas Mogensen of the European Space Agency and Aidyn Aimbetov both spent than 10 days in orbit . The three spacemen made their parachute landing in Kazakhstan after leaving the International Space Station ( ISS ) at 9.39pm on Friday . Mogensen said the crew had had \" a mission \" at the ISS , whose nine members represented five nationalities at the time . \" This is a example of what can be achieved we work across borders and boundaries ,\" he added . Pictures from NASA TV .", "The number two seeds completed a 44-38 victory over China , who were champions in London four years . Find out to get into fencing with our guide . Romania , who finished in the team epee in London , were in control throughout the game after winning the bout . The team secured their bronze of these games with a 37-31 victory over Estonia . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "An emission zone in London for the cars will come into force in April 2019 and reports say cities will follow suit . The government will produce a air quality plan by the end of April . But Theresa May has said she will \" take into account \" drivers encouraged to buy diesel cars by governments . Labour Chancellor Gordon Brown introduced a vehicle tax in 2001 to encourage people to buy diesel cars , as they were and thought to be in terms of carbon dioxide emissions . But there has been increasing concern from experts that the vehicles emit levels of nitrogen dioxide , which is thought to have caused thousands of deaths in the UK . The government has to produce a air quality plan after receiving a \" warning \" from the European Commission about breaches of air quality levels in the UK . It lost two court cases in 2015 and 2016 over pollution levels brought by lawyers ClientEarth . To tackle the issue , a \" toxin tax \" is expected to be rolled out across cities , charging drivers of diesel cars up to \u00c2 \u00a3 20 per day to come into areas . Mayor of London Sadiq Khan announced on Tuesday that such a scheme - creating an the emission zone in the capital - would come into force in two years' time , with a charge of \u00c2 \u00a3 12.50 for petrol cars that do meet Euro 4 standards and diesel vehicles that do meet Euro 6 standards . But motoring organisations have said diesel car drivers are being \" punished \" for following a government 's policy . Mrs May has hinted there will be schemes to help drivers who were told that diesel vehicles were the purchase . Speaking on her trip to Jordan and Saudi Arabia , she said : \" Decisions will be taken we produce that [ air quality ] plan . \" But I 'm of the fact that governments have encouraged people to buy diesel cars and we need to take that into account we look at what we do in the future . \" She did set out any plans , but there have been reports of a scrappage scheme that could pay people to get rid of their diesel vehicles .", "McCann is \" \" with the seven faces he has signed in weeks , but admits it has been . \" Identifying guys has been as the club does have any recruitment system behind it ,\" he said . \" It 's something I 'll be speaking to our managing director , John Nelms , about because it 's . \" Facing his season as Dundee boss , McCann says recruitment is \" top of the list of priorities \" for any manager and he is hoping to makes strides in that area of the January transfer window . \" We need help ,\" he added . \" We 've been chasing our tails a bit this time . We need a database so that come January , if we want to strengthen , we have a list we can choose from than running about 24 hours a day taking calls , looking on Wyscout , looking at games . \" Despite the difficulty , Dundee have managed to sign striker Sofien Moussa , midfielder Glen Kamara , defender Jack Hendry , winger Randy Wolters , midfielder Roarie Deacon and striker Rory Loy . Midfielder Scott Allan has moved to Dens Park on a loan from Celtic . \" It 's been a team effort between the staff this summer ,\" McCann said . \" We 've all mucked in and done our homework . \" You would believe the number of hours that have been put into recruitment . It 's been . \" I 'm with the guys we 've brought in . They offer us something we did have . We have two types in a lot of positions . \" McCann hopes recruit Moussa will receive clearance to complete his move before Tuesday 's League Cup match to Raith Rovers . Dundee were knocked out of the competition at the group stage season and McCann , who took over in April and was named manager in June , is to avoid a repeat . \" I do want to use these games as a warm-up ,\" he said . \" It 's that we start building a winning mentality from the game of the season - starting on Tuesday . \" I do think you can go into the season . \" We will give every team we face the respect we 'd show Rangers or Celtic . We will be . \"", "Faull was part of the and Irish Lions side who beat New Zealand in Auckland in 1959 . He made 12 appearances for Wales and played in four of the six Tests in the 1959 Lions tour . He played three times for the Barbarians . John was the son of referee and president of the Welsh Rugby Union , Wilf Faull .", "The major champion had surgery during 15 months out before returning in December , he tied for 15th at the Hero World Challenge . Over the five weeks he plays four tournaments . \" That is a concern , no doubt about it , but I 'm looking to it . I 've sat out ,\" Woods said . \" I 've gone through some lows . There were points I did know whether I would swing a golf club . \" But I do feel about it . I need to get and do it and see what happens . \" Woods begins his 2017 season at the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego , which begins on Thursday . He will play at the Dubai Desert Classic from 2-5 February , followed by the Genesis Open at Riviera from 16-19 February and the Honda Classic in Palm Beach Gardens from 23-26 February . \" I 've got my body in a state I feel I can handle that workload , but I 've got to go and do it ,\" he added . \" Feeling about it and doing it are two things . \" Media playback is supported on this device", "The woman , who has asked to remain , said it happened before 20:00 BST on Sunday . She said the man was dressed in clothes and asked her to call an ambulance . \" It was a shock . You do know who you 're answering the door to ,\" she said . The shooting happened at Glenwood Drive , Poleglass . The victim , a man , is in a condition in hospital . The woman told BBC News she was waiting for her grandson to come over the man came to her door and said there were lots of children in the area . \" I did get sleep , I 've been all night with my stomach churning ,\" she said . \" It does bear thinking about if the kids had seen the shooting . \" The woman said she and a neighbour tended to the man while waiting for the ambulance , which she said arrived and took him . She said she does think the man was to her area . Stephen Magennis , a Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in councillor , said the man had been shot \" five or six times in the leg \" . \" I 've said for a time regarding punishment attacks that no guns should be brought onto the streets ,\" he said . \" The message needs to come and in the community and these groups will listen . \"", "Canadian Roger Thomas Clark is said to have been a adviser for Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht . The US Department of Justice alleged that Mr Clark advised Ulbricht about the way to run the site and to evade the police . The Silk Road website was shut down in 2013 following raids by the FBI and law enforcement agencies . It was a marketplace sited on the web through which people bought drugs . In May this year Ross Ulbricht was sentenced to life in prison for creating and running the site . The DoJ alleges that Mr Clark was a \" \" operator on the Silk Road and was in helping Ulbricht run it . He gave advice about ways to improve the technology underpinning the site , boost sales and on the way for Ulbricht to hide his identity , said US authorities . Mr Clark was paid \" at hundreds of thousands of dollars \" for this advice , said the DoJ in a statement announcing the arrest . \" Clark may have thought residing in Thailand would keep him out of reach of US authorities , but our partnerships have proven him ,\" said FBI assistant director Diego Rodriguez . On the site and in forums , Mr Clark is believed to have used nicknames including \" Variety Jones , \" VJ \" , \" Cimon \" and \" Plural of Mongoose \" . Extradition proceedings have been started against Mr Clark to transfer him from a jail in Thailand to the US . He faces charges of narcotics conspiracy and money laundering . If found of both charges he could face 30 years in jail .", "The man was discovered in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve , in Earnley , on Tuesday by Coastguards . Sussex Police said the incident , which took place in the Selsey area at 17:00 GMT , was being treated as a \" accident \" . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed . A spokesman for Sussex Police said they believed the AAIB would be \" leading on the investigation into the cause of the crash \" .", "The champions take on the Europeans in Jeju , South Korea , as they look to seal a place in the quarter-finals . Chambeshi has watched his side play some football in the group stage and is looking for of the on Wednesday . \" They have a team but we are the champions , so at that morale is motivating us a lot ,\" said Chambeshi . He said his team had recovered from the 1-0 defeat they suffered against Costa Rica in their Group C match . \" We are representing Africa and I think we have the strength and power to match Germany . They have a team but we are the champions \" We have to respect them , but they have to respect us . \" Zambia 's prospects have been boosted by the return of captain Solomon Sakala who sat out the Costa Rica game through suspension . \" I 'm the captain is in the team ; morale is and the boys are looking to the game . \" Chambeshi was part of Zambia 's Olympic squad thrashed 4-0 by Germany during the 1988 Games in Seoul . , he said revenge was his motivation but getting the result to see them through to the stage . \" In football , there is no revenge ; we know everyone is looking at that [ Seoul ' 88 defeat ] , but we buried that Seoul Olympics defeat . \" We have to do our so that we overcome Germany . \" That time Germany had [ Jurgen ] Klinsmann who was a player . \" We had players , but it 's a scenario . \"", "Mr Yanukovych flew from China to Sochi in Russia for the meeting . He cancelled a visit to Malta . month he shelved a partnership deal with the EU , triggering protests in Ukraine 's capital Kiev . Jailed opposition politician Yulia Tymoshenko has called off a prison hunger strike . The minister 's daughter , Eugenia , said her mother had accepted a request from protesters in Kiev to stop the . She had begun the hunger strike on 25 November in protest at Mr Yanukovych 's failure to sign the EU deal . Thousands of protesters remain outside the government building on Kiev 's Independence Square , braving cold . They are that he made an U-turn in relations with the EU , refusing to sign the association agreement that had been prepared during years of negotiations . In Sochi , Mr Yanukovych discussed \" preparation of a treaty on partnership \" with Russia , his press service said . The talks covered issues , the statement said , without elaborating . Mr Putin has been urging Ukraine to join Russia 's customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan - a union whose entry terms are than the EU 's . In months Russia has put Ukraine under pressure , imposing customs delays at the border and banning imports of sweets . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , a Tymoshenko ally and leader of the opposition faction in parliament , condemned the talks in Sochi . \" Their attempts to sell Ukraine to Russia have ended in any way ,\" he said . \" If Yanukovych tries to sign anything with Russia about the customs union it will lead to a wave of protests . \"", "than 350 Roma people had lived in the camp on La Petite Ceinture since mid-2015 . Activists said left of the police action . The site belongs to the rail authority SNCF . France has one of Europe 's policies towards Roma . live in camps that are demolished and every year thousands are deported . Amnesty International urged city authorities to find a housing solution for those evicted in Paris - saying they would become in mid-winter . Hundreds of thousands of Roma - from Romania and Bulgaria - have moved to Europe since the 1990s . The Council of Europe , the region 's rights body , warned that evictions were \" \" because they disrupted education and healthcare for Roma children . Council of Europe Secretary General Thorbjorn Jagland said it was for authorities to provide \" , accommodation \" for those evicted , \" as they have decided to take this action during winter \" . France 's Roma", "Hythe Ferry runs between Hythe and Southampton , serviced by a train which runs along a 640m ( 2,000ft ) pier . The presenter lent his support to a community group 's aim to take over the management of the pier and train . Its operator said numbers using the ferry had been falling . this year , Hythe Ferry Ltd warned staff about redundancies , having suffered a \" decline \" in passenger numbers and faced with operating costs . than 9,000 people have signed a petition calling for the service to be saved . Peter King , of the Hythe Hythe Pier Train and Ferry Action Group , said members wanted to create a \" ferry \" by a trust taking over the management of the pier and \" relieving \" the ferry operators of the costs of maintaining it . He said a redevelopment project could cost \u00a3 2-3m but a trust would be to access sources of finance , including lottery grants . Mr Snow said : \" This train is the running pier train in the world , so I 'm campaigning to keep it . We need to do everything we can to keep this piece of our past running . \"", "Corran \" Coz \" Powell , 21 , died following the collision in Braintree , Essex , in December 2014 . His family is raising money to buy a area of land on which he dreamed about running survival courses for people . The centre would be used as a venue for bands and charity events . \" I ca think of anything we could have done that was , or Coz ,\" his mother Gennie said . \" I think he 'd be 100 % behind it . If he 's watching he 'd be saying ' Come on Mum , keep going ' . Mrs Powell said if they could raise money to buy the land \" he loved and built his plans around \" , his relatives would make they followed through \" if it 's three acres \" . Mrs Powell said her son , who was from Gosfield , Essex , dreamt of \" teaching people to understand , be in and respect our countryside \" . \" He loved being and having been introduced to woodland survival was about the skills and confidence it gave him ,\" she said . On the family 's fundraising page , Mrs Powell wrote : \" We have the skills and knowledge to set up the kind of Centre that Coz had in mind but we do have the money . \" The family will contribute money paid from Mr Powell 's car insurance life cover towards its \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 target .", "Syd 's Garden will be \" laced with clues \" about the singer , according to Stephen Pyle . Designed as a area for patients and staff , it will open in the grounds of Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018 . Barrett , a founder member of Pink Floyd , died in 2006 after living as a semi-recluse . Read Cambridgeshire stories The garden has been designed by sculptor Mr Pyle and Paul Herrington , a garden designer . Their charity , Art Garden Health , creates and maintains spaces for NHS hospitals at no cost . Addenbrooke 's offered them a plot a year - and fundraising got under way . Mr Pyle knew Barrett as a man the two began Saturday art classes at Cambridge 's Homerton College . They were members of band Those Without , which toured Cambridge youth clubs and pubs between 1963 and 1965 . They studied at the Cambridge School of Art before Barrett left for London - and Mr Pyle began a career in theatre set design . \" Syd 's sister said he liked roses ,\" said Mr Pyle . \" And there 'll be a striped colour theme , which fans will recognise . \" The artwork on his album is turquoise and orange , and Paul worked with those colours . \" There 's a nod to Abbey Road 's crossing . \" The centrepiece will be a sculpture , depicting a Barrett on a bicycle , armed with a guitar and a paint palette . \" This was the Syd I knew at art school ,\" said Mr Pyle . \" The 18-year-old , the wheeler . \" He was for glory , and . He was - and , . \" He described Barrett as a \" son of Cambridge \" , who returned to the city and lived as a recluse until his death in 2006 . In October 2016 a artwork unveiled in the foyer of the Cambridge Corn Exchange in October 2016 , he played his gig . A plaque was dedicated to him in Cambridge as part of BBC Music Day 2017 .", "The footage shows Mr Duterte and his supporters making light of the assault by prison inmates in 1989 he was town mayor . He said the missionary was that \" the mayor should have been \" . Critics say this shows Mr Duterte is \" \" for the office of president . Mr Duterte 's supporters have dismissed the comments as a joke . The candidate is known for his speeches and boasts of conquests . One poll had him leading over contenders of the 9 May election . The rape comments in a YouTube video are the in a string of statements - including the proposed mass executions of suspected criminals - made by Mr Duterte . In the video he refers to the missionary who was murdered while ministering in a prison in the city of Davao in the Philippines and goes on to make his remark to laughter at a campaign rally . President Benigno Aquino 's spokesman Herminio Coloma said the comments reflected Mr Duterte 's \" lack of fitness for the presidency \" and his \" lack of respect for women \" . A candidate , Vice-President Jejomar Binay , called the comments revolting . \" You are a maniac who does respect women and does deserve to be president ,\" Mr Binay told Mr Duterte in a statement . Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) Deputy Asia Director Phil Robertson said the comments \" were a endorsement of violence \" for which Mr Duterte should be condemned . In 2015 , HRW described Mr Duterte as the death squad mayor for his tactics in dealing with crime in Davao , with than 1,000 people being killed .", "The images were all taken from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April and the contest was to anyone with a camera or a phone . The winner was Paolo Ferla who took \" Electric Bristol \" - a picture of the Clifton Suspension Bridge . Megan Witty , from 24 Hours In Bristol , said the judges had had \" an job \" picking a winner . The competition involves entrants being \" allocated \" one hour of the day or night in which they must take one photograph . Mr Ferla , from Bath , said he was \" \" to have won . He said he used a 10 self-timer and ran into the shot . \" Ten seconds is so it took quite a attempts - we got the sky was , so we sat for 20 minutes waiting for the sky to get . \" It 's a bridge and as the sun sets on it and the sky gets and the lights come on - it comes to life . \" Ms Witty said the six judges \" did agree \" and one said it had been \" \" for some to win . She said 75 % were taken on cameras and 25 % on phones . The exhibition is at the Harbourside Arts Centre near Millennium Square and runs until the middle of June .", "The world 's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $ 94.6bn , 2 % , and earnings of $ 4.9bn , 5 % . It said revenues were to slip in 2017 , to between $ 90.5bn and $ 92.5bn . But the US company expects to deliver aircraft and to improve its earnings per share . \" Looking , our team is on accelerating productivity and programme execution ,\" said chairman and executive Dennis Muilenburg . In the period , Boeing made 748 aircraft deliveries , from 762 in 2015 , claiming to have led the market for \" the year \" . It delivered planes - in , its CH-47 Chinook helicopter and its F / A-18 fighter jet - while sales in the division slipped 7 % . Revenue fell in the firm 's space and services divisions because of demand for satellites and aircraft modernisation . , group earnings surged 59 % in the quarter of the year as demand for the company 's planes ticked up . Boeing projected deliveries this year of between 760 and 765 aircraft . The company 's shares were by than 2 % in trading in New York .", "Cassells won the title with Coleraine man Peter Chambers year . Chambers , , helped the four take silver behind defending world and champions Switzerland . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates were in the sculls final with Alan Campbell in the B scull final . London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist Campbell said that he had been suffering from hay fever over the weekend in Germany . Cassells and Scrimgeour dominated the lightweight pair final and had over three seconds to spare from Denmark at the finish . The pair is a boat class but Cassells and Scrimgeour will have reminded the Great Britain coaches of their selection claims for the four . Chambers , Mark Aldred , Jonno Clegg and Chris Bartley led the fours final at the stage before the Swiss took control to win by a length . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and her Great Britain crew mates Rosamund Bradbury , Jess Leyden and Kristina Stiller were going in place before catching a crab before the mark which stalled the boat . They finished behind winners Germany and will finalise their preparations for the Olympic qualifying regatta in Lucerne in a fortnight 's time . There was success for Ireland in the men 's sculls brothers Gary and Paul O'Donovan from County Cork rowed through leaders Norway in the closing 500m to clinch gold . Reigning world champions France and silver medallists Great Britain - Coleraine 's Richard Chambers and Will Fletcher - were missing from the field but that does detract from a moment for rowing . There was a medal for Ireland in the women 's sculls London Olympian Sanita Puspure took bronze behind scullers from Austria and Latvia .", "Australia had a first-innings lead of 155 runs after bowling their hosts out for 105 in Pune . The tourists scored 285 in the innings , setting India a record target of 441 to win . , India were for 107 as they lost inside three days , with spinner Steve O'Keefe taking 6-35 . On a turning pitch , O'Keefe took 6-35 in the innings , while spinner Nathan Lyon snared five wickets in total - with figures of 4-53 in the innings - as Australia 's spin duo outperformed their counterparts . Visiting captain Steve Smith played a part in the victory as he scored 109 in the innings , his Test century in India . The win was Australia 's in India since 2004 . \" I 'm of boys have performed ,\" said Smith . \" O'Keefe was in the match . \" India captain Virat Kohli was of his team , describing it as their \" batting display in two years \" . \" We got outplayed in this match . We have to take it on the chin ,\" he added . \" We took them for granted but we were during the three days . \" India , the Test team , have lost a home Test series since 2012 and the match starts in Bangalore on Saturday , 4 March .", "Jockey James Best edged on the Neil Mulholland-trained seven-year-old ( 25-1 ) and held on to finish half a length . year 's winner Theatre Guide ( 11-1 ) had to settle for , with Double Shuffle ( 11-2 ) finishing . \" It 's days like this that mean , this is the day of my racing career ,\" said Best . \" You 've no idea it means and I am to be given an opportunity on a day like this . \" There was a blip in the celebrations as Best was unshipped after the line . He added : \" I 'd done celebrating , I was trying to pull him up . I delivered him as I dare , with the fact he is , and he 's dropped his shoulder - you have to expect the with him . \"", "The research was carried out by scientists from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland , University College Dublin , the University of Edinburgh and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . They say it shows the divergence may have began 360 years . It suggests Travellers are connected to settled people . The researchers found that any disparities between Travellers and settled people in the Republic are to them remaining isolated for centuries and their numbers decreasing . It is thought there are 30,000 people living in the Republic of Ireland who are members of the Travelling community , representing 0.6 % of the population . it had been thought that Travellers had become displaced between 1845 and 1852 as a result of the Great Famine . \" The findings confirm that the Irish Traveller population has an ancestry and this comes at a time the ethnicity of Travellers is being considered by the state ,\" the Royal College of Surgeons' Prof Gianpiero Cavalleri said . \" It is to emphasise that although Travellers show features of a isolate , they are to settled people in Ireland . \" It is to observe that the isolation of Travellers from people predates the Great Famine . \" it 's to emphasise that our research estimates the beginning of the divergence of the Travelling community , than their origin . \" DNA samples from 42 Irish Travellers were compared with that of 143 Roma , 2,232 settled Irish , 2,039 , 5,964 and 931 individuals from the rest of the world for the study . dating methods were used to estimate the period the travelling community began to split from the population in Ireland .", "The stretch of road on the A890 was closed following rock falls month , before it was reopened . Highland Council said work to stabilise rock in the area would continue over the two to three weeks . The authority is seeking a term solution to the bypass .", "The bodies of Ronald Kidd , 40 , and Holly Alexander , 37 , were discovered at a tenement in Rosefield Street , in the city 's end , at 21:00 on Sunday . The property was sealed off by police while detectives and scenes of crimes officers investigated . The man is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Wednesday . Detectives said a review of CCTV in the are was being carried out , while house-to-house inquiries are continuing . Police have appealed for anyone with information to come . Det Insp Brian Geddes , who is leading the investigation , said : \" I would be to hear from anyone who heard or saw anything in the Rosefield Street area , in the days between Thursday 8 December 2016 and Sunday 11 December 2016 . \"", "Media playback is supported on this device The 21-year-old 's success guaranteed Britain a berth in the event at the Rio 2016 Olympics . The Brownlee brothers did compete , with their focus on this year 's World Series competition and the Rio Olympic test event . Benson completed the event in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds . He was of Portugal 's Joao Silva (+ 11 seconds ) and Rostyslav Pevtsov (+ 33secs ) of Azerbaijan . After a swim , team-mates Bishop ( ) and Philip Graves ( 46th ) played a role in helping Benson to the lead during the cycling phase . During the 10km run he broke from the chasing pack and although the triathlete was caught by Aleksandr Latin of Estonia he re-established his lead . \" I could have done it without Tom and Phil ,\" said Benson . \" It was a team effort . It 's a shame we could get medals - but getting the gold is . \" London 2012 gold medallist Alistair Brownlee and world title-winning brother Jonny are expected to secure Rio Olympic places for Team GB through performances at the qualification event in Brazil in August . Benson will hope to be included in World Series races and the Rio test event in order to enhance his prospects of a place in the squad for the Rio Olympics . Triathlon , which consisted of a 1.5km swim , 40km cycle and 10km run in the European Games , is one of three sports included in Baku 2015 which have qualification possibilities for year 's Olympics in Brazil .", "The museum closed October to allow work to upgrade the building and provide display space . About half of the project 's \u00a3 66m cost is being funded by the council . In April 2015 , the council provided \u00a3 5.7m to kick-start the building 's revamp , which houses treasures donated to the city by collector Sir William Burrell in 1944 . The Burrell collection consists of than 8,000 artefacts but than a fifth of them have been on show at any one time . it re-opens to visitors in 2020 , the basement of the building will become part of the exhibition space , so that 90 % of the objects can be viewed by the public . The Heritage Lottery Fund has given \u00a3 15m to the project and the UK government has contributed \u00a3 5m . It is hoped a fundraising campaign will raise the rest . Cllr Archie Graham said : \" Sir William 's legacy has been described as the gift a city has received and we have a duty to ensure it is housed in the of buildings . \"", "Swindale Beck , near Haweswater , was straightened to clear land for grazing , but the flows washed gravel , making it for salmon and trout to spawn . During summer a stretch was filled in and replaced with a meandering course . In December , 16 salmon were spotted , along with five redds - disturbed gravel eggs had been laid . The bend restoration project , involving United Utilities , the RSPB , Natural England and the Environment Agency , was aimed at alleviate flooding by slowing the flow of water through the valley . Lee Schofield , RSPB site manager at Haweswater , said : \" Habitat restoration is a process and we do see the benefits of our work for years and decades . \" It 's and to work on a project we get the chance to experience success after we 've finished . \"", "The authorities say the Airbus A310 , which set off from the capital , should have been allowed to fly , the AFP news agency reports . of the 152 people killed in the crash were citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros . There was one survivor - a girl who was rescued from the sea . of the passengers were travelling to the Comoros , but had begun their journey in Paris or Marseille on another jet operated by the airline of Yemen , before boarding flight IY626 in Sanaa . An association of the families , AFVCA , has welcomed the charge . \" It 's a relief for the families of the victims who have waited four and a half years ,\" a spokesman for the association told the BBC . \" the company will be forced to face up to its responsibilities . \" Yemenia has said that weather - winds and seas - was the cause of the crash . The carrier is included on the European Union list of banned airlines . The crash caused anger amongst the community in France as people complained that the aircraft had been in condition . The plane was banned from airspace after inspectors found faults in 2007 , according to the transport minister , Dominique Bussereau . countries had found a number of problems they inspected Yemenia aircraft to the crash . Officials from Yemen have said the plane had undergone a inspection and conformed to standards .", "The Brazil forward , known by her name , has signed a contract with an option of a . She has been playing in Sweden for FC Rosengard . Marta was part of the Brazil side which lost in the 2007 World Cup final to Germany in China . Marta won five world player of the year titles from 2006-2010 and has finished in the three of the voting in every year from 2004-2014 . Orlando City executive Alex Leitao said : \" We are to bring Marta to Orlando , and I am as I have been a fan of her for years . \" Our team worked to add the , women 's soccer player in the world to the roster . \"", "The side in Super League had lost their five matches in a row including the 18-10 defeat by Huddersfield at Magic Weekend . Frayssinous , 40 , is a Catalans and France stand-off who became the coach of the club he replaced Trent Robinson in 2012 . Coaches Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan and manager Alex Chan will take charge of the team .", "Prince Jacques is in line to the Monaco throne , a principality on the coast . A statement said both babies were doing . Gabriella was born , with Jacques arriving two minutes . Their father is Prince Albert II , 56 , son of the Hollywood actress , Grace Kelly . Charlene , 36 , is a Olympic swimmer . The couple married in 2011 . The prince has two children but they are excluded from the throne because they were born outside of marriage . of the birth , Prince Albert said that the child to be delivered would become , if the twins were the sex . But since the twins are sex , Jacques takes the role , due to Monaco 's laws of succession favouring males . The gender of the twins had been kept a secret from their father during Charlene 's pregnancy . Forty-two canon shots were fired to mark the arrival , 21 for each infant . It is the time twins have been born to Monaco 's family since it was founded in the Century .", "Foster 's time of 11.62 seconds earned qualification as she finished in her heat . , Smyth exited from the men 's 100m as he finished in his heat in 10.66 - . 44 secs outside his . Reid , , started in his heat and was disqualified . star Smyth , 27 , appeared to start in heat four but faded after 50m as he finished in 10.66 seconds . \" I got out of the blocks and was in a position in the stages , , I tightened up and people started to pass me ,\" explained Smyth . \" I was hoping to do but I have recovered from my hamstring injury . \"[ But ] It has been an experience for me to represent Northern Ireland at the Commonwealth Games as I missed out on Delhi because of injury . \" London-born Reid 's Northern Ireland outing proved a affair as he started in heat three . Reid , 20 , switched allegiance to Northern Ireland in February as his mother hails from the province . Birchfield Harrier Reid won European Junior Championship 200m silver year and his focus in Glasgow will be the sprint . Smyth is scheduled to run the 200m at these championships but the Londonderry man 's 2014 season has been affected by trouble and the 100m is regarded as his event . A time of 10.45secs would have secured a loser 's progression to Monday 's semi-finals . Foster looked to be in a heat but her time of 11.62 - despite being . 22secs outside her - earned her spot behind Australia 's Melissa Breen [ 11.54 ] . On the opening date of athletics action at the Games , Northern Ireland hopeful Gladys Ganiel produced a run to take 12th in the women 's marathon with her finishing time of 2 hours 40.29 minutes , 57 seconds outside her set in Berlin September . The runner was making her appearance at a championship at the age of 37 . Ganiel is a athlete and her day job is working as an professor in conflict resolution and reconciliation at Trinity College , Dublin . Kenyan Flomena Cheyech Daniel took the gold medal in 2:26.45 of her compatriot Caroline Kilel [ 2:27.10 ] with Australia 's Jess Trengove [ 2:30.12 ] winning the bronze .", "Smoke bombs were let off and bricks thrown as police turned out in force to oversee hundreds of demonstrators marching through town . They clashed with demonstrators , leaving five people with injuries . Kent Police said it seized than 20 weapons including a knuckle duster . Police said their operation ended at 17:00 GMT after they had arrested individuals for possession of weapons , breaching the peace and order offences . Banners and placards carried by the marchers included those from the North West National Front , organisation Combat 18 and the Scottish Defence League . Counter-demonstrators included members of Kent Anti-Racism Network , group Antifa and people with Socialist Worker placards . They were addressed by Diane Abbott , secretary of state for development . , six people were arrested on suspicion of disorder at a service station on the M20 which was closed after coaches believed to be on the way to the demonstrations were damaged . Police said officers were called to a disturbance at Maidstone services at junction eight at 10:51 GMT . Two coaches had swastikas daubed on them in blood following a clash between two groups . A coach which left the scene was stopped at junction 11 services at Westenhanger . During the day police took weapons including a knife , pieces of wood , glass , hammers and bricks . A police spokesman said he could comment on the motives of those involved , or what groups they may or may have been a part of . Police warned on Friday the demonstrations were expected to attract numbers of protesters , with businesses and residents told to expect disruption .", "Douglas Carswell told the BBC 's Sunday Politics that the party needed to ensure it got the \" tone \" in order to attract voters . It comes after Mr Carswell said in an article in the Times on Saturday that Mr Farage \" needs to take a break \" . A row has developed within UKIP after Mr Farage 's resignation was rejected by the party . Mr Carswell said : \" I 'm suggesting he takes a break as leader . I 'm suggesting he takes a break from being leader . \" the executive has the authority , they 're the ruling body . \" I 'm told that they made a decision . I 'm told it was a decision , he is the leader but I think it 's that as leader he takes a break and I think it 's that we work out these questions are answered by a team . \" No one person has all the answers . I 'm about tone , making we get a tone that ensures that the 27 million people who did vote for UKIP week may be persuaded to vote for us in future . \" The party has been beset by wrangling since Mr Farage agreed to stay on as leader , days after standing down after failing to get elected in Thanet South . He had pledged before the election that he would quit the post if he failed to get elected to Parliament . aide Matthew Richardson has left the party , following claims from MEP Patrick O'Flynn that Mr Farage had fallen under the influence of \" \" advisers . UKIP has confirmed the departure of Mr Farage 's chief of staff Raheem Kassam . Mr Farage ruled out quitting as leader on BBC 's Question Time on Thursday , saying he had \" \" support , and has challenged his critics to decide whether they want to stay in the party . In his article , Mr Carswell had said that \" knowing it is to lead a party makes me admire Nigel Farage all the \" . \" I know that I could ,\" he added , stressing that he would find it \" to lead UKIP , be the voice of the party in the Commons , represent my Clacton constituents and at the time be a husband and a dad \" . , he said that \" leaders need to take a break \" , adding : \" Nigel needs to take a break . \" UKIP got four million votes at the election , but returned one MP - Conservative Mr Carswell in the Clacton constituency .", "About 80,000 works of art , ceramics , manuscripts , letters and photographs faced being auctioned to help pay off the pottery firm 's pension debt . But a fundraising campaign launched in September hit its target in a month . Adminstrators Begbies Traynor said the collection will remain on display at the museum in Barlaston , Staffordshire . The Art Fund , which led the campaign , will gift the collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum , before it is loaned to the Wedgwood Museum . Administrator Bob Young said it had been \" \" to sign off on the sale on Monday . \" Today 's outcome would have been without the spirit of goodwill and determination shown during the negotiations ,\" he said . The Wedgwood Museum inherited Waterford Wedgwood plc 's pension bill after the firm collapsed in 2009 . In 2010 the museum went into administration , and in 2011 a court judge ruled its collection could be sold to reimburse the Pension Protection Fund . Alison Wedgwood , whose husband Tom is a descendant of company founder Josiah Wedgwood , said the collection was \" \" for Staffordshire . The collection risked being \" sold and scattered around the globe \" had the money been raised , she added . Tristram Hunt MP , who was involved in the campaign , said the sale was \" news \" . \" The items contained within the Wedgwood collection chart a part of Britain 's development over centuries and play a part in defining our identity today ,\" he said .", "Its stature is built on its size ( that of France and Germany combined ) , its prestige as the custodian of the birthplace of Islam and its colossus status as an oil producer - with a quarter of the world 's reserves under its deserts . Its importance as an oil exporting nation has made interdependence with the West - the consumer demand is found - a necessity . This , in turn , has led to and relationships that at times have been a source of awkwardness for both sides . It stands out for its espousal of a version of Sunni Islam , including punishments as beheadings , and its restrictions on women . Population 28.7 million Area 2.24 million sq km ( 864,869 sq miles ) language religion Islam Life expectancy 73 years ( men ) , 76 years ( women ) Currency Riyal Head of state , minister : King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud The Al Saud dynasty holds a monopoly of power . Saudi Arabia was established in 1932 by King Abd-al-Aziz and he has been succeeded by sons . King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud ascended the throne in January 2015 following the death of his half-brother , King Abdullah . He has been part of the ruling clique of princes for decades and is thought to continue the thrusts of policy , including maintaining the alliance with the United States and working towards energy market stability . investors are players in the TV industry , but the country has one of the region 's media environments . The government acknowledges that internet filtering takes place . It targets \" \" , , rights and sites . Saudi Arabia has the YouTube use of any country in the world . It is home to than 40 % of all Twitter users in the region . Some events in Saudi Arabia 's history : 1932 - The areas controlled by King Abd-al-Aziz are unified under the name Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . 1938 - Oil is discovered and production begins under the Aramco ( Arabian American Oil Company ) . 1960 - Saudi Arabia is a founding member of Opec ( Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ) . 1973 - Saudi Arabia leads an oil boycott against the countries that supported Israel in the October War against Egypt and Syria . Oil prices quadruple . 2001 11 September - 15 of the 19 hijackers involved in attacks on New York and Washington are nationals . 2011 - As '' Arab Spring '' protests ripple across the region , troops participate in crackdown on unrest in Bahrain . 2015 March - Saudi Arabia launches campaign of air strikes against rebels in Yemen .", "The NSPCC 's Childline service said it counselled than 4,500 children in the year compared to 2,400 in 2011-12 . The number suffering abuse is thought to be . Some children as seven told Childline they were tormented , abused and scared to go to school . The charity said trolls caused misery and humiliation for thousands of children . Childline 's president Dame Esther Rantzen said the figures should be a wake-up call . \" Bullying can wreck people 's lives , that the bullies do stop at the school gates ,\" she said . \" Cyber-bullying can follow them until it becomes a persecution they cannot escape . \" It is that adults , parents and teachers , intervene to protect them , because we have learned over the years from Childline callers that bullying does stop on its , left it gets . \" Schools must take this problem , and above all children must ask for help . \" The report is being released at the start of Anti-Bullying Week which is coordinated by the Anti Bullying Alliance . The group is working with parents , schools and organisations to help combat the problem . One person who contacted Childline said : \" It might sound like of a problem but there 's a group of people I play with and they told me to kill myself . I wo kill myself but it upsets me . \" My parents do realise it 's making me and they tell me to stand up for myself or play but they do know that is . \" I do know they have started picking on me but it hurts . \" Advice given by people on dealing with bullying includes :", "The girl was forced into a vehicle in Bishop 's Stortford at 20:30 GMT on 16 February and dropped off near the town 's railway station the following morning . An E-fit image of the attacker has been released . Police said the attack had caused \" concern within the community \" . The girl was forced into a vehicle , thought to be a Land Rover , and taken to an location , believed to be outside the county of Hertfordshire , she was assaulted . Ch Insp Gerry McDonald of Hertfordshire Police said : \" I believe people hold the key to our investigation . \" This is an matter and one which , , has caused concern within the community . \" We have conducted a number of inquiries in the area but would ask anyone who was between the times mentioned and who has spoken to police to contact us if you have any information which may assist our investigation . \" I would like to reiterate that this is an incident and would reassure everyone that investigations into this incident are a priority . \"", "The cygnets and their mother had become a sight around Lisnarick , outside Irvinestown . Pat Masterson , who lives in Lisnarick , photographed the swans before they were killed on Tuesday evening . \" I saw their mother walking them along the road , all in line , I stopped to take a picture ,\" said Ms Masterson . \" They 've visited our farm every day over the weeks so I 've photographed them , but I thought that the way the wee cygnets were following their mother was I had to stop and watch . \" I ca believe that they were run over . \" vet Kevin Leonard , who happened to be passing moments after the birds were killed , said he was by what he saw . \" The five of them were lying in a row behind the mother , who was injured . \" Four of them were and the was mangled I had to put it down with an injection . \" The one had injuries , I gave it an cream and guided it into a field alongside its mother . \" It was quite an sight . I ca believe whoever killed them drove on . \" Paul Hoy , who had stopped he saw the swans , assisted the vet in moving them to safety . He said he was \" \" by what he saw . \" A girl who was said she saw the car running them down and driving . \" We 're all wondering this could have been an accident - it 's a 30mph speed limit and it was so the swans were . \" If you ca see six swans on the road , what are the chances you 'll see a child ? As birds , swans enjoy protection under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and it is an offence to injure , take or kill a swan . The act protects the eggs and nests of swans . It is an offence to take or possess the egg of a mute swan , or to damage or destroy the nest of a swan whilst in use or being built . The RSPB said anyone who witnesses an offence against swans or wildlife should contact their police Wildlife Liaison Officer through their police station .", "In May , Punch Taverns halted its plans for The Corn Exchange , in Crickhowell , after protests which led to villagers launching their bid to buy it . In a statement , Corn Exchange Action Group said they were Punch Taverns had agreed the deal . About 180 people will become joint-owners after it is signed . The plan is to set up a company , Corn Exchange Crickhowell Ltd , to try to secure planning permission to turn the building into shops with flats . The group said money has been pledged to cover the agreed price of \u00a3 300,000 plus VAT , but \" funds will be needed to refurbish the building \" . Dean Christy , chairman of Corn Exchange Community Investment Group , who has been leading the negotiations with Punch Taverns , said : \" This is news for everyone who wants to ensure the future of our High Street . \" Emma Bevan , chair of the action group , said : \" We were to stand up against the plans for a supermarket in our High Street - we can create something which will make our community . \" In a statement , Punch Taverns said : \" We recognise the strength of feeling in Crickhowell about the town centre and its traders and we at Punch are that we have been to reach an agreement , to contract , which satisfies all sides . \"", "Between 2012 and 2015 , cases of syphilis increased by 76 % , from 3,001 to 5,288 , while gonorrhoea infections rose by 53 % , from 26,880 to 41,193 , Public Health England data reveals . The rise was among men who have sex with men . At the time , rates of warts decreased , thanks to a vaccination campaign . Rates of transmitted infections as a group went , totalling 434,456 . But experts say this could be because people came for testing . Chlamydia was the diagnosed STI , accounting for half of the cases diagnosed in 2015 . people are offered chlamydia screening , but 13 % of men and 32 % of women were tested in 2015 . The fall in warts - a 7 % drop - was seen in women , and experts say this was because of the papilloma virus vaccination programme . All girls aged 12 to 13 are offered the jab as part of the NHS childhood vaccination programme . The FPA charity 's executive , Natika Halil , said boys should be offered the vaccine , which is something ministers are considering . Genevieve Edwards , of Marie Stopes UK , said the statistics should \" set alarm bells ringing \" about the availability of health services for people and men who have sex with men . \" We have to keep a focus on preventing health , and providing diagnosis and treatment to those who need it ,\" she added . The British Association for Sexual Health and HIV said the continued rise of gonorrhoea was , given the spread of infections . Dr Gwenda Hughes , head of STI surveillance at PHE , said : \" We need to do to raise awareness about STIs and they can be prevented , the effectiveness of using condoms . \" We recommend that anyone having sex with a or partner uses condoms and tests for HIV and STIs . \"", "Belgium 's Gianni Meersman sprinted to victory , while Darwin Atapuma retained his lead despite being one of the riders caught behind the collision . Colombian Atapuma lost than a minute , but organisers applied the 3km rule to determine finishing times . Froome and second-placed Alejandro Valverde were part of the bunch sprint having been of the crash . The accident split the pack in the stages and ended the race of rider Steven Kruijswijk , who sustained a suspected broken collarbone . It was a win in this year 's Vuelta for Meersman , who held off the challenge of Italy 's Fabio Felline and Kevin Reza of France . Team Sky 's Froome is aiming to become the man in 38 years to win the Vuelta and Tour de France in the season . 1. Gianni Meersman ( Bel / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 4hrs 16mins 41secs 2. Laurent Didier ( Lux / Trek ) time 3. Kevin Reza ( Fra / FDJ ) 4. Luis Leon Sanchez ( Spa / Astana ) 5. Zico Waeytens ( Bel / Giant ) 6. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) 7. Romain Hardy ( Fra / Cofidis ) 8. Jempy Druecker ( Lux / BMC Racing ) 9. Kenneth Vanbilsen ( Bel / Cofidis ) 10. Jose Goncalves ( Por / Caja Rural ) 1. Darwin Atapuma ( Col / BMC ) 17hrs 39mins 52secs 2. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) + 28secs 3 Chris Froome ( GB / Team Sky ) + 32secs 4. Nairo Quintana ( Col / Movistar ) + 38secs 5. Esteban Chaves ( Col / Orica ) time 6. Gonzalez Sanchez ( Spa / BMC ) + 1min 7secs 7. Andujar Fernandez ( Spa / Movistar ) + 1min 10secs 8. Leopold Konig ( Cze / Team Sky ) + 1min 12secs 9. Peter Kennaugh ( GB / Team Sky ) + 1min 14secs 10. Gianluca Brambilla ( Ita / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 1min 22secs", "Nats Prestwick expects to handle than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season this year - an increase of 15,000 on year . The company has announced a \u00c2 \u00a3 600m investment in a computer system . But it says government support is needed to improve the network of \" ageing \" flightpaths . Paul Peers , head of development at Nats Prestwick , said : \" We are predicted to have the amount of traffic we have had for a summer period this year . \" We are expecting to have around 15,000 flights in July and August compared to year . \" We are for that and our controllers have been doing a job up to this point making that we minimise the delays that people see and making that we keep people in the skies . \" We have been preparing for this since November , so the summer does come as a surprise to us , and we have a series of events to make our controllers are for the summer traffic . \" , this year , the build-up in traffic has helped us with that because we 've had record days that our controllers have dealt with . \" But one of the challenges for us is the design of the airspace in the future and the traffic growth . \" He added : \" We are investing over \u00c2 \u00a3 600m over the years in the technology systems . \" In fact , at the Prestwick centre we are to say that we have the version of iTec , our flight data processing system , in operation and that is the in the UK . \" The skies are getting every year and we are expecting to see increased traffic growth . \" But if you think about the airspace as motorways in the sky , if you think about 1970s motorways with today 's car traffic , we are in a scenario . \" We are going to have to redesign our airspace and we are going to need government support to make we can do that in the way . \"", "It follows 55,000 job cuts announced this year . The losses will come in Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) , which is splitting from the printer and PC business . The company says the cuts will save $ 2.7bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.76bn ) in costs , although the plan will cost $ 2.7bn to carry out . At a meeting for Wall Street analysts , chairman and executive Meg Whitman said : \" We 've done a amount of work over the years to take costs out and simplify processes and these actions will eliminate the need for any restructuring . \" The structure proposed by Ms Whitman sees HP Enterprise focusing on businesses and government agencies , and the PC and printing divisions on the consumer market . The company has than 300,000 employees . \" The number is than some people might have expected , but I think it 's a reflection of trouble HP has been having with its services ,\" said Charles King , analyst at the Silicon Valley IT consulting firm Pund-IT . \" I 'm if HP is finished with the layoffs . \" The company will say the cuts will fall , but part of the plan involves changing the nature of the workforce . The proportion of workers in what HPE calls \" locations \" is expected to rise from around 42 % to 60 % by 2018 . The tech company has struggled over the decade to keep up with changing demands as customers move from desktop computers . , Hewlett-Packard is one of the world 's technology companies , with revenues this year expected to top $ 50bn . The company started life in a Palo Alto garage in California in 1939 and grew to be the guiding light of what became known as Silicon Valley . Its fortunes started to decline with a series of and criticised acquisitions including Compaq for $ 25bn in 2002 , consultants EDS for $ 14bn in 2008 and Autonomy for $ 11bn in 2011 . In 2012 it lost its position as the world 's leading supplier of PCs to Lenovo . The share price peaked at the height of the dot.com boom in 2000 , and , despite two surges in 2007 and 2010 , it has lost some 60 % of its value since .", "Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( YAS ) figures show medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at A & E departments in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15 . YAS said waiting time \" was one of the issues \" it faced . A shortage of hospital beds has been given as one of the problems causing delays at A & E . Dr David Macklin , Executive Director of Operations at YAS , said handover waiting times were \" a system problem \" for the NHS , in Yorkshire , and said blame could be attached to hospitals . \" We have occasions we have vehicles queued at hospitals ,\" he said . \" Emergency departments across Yorkshire are working to manage their demand and that means ambulances are queuing . \" Patients who are injured may need to wait . \" Professor Keith Willett from NHS England said the increase in waiting times was \" \" and added there were \" a multitude of reasons \" for the rise . \" One of the problems is the pressure on the beds in the hospital ,\" he said . \" That 's because the hospitals are finding it to move patients and their care into the community . \" The figures were supplied after a Freedom of Information request by the BBC . five hospitals - one each in East , South and West Yorkshire and two in North Yorkshire - accounted for 70 % of the waiting time . The handover time is counted after 15 minutes have elapsed at A & E . The number of hours spent by the YAS to handover patients was about 12,000 In 2013-14 and 16,000 in 2014-15 . Hull Royal Infirmary ( East Yorkshire ) 6,436 Northern General ( Sheffield , South Yorkshire ) 4,329 Pinderfields ( Wakefield , West Yorkshire ) 3,954 Scarborough District General 3,831 York District Hospital 3,384", "Kerry Reeves died two days after being shot in Abingdon on 3 November . Billy Johnson , 20 , from Ripon Court , Corby , Northamptonshire , and Charles Noble , 20 , from Kempton Avenue , Northolt , Ealing , have been charged with her murder . They appeared at Oxford Magistrates' Court and will appear at Oxford Crown Court on Monday . Ms Reeves , 26 , was found in Thornhill Walk . She was taken to the John Radcliffe Hospital in a condition she died . A post-mortem examination was carried out on Monday , the cause of death was given as a gunshot wound to the head .", "He died at his home in Cambridge following an illness lasting months , a statement on his website said . It added his funeral will be , with a service to be held at a date . Hogwood worked with leading orchestras around the world and was considered one of the exponents of the movement . The conductor founded the Academy of Ancient Music ( AAM ) in 1973 and directed the academy across six continents for some 30 years . The AAM made than 200 CDs , including the cycle of Mozart symphonies on period instruments . Among his recordings include the 1980 version of Handel 's Messiah with Emma Kirkby and Carolyn Watkinson , which was named by BBC Music Magazine as one of the 20 recordings of all time . Hogwood studied keyboard at Cambridge University with Rafael Puyana and Mary Potts and with Zuzana Ruzickova and Gustav Leonhardt . His positions were as a keyboard player and musicologist with the Academy of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields under Sir Neville Marriner , and was a founder member of the Early Music Consort of London . He was the director of the King 's Lynn Festival and Boston 's Handel and Haydn Society . He was a tutor at Harvard University , professor of music at the University of Cambridge and a professor-at-large at Cornell University in the US . \" Christopher had generosity of spirit ,\" Christopher Purvis , president of the AAM , said . \" He was a ambassador for informed music , the movement of which he was a founder . And he was to see the orchestra he founded develop and grow after he stepped down as director . \" The AAM 's music director Richard Egarr added : \" I am saddened by the news of Christopher 's passing . Christopher provided a legacy for me to build upon I joined in 2006 and I know he will be missed by all who knew and worked with him . \" Speaking to Sean Rafferty on Radio 3 's In Tune , soprano Dame Emma Kirkby said : \" Some of the players that lead orchestras over the world , they started with him . \" Chris was a academic , an man . He had an capacity to absorb information of all kinds and a sense of things would be if he tried to reproduce conditions ... a person . \" David Thomas from Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance , London added : \" He said I want the music to speak for itself because it can , it 's , it will\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 a and man . \"", "Dana was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four lions , two bears and two tigers in a operation organised by the animal welfare charity Four Paws . Staff found the cub , who they named Hajar , in her cage on Saturday . They are waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a cub . Dr Amir Khalil , a vet who accompanied the animals , told the Associated Press on Sunday that an ultrasound performed in Turkey had shown she was carrying two . , he warned that the cub might have been born and been eaten by Dana . Its fate will be known until another ultrasound is carried out on Monday . Four Paws said its team had been about whether Dana would accept or kill Hajar because of the stress she had endured . \" But that was the case . She cleaned the cub and nursed it ,\" the charity added . \" This is a sign that she feels at Al-Mawa . \" Hajar 's gender is because staff have been to examine the cub .", "The Chancellor will meet finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to set out details of the UK 's bid to renegotiate its EU membership . Securing backing is for the success of plans for reform . David Cameron has courted support from Chancellor Angela Merkel . Mr Osborne said : \" The UK and economies are the beating heart of Europe , the engine for growth and jobs . \" we make the world 's economy , behind America and China , and since the crisis ended , we have generated two-thirds of EU growth . \" But the future holds challenges for our economies . We must cut debt and boost productivity . To do this , we need a EU , for today 's challenges and working for the benefit of all 28 member states . \" The UK 's reform and renegotiation plans aim to achieve this , which is these talks with partners in Europe are . \" Mr Osborne will visit a Siemens factory in the capital and address an audience of business leaders at the conference of the BDI , the Federation of German Industries . In May Germany 's Chambers of Commerce and Industry warned that a UK exit from the EU would be \" \" for the two countries . Volker Treier , deputy executive of the organisation , told the BBC that business was \" \" that the UK was planning a referendum on its EU membership . David Cameron 's renegotiation plans will be debated for the time by the EU 's 28 leaders at a summit in Brussels in mid-December .", "Mining firm OM Manganese was found on Friday - the time a company has been prosecuted in Australia for desecration of a site . The site is known as Two Women Sitting Down and is at Bootu Creek , north of Tennant Creek . OM Manganese was fined A $ 150,000 ($ 134,000 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 88,000 ) . Peter Toth , CEO of OM Holdings , which owns OM Manganese , said : \" The company intended to harm , damage or disrespect the site . \" \" We regret the damage and the hurt caused and I apologise to the site 's custodians and owners ,\" he said . Two Women Sitting Down is associated with Australia 's Kunapa people . OM Manganese was accused of causing the collapse of part of the site , including a outcrop known as the Horse 's Head , in July 2011 . Prosecutors told the Darwin Magistrates Court that the company performed explosive blasting to the site to break up ground , broadcaster ABC reported . The company was permitted to mine in the area , but was advised to steer of sites , and was warned in 2011 that cracks were appearing in rocks at the Bootu Creek site , the broadcaster said . Dr Ben Scambary , officer of the Aboriginal Areas Protection Authority , said that the site was of significance to Australia 's people . \" This site ... relates to a dreaming story about a rat and a bandicoot who had a fight over bush tucker [ bush food ],\" he said . \" As the creation ancestors fought , their blood spilled out , turning the rock a colour that is associated with manganese . \" Kunapa community representative Gina Smith said : \" It will remain a site to us , but it has been ruined and we do know what to do because this has happened to the people . \" It has been for thousands of years as part of our culture and our story . \" Australians believe the land is the mother of creation , and is a living , breathing mass of secrets and wisdom , the BBC 's Phil Mercer in Sydney reports .", "K Prithika Yashini , who was born but underwent gender reassignment surgery , applied to become a police sub-inspector in the state . But the state police board did recognise a gender , leading her to pursue a case against it . A court in Chennai ( Madras ) has ruled in her favour . \" I 'm ,\" Prithika was quoted as saying by India 's NDTV network . \" It 's a beginning for the transgender community . \" A ruling by two judges in Chennai 's court said : \" The impact of recruitment cannot be lost sight of , as it would give strength to the case of transgenders . \" Yashini must reach the finish line , and be stopped and disqualified in the middle . \" India 's court recognised people as a gender April , five years after the commission added the category to ballot forms . The ruling meant the government had to provide people with quotas in jobs and education in line with minorities , as amenities . There are an estimated two million people in India . While the Times of India reports that Tamil Nadu police have three constables on their books , reports in media said Prithika will become the officer in the country . Prithika was born Pradeep Kumar and left her home before completing a computer studies course and undergoing surgery . She had wanted to be a police officer since being a child , media said . The court ruled that the result of a police test , which Prithika failed after being a in a dash , was ."], "summary": ["A man has appeared in court after firearms, ammunition and cash were seized by police in Edinburgh.", "Four people accused of kidnapping and torturing a mentally disabled man in a \"racially motivated\" attack streamed on Facebook have been denied bail.", "West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.", "The reaction from BT's investors told us much about media regulator Ofcom's ruling on the fate of Openreach, the BT subsidiary that provides much of the UK's broadband infrastructure.", "Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.", "Queen's University Belfast is cutting 236 jobs and 290 student places due to a funding reduction.", "Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.", "Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson says none of the money from Eunan O'Kane's move to Leeds from Bournemouth will go to the playing squad.", "North Wales Police has been criticised at an inquest for sending an officer to speak to a hospital patient with paranoid schizophrenia.", "Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher has joined Sheffield Wednesday on an initial month-long loan.", "John \"Brad\" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.", "Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.", "Former England striker Andy Cole says he faces a \"long road ahead\" as he recovers from his recent kidney transplant.", "Pakistan has unblocked the video sharing site, YouTube, more than three years after it was banned for posting a video deemed insulting to Islam.", "Leicester Tigers winger Miles Benjamin is likely to be out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury, reports BBC Radio Leicester.", "Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed 218 people, government officials have confirmed.", "All images copyrighted.", "Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined HK$6m (\u00a3460,000) by Hong Kong regulators after it failed to detect a series of unauthorised transactions by one of its traders.", "South African police say four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of former actor on popular local TV series Generations.", "A shot was reportedly fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool as parents were taking their children inside, police have said.", "Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.", "A total of 228 candidates will contest the Northern Ireland Assembly election next month - 48 fewer than last time.", "With the value of the pound falling dramatically since Brexit, a \"flash crash\" last week when the currency lost 6% of its value against the dollar, and news on Tuesday that the pound had fallen again, when would be a good time to change those pounds to dollars?", "A philosophy student who wears vintage clothing has won a national contest for alternative models.", "Plans to move a statue depicting a Royal Marine in the Falklands conflict away from Portsmouth seafront have been criticised.", "A suspected terrorist has been charged with breaching conditions imposed as part of the government's new terror monitoring powers.", "Sussex have appointed former player James Anyon as head coach of their women's side.", "League One side Bury have signed former Barnsley defender Reece Brown on a six-month contract.", "South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($242; \u00c2\u00a3199) a month.", "Azhar Ali's unbeaten 66 helped Pakistan to reach 142-4 against Australia on a rain-affected first day of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.", "Two new councillors have been elected in a by-election in the City of Edinburgh.", "Wales Under-20 Grand Slam winners Shaun Evans and Dafydd Hughes have signed their first professional contracts with Scarlets.", "Fire crews are expected to leave the site of the Shoreham Airshow disaster later after spending nearly three weeks at the scene of the crash.", "White House officials will not say whether pop star Prince performed at a weekend party at the executive residence despite guests posting about it on social media.", "These roads in Northern Ireland are closed due to poor weather conditions as of Friday 15 January.", "US investigators have closed an inquiry into whether To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee was pressured into publishing a sequel.", "The US has said it is suspending talks with Russia over Syria, accusing Moscow of having \"failed to live up\" to its commitments under a ceasefire deal.", "A church in West Yorkshire has recruited a new vicar following a video job advertisement sung by a choir of children.", "Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne says he will be out for about 10 weeks after injuring his right knee during Wednesday's League Cup semi-final victory over Everton.", "A 34-year-old woman who was injured in an attack by a knifeman on a Swiss train has died in hospital, police say.", "A \"reckless drone operator\" is being sought by police after reports of a \"near miss\" between a drone and plane.", "A seal found tangled in nets on an Aberdeenshire beach has been returned to the sea.", "A lifetime of diaries, letters and photographs of a man described as a cross between Indiana Jones, James Bond and Graham Greene has opened to the public.", "Regional official Tim Roache has been elected to become the new general secretary of the GMB union.", "League Two Exeter City made a profit of over \u00a31.6m last year, according to the club's latest accounts.", "Para-athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after a metal throwing cage fell on him during training.", "Manufacturers have reported positive business trends, in the latest survey from the Scottish Chambers of Commerce.", "A computer model of one of the world's tallest three-sided obelisks is being made to find out why it is falling apart.", "Profit jumped at Zara owner Inditex in the first half of the year as the firm opened new stores and invested in online.", "A victim of the Rochdale grooming gang says the convictions were still \"not fazing\" Asian child sex abusers.", "John Lewis's Nottingham store is to remain closed longer than expected after 80,000 litres of hot water leaked from a ruptured heating pipe.", "New Sale Sharks chairman Fran Cotton has conceded they must work to restore their relationship with some fans.", "Disney's latest animation Moana dominated the Thanksgiving box office over the five-day US holiday weekend.", "British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford with a straight-set win over Julia Boserup.", "Two men have been assaulted in Larne, County Antrim, by a gang armed with baseball bats and a hatchet.", "Stuart Bingham may pull out of the Masters if his wife goes into labour with their third child.", "Part of Colwyn Bay pier is to be dismantled after it collapsed into the sea, Conwy council has decided.", "A campaign group has been granted a hearing to examine the case for a judicial review of the decision to build student flats near a beauty spot.", "More human remains have been found near a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.", "Uzbekistan's Hasanboy Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight with victory over Colombian Yuberjen Herney Martinez.", "University lecturers are due to start a two-day strike over pay, amid warnings other staff could join the dispute.", "Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with Yokohama FC at the age of 48.", "Clashes have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.", "Sale Sharks forward Mark Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season to take up a teaching role.", "The quality of care on a scandal-hit ward for dementia patients may have contributed to at least seven deaths, BBC Wales can reveal.", "A 25-year-old man from Limavady has been jailed for knocking out two men in separate attacks on the same night.", "The United States women's team goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for 30 days by US Soccer following an incident during a training camp.", "A barrister who was due to move into his own chambers in Huddersfield has pleaded guilty to supplying cocaine.", "Scottish engineering services company ID Systems Ltd has announced plans to create 120 new jobs after securing a six-figure investment from UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE).", "Actor and broadcaster Sir Tony Robinson has said plans for a tunnel near Stonehenge in Wiltshire are too \"old-fashioned\" in outlook.", "Scunthorpe midfielder Neal Bishop has signed a one-year contract extension.", "A man from Croydon has been charged with murder after the death of his partner last month.", "A Frenchwoman injured in the attack on Tunisia's national museum has died of her wounds, bringing the total killed in the assault by Islamists to 22.", "Satellite images of Mosul have revealed how fighters from so-called Islamic State (IS) have destroyed much of the city's airport to render it unusable as Iraqi forces close in.", "Network Rail has promised to do \"everything in its power\" to stop a repeat of the rail chaos at Christmas when it carries out work over Easter.", "Permission has been given for exploratory drilling for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.", "Amazon, the global online retailer, is changing the way it records sales in a move that could see it paying more tax.", "Junior doctors should suspend Tuesday's strike action over pay and conditions while talks continue, the chief medical officer for England has urged.", "Oxford United have extended the loan of right-back Jonjoe Kenny from Premier League side Everton until the end of the season.", "A further education college in Dorset has received more than \u00a32.88m in government funding to renovate buildings on campus.", "The family of the former footballer Jeff Astle is to meet the FA chairman next month to discuss head injuries in the game, as part of their campaign.", "Brothers Ben and Tom Curry have signed five-year contracts with Sale Sharks.", "Police in Fife are searching for a man who was seen exposing himself in Dunfermline.", "A UN conference aimed at preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons has ended in failure after a row over a nuclear-free Middle East proposal.", "Fracking for shale gas in Wales should still be opposed despite plans to fast-track such schemes in England, the Welsh government has said.", "A collection of paintings capturing the landscapes and legacy of life on the North East coast is going on display.", "Hibernian's Neil Lennon believes Scott Brown retired too soon from Scotland duty and still has plenty to offer now he has decided to return.", "A buzzard has been rescued after becoming trapped between fencing and a wall in Gwynedd.", "Post Office workers will stage five days of strikes from Monday in a continuing dispute over jobs, pensions and branch closures, their union says.", "Steroids and medicines with an estimated street value of some 2m euros (\u00c2\u00a31.7m) have been seized in Donegal.", "Sinn F\u00c3\u00a9in leader Gerry Adams has said there is \"a need to be open and imaginative\" on new constitutional arrangements.", "Morecambe must not get carried away despite sitting top of League Two, says Shrimps boss Jim Bentley.", "A court in the Indian capital has formally charged a driver of the Uber web-based taxi firm with the rape and kidnapping of a passenger last month.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells and Great Britain team-mate Sam Scrimgeour remain on course to defend their lightweight pairs world title after winning their semi-final in Rotterdam on Thursday.", "Former Kilmarnock winger Chris Johnston has become the third player to sign for Dumbarton this summer after leaving relegated Raith Rovers.", "The three-day TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow is to start later with a Friday line-up of acts including Radiohead and Belle and Sebastian.", "The US has warned North Korea to refrain from \"irresponsible provocation\" after the communist state said its main nuclear facility had resumed normal operations.", "A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after pieces of human bones were found by detectives investigating the death of a man 25 years ago.", "Ireland eased to seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe to top their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying group and set up a semi-final against Scotland.", "The daughter of a man who died after a hospital failed it its \"duty of care\" said lessons have not been learned.", "Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is third after day one of the men's omnium as he aims for his first Olympic Games medal.", "The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra \u00a372m to help deal with pressures in the service.", "The Winklevoss brothers have re-started their long-running legal dispute with Facebook and its boss Mark Zuckerberg.", "A 14-year-old boy has been left with \"life-threatening\" injuries after being knocked down by a car.", "Birmingham City have signed Dundee forward Greg Stewart on a three-year deal for a fee believed to be around \u00a3500,000.", "A former soldier who agreed to obtain information from an army barracks for a newspaper will not face a trial, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.", "Inspectors have called for major improvements at two privately-run elderly care homes after finding problems during recent visits.", "Four men were arrested in north London when police found a gun, a sword and a knife in the car they were travelling in.", "An estimated 63,000 properties in north Lancashire were hit by a power cut, Electricity North West has said.", "Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.", "Shopkeepers near the Isle of Wight's troubled new \"floating bridge\" have asked councillors to consider compensating them for loss of business.", "French side Lille have exercised their option to sign Naim Sliti on a permanent deal when his loan move from second-tier side Red Star expires this summer.", "Children across Britain linked up with Tim Peake on the International Space Station yesterday for a big question and answer session.", "World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named the 2013 BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.", "A civilian cargo aircraft has landed safely after being escorted into Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after suffering technical problems with its communications equipment.", "Police have been given more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "BBC Sport is showing live coverage of the EuroBasket warm-up game between Great Britain and Greece at the Copper Box in London on Saturday 19 August.", "More than 13,000 email addresses have been stolen from Edinburgh city council's database following a \"malicious cyber attack\".", "The photo sharing service Instagram announced it will start placing ads in US users photo streams in a posting on its website.", "Actor Michael C Hall is to perform a tribute to David Bowie at this week's Mercury Music Prize ceremony.", "A former Metropolitan Police officer has been found not guilty of sexually assaulting a teenage boy in the back of a police van nearly 30 years ago.", "Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has rejected calls for a \"softer\" Brexit after the general election result led to a hung parliament.", "Relatives of the 96 people who died at Hillsborough have told the home secretary they want a \"Hillsborough Law\" to compel public officials to tell the truth at inquiries.", "An elderly woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck.", "Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United to move their home games because of flooding.", "Two Manchester United fans spent Friday night undetected in an Old Trafford toilet in an attempt to see Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.", "An electrician whose \u00a3200 worth of tools were mistakenly sold for \u00a31 in a charity shop has had them returned.", "Laura Muir says she'll be \"gutted\" to miss April's Commonwealth Games.", "Southend United will give striker Nile Ranger a chance to relaunch his career when he is released from prison.", "Lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the South Coast this summer after seven men drowned last year.", "Partick Thistle captain Abdul Osman says the players are praying manager Alan Archibald stays at the club for another season.", "Ten youths have been arrested by Canadian police on suspicion of planning to travel to Iraq and Syria to join Islamic State.", "League Two side York City have signed Hull City midfielder Matt Dixon on an 18-month deal.", "Belfast Giants remain within four points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after earning a 5-1 Boxing Day away win over Braehead Clan.", "BBC Rewind looks at the history of the Flying Scotsman as it prepares to return to the railways.", "A man who claimed he was abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has lost a legal action for compensation.", "Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has had the biggest UK box office opening weekend of the year so far.", "Britain's Victoria Williamson says she is lucky not to be paralysed after her serious crash at Rotterdam's Zesdaagse.", "The head of the national body for police commissioners resigned in order to appear on the BBC's Question Time following the Manchester attack.", "The developers of the proposed Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing a \"grossly misleading\" analysis of the project's likely impact on fish.", "Premiership side Sale Sharks will sign Scotland and Glasgow back row forward Josh Strauss on a three-year deal from next season.", "A China Eastern Airlines plane has had to turn back to Sydney airport after a technical failure which left a hole in an engine casing.", "The government is to reconsider a visa for an American mother facing deportation from the UK.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.", "Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has appointed Bruno Tshibala as the new prime minister of the power-sharing government.", "Journalists at Fairfax Media, one of Australia's largest publishers, have gone on strike for a week to protest against massive job cuts.", "Teenager Tom Marquand has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of three-times champion jockey Ryan Moore by his trainer Richard Hannon.", "The Colombian government and Farc rebels have agreed to resume peace talks, which were suspended last month over the abduction of an army general, mediators say.", "The Football Association has charged Blackburn midfielder Hope Akpan with violent conduct after he was sent off for pushing a referee.", "Former British number one Laura Robson will play at next month's grass-court Wimbledon warm-up event in Nottingham.", "The Democratic Republic of the Congo has been urged to investigate at least 421 bodies found in an unmarked burial ground in the capital, Kinshasa.", "Everton have agreed a deal with Premier League rivals Southampton that paves the way for Ronald Koeman to become their new manager.", "Over the last three decades, governments of various stripes have promised radical change to solve England's housing crisis and today's White Paper is no exception.", "A body found near Strathclyde Park in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.", "Neymar is the most valuable player in Europe - worth about \u00a3216m - according to a new study which values 10 players at more than 100m euros.", "A row between a Police and Crime Commissioner and his deputy, who was found guilty of serious misconduct, has been resolved following a payout.", "Northern Ireland goalscorer Gareth McAuley says Thursday's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine - their first at a European Championship - was \"massive\".", "A student whose mother and teenage brother were stabbed to death is focusing on caring for her father who was also injured in the attack.", "South Korea's education minister has apologised after two faulty questions in the national college entrance exam left thousands of students confused.", "National League North side Gloucester City are in talks with rugby league team Gloucestershire All Golds about a potential groundshare.", "A Labour MP who accused Jeremy Corbyn of threatening to use his father - former Sinn F\u00e9in mayor Pat McGinn - to \"bully me into submission\" has spoken publicly about the row.", "Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been confirmed among 126 riders for the 2016 Tour of Britain, which begins in Glasgow on Sunday.", "A former financial controller has admitted stealing more than \u00a3440,000 from a hospital charity.", "Police in India's Maharashtra state have arrested five members of an upper caste for beating, stripping and parading naked a low-caste Dalit woman.", "Toshiba shares rallied more than 10% on Thursday on reports the firm was about to secure substantial new loans for its restructuring efforts.", "England's batsmen must \"pull their fingers out\" if they are to win the third Test against Pakistan and draw the series 1-1, says James Anderson.", "British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he will not repeat Graham Henry's 2001 mistake by splitting the squad early in the tour.", "Rangers have made right-back Lee Hodson their eighth summer signing on a three-year deal from MK Dons.", "Criminals and terrorists are using the so-called dark net to buy weapons, a new study has suggested.", "Chris Rock has announced that he's separating from his wife.", "A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted an American visa so he can have surgery to remove excess skin.", "A new type of drug could benefit men with aggressive prostate cancer that is no longer responding to treatment, researchers from the Institute of Cancer Research have said.", "European leagues are free to schedule domestic games on the same nights as Champions League and Europa League ties after an agreement with Uefa ended.", "Police are investigating the rape of a woman in Queens Park in Glasgow's Southside.", "Swansea's caretaker manager Alan Curtis says there would be no guarantee the club would return to the Premier League if they were relegated this season.", "The overall student loan debt for Welsh students has reached \u00a33.7bn, new figures show.", "Police in Italy have arrested a jobless man who posed as an airline pilot, tricking his way into riding in the cockpit of at least one jet.", "David Cameron has said too many children from immigrant families are not able to speak English when they start at school.", "Low pay and scarce hours are pushing working families and young people into poverty in Wales, a new report claims.", "Schools have been reopening in Guinea after a five-month closure because of the deadly Ebola outbreak.", "The sister of a teenager who was murdered, cut up and buried by her boyfriend says she is afraid after discovering he has been out of prison.", "Craft brewer BrewDog has raised $1m (\u00a3770,000) from US investors within the first three days of a new funding round, according to the company.", "An industrial dispute at Tata Steel has ended after workers voted to accept changes to their pension scheme.", "Keurig Green Mountain, which makes K-cups single-serve coffee pods, said it has accepted a $13.9bn (\u00a39.2bn) bid.", "A university has withdrawn a poster which appeared to ridicule Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence after her nude pictures were leaked on the internet.", "A man has been stabbed to death in a street in north London.", "Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to perform consistently at a \"high intensity\" if they are to earn more international recognition.", "Hundreds of rooms at a \u00a345m student halls development at Aberystwyth University will not be ready for the new term.", "Characters based on a Nickelodeon cartoon were dropped from a Northern Ireland council's Christmas celebrations - after it emerged they were unauthorised.", "Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton coach Colin Calderwood as their assistant manager to Steve Bruce.", "Great Britain will miss the men's Olympic 4x100m relay final after being disqualified in their semi-final.", "Police are appealing for witnesses following a head-on crash between a car and a bus in West Lothian.", "Police have named a 52-year-old man who died after the forklift truck he was driving toppled over.", "Great Britain's double gold medallist Nicola Adams believes new trainer Virgil Hunter will play a key part in success as a professional.", "Lala Njava's music is grounded in Madagascan tradition but is enriched with jazz, trance and afrobeat.", "Smoking could play a direct role in the development of schizophrenia and needs to be investigated, researchers say.", "A family of five, including three young children, had to be rescued from a Somerset beach after their car got stuck in the mud on Saturday evening.", "Dundee United have signed their second goalkeeper in a week by bringing in Harry Lewis on loan from Southampton.", "Auditors have questioned the way a health board handled funding awarded to a celebrity-led charity event.", "An 85-year-old woman has died after being struck by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.", "A tractor being driven by a 15-year-old boy \"as a taxi for his drunk mates\" has been stopped by police in North Yorkshire.", "A man accused of claiming almost \u00c2\u00a310,000 after allegedly pretending his family died in the Grenfell Tower fire has denied two counts of fraud.", "A farmer told to demolish a mock Tudor castle that was built without planning permission has vowed to rebuild \"the work of art\" elsewhere.", "Full services on Nottingham's new tram lines have started, eight months behind schedule.", "Thieves broke into vans and stole tools being used by a team working on a life-changing project for TV show DIY SOS.", "Oil and gas exploration firm Tullow Oil has reported a pre-tax loss of \u00a31.3bn for the year to 31 December as low oil prices bit into revenues.", "A man who tried to get home on a 2.5 tonne road roller after a night out drinking in Dumfries has received a 15-month driving ban.", "A whisky distillery plans to invest \u00a3580,000 in community projects to mark its 200 years on the island of Islay.", "A plane bound for Chicago has been forced to make an emergency landing for the second time in two days.", "The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes said she is going to sue police over mishandling her murder case.", "Brazilian police say they want to speak to International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about an alleged scheme to resell tickets during last month's Rio Olympics.", "Three rare pygmy marmosets have been rescued and are set to be reunited, after being stolen from a Sydney zoo at the weekend.", "Forget James Bond, when it comes to recruiting spies needed to protect Britain there aren't enough Jane Bonds.", "The world leader of millions of Muslims has condemned the Westminster terror attack calling it an \"affront to the teachings of Islam\".", "Singer Charlotte Church has lost her unborn baby, she has announced.", "A man who admitted causing a fatal crash while being pursued by an unmarked police car has been jailed for nine years.", "A pensioner who underwent gender re-assignment surgery at the age of 69 says she lived \"in the wrong body\" for most of her life because she feared the reaction of her friends and family.", "Astronomers have discovered a baby planet which looks like a young version of Jupiter.", "Campaigners have opened a camp with thousands of protesters due in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.", "The High Court has banned publication of photographs allegedly stolen from Pippa Middleton's iCloud account.", "Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales back-rower Rob McCusker on a short-term contract as injury cover.", "Heavily armed men have attacked a convoy of cars belonging to a Saudi prince, stealing 250,000 euros (\u00a3200,000; $330,000), police say.", "\"Dedicated\" and \"hungry for success\" are phrases used a lot in connection with athletes heading to compete in an Olympic Games.", "Mobile and landline telephone services have been restored in Shetland after coverage was lost for several hours causing disruption.", "A girls' school has scrapped its end of year prom claiming it is too much of a \"distraction\" to pupils.", "Leyton Orient have appointed former chief executive Matt Porter to their board of directors following Nigel Travis' takeover on 22 June.", "US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted there is a reason she was seen nodding off at the president's State of the Union address.", "A man is being held in Manchester on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "Detectives investigating the alleged attempted kidnap of a baby are appealing for a taxi driver to contact them.", "One of Scotland's most wanted fugitives is still believed to be hiding in the Netherlands almost 10 years after he raped a woman in Glasgow.", "A paedophile who raped a 12-year-old boy after grooming him online has been jailed for 13 years.", "Italy's first female astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, is spending almost six months on the International Space Station.", "A council is to seek a civil injunction and damages against one of its own councillors and other members of the public.", "Guinea-Bissau's players have ended their strike after being paid outstanding wages, four days before the start of the Africa Cup of Nations.", "David Cameron has voiced his \"strong support\" for the expansion of grammar schools during a visit to the South East.", "A disturbance at a prison saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put \"out of commission\", a union has said.", "Batsman Joe Root has credited sacked coach Peter Moores with the form that resulted in him being named England's player of the year.", "Manager Grant McCann has apologised to the fans for Peterborough United's 4-1 home defeat by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Southend United.", "An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.", "A railway line which was closed due to a landslip is to reopen next week, Network Rail has announced.", "A surfer who lost his leg in a shark attack in Western Australia last week has died, police say.", "A jet skier has been airlifted to hospital after a crash involving a speedboat during an event off Anglesey.", "A mother-of-four battered a toddler to death months after she was made the child's legal guardian, a court has heard.", "Mixu Paatelainen praised his Dundee United players' resolve as they beat St Johnstone 1-0, despite being reduced to 10 men for the last 30 minutes.", "A man has been found guilty of murdering his \"on-off partner\" by bludgeoning her to death.", "Three nightclub doormen have told how they helped rescue a man trapped in an upturned car in a water-filled ditch.", "The Italian parliament has approved a long-debated and extensive electoral reform that aims to give the country more political stability.", "(Close) The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a fresh high for a second consecutive day after a rally in financial shares boosted the index.", "Paralympic champions Jonnie Peacock, Hannah Cockroft, Richard Whitehead and Kadeena Cox are in the Great Britain squad for next month's World Para-Athletics Championships in London.", "The president of Afghanistan has told an emotional husband that a group of men accused of gang raping his wife would be brought to justice.", "A man who sparked a drug-fuelled roof-top siege after breaking up with his partner has been given a suspended prison sentence.", "Warwickshire took command of the battle of Division One's bottom two after Jonathan Trott had reached the 42nd first-class century of his career.", "Jack Grealish scored twice on his full debut as England Under-21s continued their perfect start to the Toulon Tournament by thrashing Guinea.", "Richard Carpenter has said he is owed at least $2m (\u00c2\u00a31.6m) in royalties for the hits he recorded in The Carpenters, including Yesterday Once More.", "An artist's impression of how an expanded primary school in Addlestone will look has been unveiled.", "New Portsmouth recruit Amine Linganzi is determined to secure a long-term contract with the club.", "Ulster pair Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to make a return from injury for the end of season run-in.", "More than 400 people have attended a meeting to oppose plans for a supermarket.", "Queen of the South fought back from two goals down to draw with promotion-chasing Falkirk in the Championship.", "A school has been accused of breaching anti-discrimination laws after claims a four-year-old Muslim pupil was told she could not wear a headscarf.", "A man who fraudulently claimed nearly \u00a340,000 in benefits over the course of almost 11 years has been jailed for 18 months.", "The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the three months to June, driven in part by a booming film industry, said the Office for National Statistics (ONS).", "Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said Manchester United's important players were \"in our pockets\" in a match that went \"exactly\" as they wanted.", "A review team looking at the quality of life of older people is to swoop unannounced on 100 care homes.", "Owen Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language television broadcaster S4C.", "Liverpool centre-back Mamadou Sakho was suspended last season for taking a substance that was not on the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) banned list, according to a Uefa report.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.", "Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has issued a stern public rebuke to the military deputy chief of staff.", "MPs have called on the UK government not to cut its funding of Welsh language channel S4C.", "The main tunnel serving Scotland's third busiest rail station is to close for 20 weeks, causing major disruption.", "Nottingham Forest owner and chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi says he is close to agreeing a deal to sell the club.", "Key countries in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have pledged to pursue \"growth-friendly\" policies to kickstart the slowing world economy.", "Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, is not among the 10 Republicans running for president who will take part in the first primetime TV debate.", "Leicester Tigers have signed new England loose-head prop Ellis Genge from newly-promoted Bristol.", "Staff at Swansea's DVLA offices will be redeployed rather than face redundancy after changes to the way motorists pay their car tax, a UK transport minister has confirmed.", "Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the decision to scrap the toss in the County Championship this season looks like it is working.", "Some people say they are addicted to Facebook and can't go for long without checking their status.", "A teenage boy has appeared in court for a second time charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed at his Aberdeen school.", "Walsall have signed goalkeeper Mark Gillespie on a two-year contract from Carlisle United on a free transfer.", "Two men from High Wycombe jailed for a fatal stabbing have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.", "Patrick Roberts believes his loan spell at Celtic will prepare him for the challenge of trying to break into the Manchester City first team.", "Colchester have signed goalkeeper Rene Gilmartin as a player-coach after his release by Watford, and confirmed Dean Brill will not be returning.", "A man shot his ill wife before killing himself in a suicide pact, an inquest has heard.", "Australia has confirmed it sent 46 asylum seekers back to Vietnam after intercepting their boat off the coast of Western Australia last month.", "MotoGP championship leader Marc Marquez moved 52 points clear in the title race with victory at the Aragon Grand Prix.", "Helen Glover expects her partnership with Polly Swann to develop quickly as they prepare for the European Championships in Belgrade.", "Nick Clegg has accused the new Tory government of abandoning the values he said had been at the coalition's core.", "Industrial production in China recorded a smaller-than-expected rise in April, underlining worries that the economy may be losing steam.", "Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Aaron Tshibola on a one-month loan deal and Mansfield striker Rakish Bingham on a season-long loan.", "People are voting across Merseyside in the general and local council elections.", "A large billboard has been puzzling residents of a County Down town, and commuters on the main route between Bangor and Belfast.", "Hundreds of aerospace jobs could be lost if a factory is forced to \"significantly downsize\" or close, it has been claimed.", "A man accused of kidnapping his partner allegedly drove at a police officer who tried to save her, a court has heard.", "Declassified documents reveal concerns of the UK government 60 years ago that Rockall could become a base for spying on a missile test site.", "The artist who created the album cover for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been given a top honour in the band's home city.", "Alfreton Town have signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney on loan from League Two side York for the rest of the season.", "The International Monetary Fund has today highlighted the challenge to be faced by the next government in returning the public finances to balance.", "BBC newsreader Sophie Raworth is to be part of Watchdog's new presenting team.", "The BBC generated more than \u00a38bn for the UK economy in 2011-12, almost twice its licence fee spend.", "The US has said that it will resume aid to the military in Bahrain.", "A signed Beatles ticket from a concert in Norfolk in 1963 is expected to fetch up to \u00a32,000 at auction in London.", "A body has been found by police in their search for a missing man from Merthyr Tydfil.", "Red Bull have said that their hopes of securing a Mercedes engine supply in 2016 are now over.", "Guernsey's Environment Department has invited islanders to identify the parcels of land that could be suitable for development.", "An actress who appeared in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to attend a special screening of the movie in Kingussie later.", "Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego both made centuries to drag Somerset back into contention with Middlesex on day three of the County Championship match.", "A power cut left Venezuela's parliament in the dark as it discussed a law dedicated to the energy sector.", "Two international rugby stars have returned to their home club to help coach an under-10s team and to watch the first XV in action.", "The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.", "Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, says Scarlets captain Ken Owens.", "Widnes Vikings claimed just their second Super League win of the season with a narrow victory over St Helens.", "A former Welsh amateur boxing champion said she is turning professional as she does not have confidence in the governing body.", "World number one Novak Djokovic won his first title since his surprise exit from Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Japan's Kei Nishikori in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.", "Peter Houston is still seeking to fine-tune his Falkirk squad, with a striker and defender pinpointed as priorities.", "Humans lived in the Amazon rainforest much earlier than previously thought, and even helped shape its biodiversity, researchers have said.", "Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.", "Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined to make sure the club is not involved in another Premier League relegation fight next season.", "Labour's Barry Coppinger has been re-elected as Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner.", "The Queen has been spotted having an evening meal at an Edinburgh pub.", "A court in the Philippines has found a US marine guilty of killing a transgender woman.", "Great Britain's Colin Fleming says tennis players guilty of match-fixing should face life bans.", "The Pentagon is considering transferring Private Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison in order to treat her gender dysphoria, US media report.", "Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the first round of the Korea Open by qualifier Nicole Gibbs.", "St Johnstone have made 18-year-old Northern Irish midfielder Kyle McClean their first signing of the summer.", "Disney has become the first film studio to take $7bn (\u00c2\u00a35.7bn) in global ticket sales for 2016.", "Some 11,180 students were placed on undergraduate courses in the UK through clearing in the first 24 hours after yesterday's A-level results.", "Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced plans to track foreign homeownership and raised the possibility of eventually enacting limits on buying.", "The grandmother of a four-year-old boy who received part of his father's liver has said all is going \"according to plan\" following the operation.", "A Whitehaven woman who defrauded a charity set up by a teenager dying of cancer who became well-known for her \"bucket list\" has been sentenced.", "A former special constable who groomed and engaged in sexual activity with a child has been jailed for five years.", "ScotRail said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to bring to an end a dispute over driver-only operated trains.", "People who have been flocking to Fife to see a whale which has been breaching in the Firth of Forth are being warned from \"making any attempts to approach or actively pursue\" it.", "Cardiff Devils lost 6-1 away to Nottingham Panthers in the Elite League, less than 48 hours before playing the same opposition in the Challenge Cup final.", "Organisers of the Miss America pageant have apologised to actress Vanessa Williams, 32 years after she was forced to hand back her title.", "More than 20 parties have come forward with bids to either recycle four Royal Navy frigates or turn some of them into artificial reefs, the BBC has learned.", "Ofgem has asked for more information on why a subsea cable is needed to carry electricity generated on the Western Isles to the mainland.", "Hostage Johan Gustafsson, held by al-Qaeda in Mali since 2011, has been freed, the Swedish government says.", "Action to reduce the number of Welsh children with type 1 diabetes from being admitted to hospital is needed as cases continue to rise, experts warn.", "A man whose son was killed during an opposition protest in Venezuela's capital Caracas has made a personal plea to President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro.", "The Public Prosecution Service and the PSNI have launched a legal bid to gain access to all interviews and notes by a former IRA member who was one of the main researchers for a Troubles history project at Boston College.", "A baby tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Lancashire.", "Bird flu has been confirmed in a flock of 19,500 turkeys at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said.", "The UN refugee agency has criticised Cameroon for the forced return of hundreds of refugees to north-east Nigeria after they had fled from the Islamist Boko Haram insurgency.", "A woman who nearly drowned during a school swimming lesson when she was 10 years old has won a compensation battle at the High Court.", "The ruling party in Burundi has won the parliamentary election boycotted by the main opposition parties.", "Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify military documents about the killing of ex-president Thomas Sankara, a lawyer for his family has said.", "At least two people have died and several others are feared missing after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa.", "Four of the UK's worst traffic bottlenecks occur on the Edinburgh bypass, according to new research.", "A pensioner used a mini camera to secretly film women's bare legs in a Falkirk shopping centre, a court was told.", "The authorities in Texas have charged two men with conspiring to harbour suspected illegal immigrants.", "St Johnstone players Danny Swanson and Richard Foster are set to face \"severe\" punishments for brawling with each other in the 1-0 defeat at Hamilton, manager Tommy Wright says.", "British artists have scooped several nominations for the 2015 Grammys.", "Millions of Muslims all around the world will be celebrating Eid al-Fitr this week to mark the end of Ramadan.", "Ten men were arrested after a teenager was stabbed and gun shots were fired, police said.", "The partner of a transgender woman found dead in a men's prison while on remand has told an inquest she did not want to be in a male jail.", "Personal insolvency numbers have returned to \"relative stability\" in Scotland following the introduction last year of new bankruptcy legislation, according to officials.", "A group of primary school children were injured on a trip to a farm when the trailer they were in became detached from the tractor pulling it.", "Pope Francis has condemned the \"complicit silence\" about the killing of Christians during a Good Friday service in Rome.", "The Bolivian government has declared a state of emergency in a vast agricultural area affected by a plague of locusts.", "Wales rugby great Gareth Edwards has been knighted by the Duke of Cambridge in recognition of a glittering sporting career and services to charity.", "Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes are close to be being snuffed out following a 3-0 loss to England at Wembley.", "Polar bears involved in a Scottish captive breeding project are sharing an enclosure and mating.", "Guy Martin and John McGuinness will race for the Japanese-based Mugen team in this year's TT race for electric-powered machines.", "A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.", "A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over his confrontation with a woman who died in jail shortly after being arrested.", "A tweet from One Direction's Louis Tomlinson to Harry Styles has become the second most retweeted post of all time.", "A German court has sentenced a doctor who fled Chile to five years in prison for involvement in child sex abuse at a commune called Colonia Dignidad.", "Three weeks after the general election, and a week after the state opening of Parliament, new MPs have been busy making their maiden speeches in the House of Commons.", "A country pub saved from closure after villagers stepped in to buy it has been named national pub of the year.", "Mexican authorities are to investigate allegations children battling cancer were given \"distilled water\" instead of chemotherapy.", "Gloucester City chairman Nigel Hughes has urged absent fans to return to the struggling non-league club.", "The funeral of an Afghanistan veteran and Green Beret who died after collapsing during the London Marathon has been held in Dunfermline, Fife.", "A man who was tortured and raped during an attack by two of his former friends in a Belfast flat has said he thought he was \"going to die that night\".", "A militant from the so-called Islamic State (IS) believed to be responsible for a deadly attack on US troops in northern Iraq has been killed in a drone strike, the US military said.", "Vin Diesel sang, Channing Tatum danced and Zac Efron showed off his abs, yes - again, at the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.", "Plymouth Argyle striker Jimmy Spencer will miss at least three months after breaking and dislocating his ankle.", "Radamel Falcao has been omitted from Chelsea's 25-man squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.", "A baby dolphin has died after it was surrounded by tourists looking to take photographs on a beach in southern Spain.", "Two men have been assaulted by an armed gang in south Belfast.", "Several thousand customers were left without electricity for a time on Wednesday night.", "A man has been stabbed to death in Mottingham in the early hours of Boxing Day.", "Plans for a controversial cycle path through Edinburgh have been agreed in principle by city councillors.", "Last year's winner Many Clouds heads Saturday's Grand National field after the 40-runner line-up was confirmed.", "Keepers at Chester Zoo are making sure every creature, from the biggest elephant to the smallest beetle, is present and correct as part of their annual animal count.", "A manhunt is under way in Germany after a man allegedly stabbed a nine-year-old neighbour to death and uploaded a video boasting of his deed to the dark web.", "A second referendum on the details of any Brexit deal should be offered to voters, Green Party of England and Wales MP Caroline Lucas has said.", "An NHS mental health services provider has been upgraded from \"inadequate\" to \"good\" following a recent inspection.", "This year's Grand National winner Rule The World has been retired.", "Air, sea and land searches were made over the weekend for a missing 18-year-old Inverness man.", "Coronation Street and Keeping up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent has said.", "The search for a Scots botanist missing in Vietnam is expected to resume later after being abandoned in heavy snow.", "Petrol and diesel prices rose sharply in October, said the RAC, taking them to their highest level since July 2015.", "\"Extremely serious concerns about unacceptable noise and disruption\" caused by students in Oxford have increased, according to a letter seen by the BBC.", "A hospital has suspended visits to patients on all its wards following an outbreak of the norovirus bug.", "A man has appeared in court over an acid attack that left two people with \"life-changing\" injuries.", "Ferry firm SeaFrance is to shed 127 jobs in Dover after it was liquidated by a French court and told to cease activity.", "Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied confessing to the abduction, rape and killing of 13-year-old Milly Dowler.", "The Israeli government has taken steps to reduce the penalties for personal marijuana use.", "Everton's Romelu Lukaku has decided where he wants to play next season.", "A 1969 Led Zeppelin session for the BBC that was thought to have been lost when archives were wiped has been recovered from a recording made by a fan.", "A prison officer has suffered a serious neck wound after she was attacked at a jail in County Antrim.", "Post offices and shops are expected to be very busy on Tuesday, as people going back to work after the holidays try to return unwanted presents.", "Northern Ireland's new health minister has challenged politicians to accept change as he outlined his vision for the future of local health services.", "A school pupil involved in a coach crash in Belgium in which the driver died is still having \"sleepless nights\" two months on, her father has said.", "Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Dundee United, but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by Rangers.", "A motorcyclist who reached the speed of 237km/h (147mph) on Beijing's ring road has been detained by Chinese police for dangerous driving, state media report.", "One in three councils in England has not replaced a single home sold through the Right to Buy scheme since 2012, according to the charity Shelter.", "A bill to restrict foreign ownership in Russia's media will soon go before the parliament, which is dominated by MPs loyal to President Vladimir Putin.", "Plans to demolish and replace two West Midlands fire stations - one of which is Grade II listed - have been backed by fire service bosses.", "A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two young children inside.", "Eastleigh have confirmed the loan signing of Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.", "A football club chairman and his father were given a \"loan\" of more than \u00a32.5m by a company set up to oversee the development of its stadium.", "A Haitian former coup leader, Guy Philippe, has pleaded not guilty in a US court to drug trafficking and money laundering charges.", "Nursing job applicants are being offered two months free accommodation in a bid to quell staff shortages at a hospital trust.", "Indian police have arrested nine people they suspect of colluding to illegally construct a high-rise residential building in Mumbai which collapsed, killing 74 people.", "Ross County have completed the signing of central midfielder Tim Chow on a two-year contract.", "Aston Villa have named Tom Fox as the club's new chief executive.", "Christmas swims are expected to attract bumper numbers this year due to milder winter weather and growing popularity for the craze.", "China faces a ban from international weightlifting competition after three of its athletes failed doping tests.", "The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen in the past year, according to a new report.", "German airline Lufthansa is making an eleventh-hour court appeal to halt a planned pilots' strike that will cancel 900 flights on Wednesday.", "The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted allowing human sewage to leak from a tank and pollute a stream.", "Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has had his loan spell with Belgian club Standard Liege terminated.", "Labour's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review to work on long-term changes to England's exams and curriculum for 14 to 19-year-olds.", "Workers in Northern Ireland factories operated by US firm Caterpillar will be given details of job cuts later.", "Business leaders' group the Institute of Directors (IoD) has accused the UK government of a \"poverty of ambition\" on broadband speeds.", "Three different 999 services had to be stood down after a \"body in the water\" turned out to be a bronze sculpture.", "A paedophile who travelled from London to south Wales has been jailed for three years.", "Solihull held on to claim a narrow victory over Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men late on.", "Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has confirmed he will not stand for Parliament again after taking a new role with an education think-tank.", "A 200-year-old burial site has been discovered during redevelopment work at Brighton Dome Corn Exchange.", "Mae diffoddwyr yn mynd i'r afael \u00e2 th\u00e2n mawr mewn garej yn Sir Conwy.", "York residents are being put off applying for flood protection grants as the process is \"incredibly complicated\", a local MP has claimed.", "A woman who was seriously hurt in a fatal hen party motorway crash is now helping other major trauma victims rebuild their lives.", "Cuban police have detained more than 50 people who took part in a march calling on the island's communist government to release political prisoners.", "New car sales in Scotland grew last month but at half the rate of the UK as a whole, according to motor traders.", "Police in Edinburgh are investigating a series of thefts and attempted thefts where men have impersonated police officers.", "The European Commission has ruled that a controversial EU-Canada free trade deal - CETA - cannot be renegotiated, despite much opposition in Europe.", "A Royal Navy chef has spent hours melting chocolate buttons to create a small fleet of ships in commemoration of the Battle of Trafalgar.", "Ambulance crews who gave a cardiac arrest patient 17 high-energy electric shocks say he is lucky to be alive.", "Belfast's Rebecca Shorten won a bronze medal as part of the Great Britain women's eight at the final World Cup regatta of the season in Lucerne.", "The owner of a cat which visits a supermarket every day, has had to ask people to stop feeding his pet because he was putting on weight.", "Bradford City made sure of a League One play-off spot as they beat Southend United thanks to Lee Evans' early goal.", "A new mayor in South Africa says he will give away a fleet of new luxury cars ordered by his predecessors.", "A union has welcomed reassurances from the new owner of Bernard Matthews over job security and pensions.", "A man in a wheelchair with an apparent grievance has detonated a small device at Beijing International Airport.", "One person has been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the M4 in Cardiff involving a tanker and a van.", "Councillors are to be given a progress report on plans to develop a national resilience centre in Dumfries.", "Legoland has apologised to people who have spent hours stuck in its car park.", "A care home has been ordered to raise its standards after the industry watchdog criticised areas including infection control.", "An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who raided her home and stole birthday and Christmas presents.", "A second teenager has been arrested after a suspected knife fight broke out at a London shopping centre on Boxing Day, the Metropolitan Police has said.", "Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising as a player and co-owner.", "Britain's Olympic silver medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill should \"take time\" to consider her future, her coach Toni Minichiello has said.", "A heavily pregnant woman had a gun pressed to her head when masked burglars broke into her Rochdale home.", "A town centre footfall study in the Borders has recorded a 6% rise across eight main towns in the region in 2015 compared with the previous year.", "Bhutan is a tiny and remote kingdom nestling in the Himalayas between its powerful neighbours, India and China.", "Scotland boss-in-waiting Shelley Kerr is good enough to coach any men's side in Scotland, according to 104-time capped forward Suzanne Grant.", "Stoke City have signed Cameroon winger Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a three-year deal after his contract ran out at German club Schalke.", "The SNP has held a South Ayrshire Council ward following a by-election which was called after the previous incumbent was elected as an MP.", "A group of Italian scientists convicted of manslaughter for failing to predict a deadly earthquake have had the verdict quashed.", "Vitamin B3 could be the new weapon in the fight against superbugs such as MRSA, researchers have suggested.", "A child sexual exploitation report has found police made no sustained effort to find out who was responsible for abusing children in the care system.", "Musician Koffi Olomide has been taken into custody in the Democratic Republic of Congo, days after he was deported from Kenya for allegedly kicking one of his dancers at an airport in Nairobi.", "Two convicted rapists and a man convicted of assault - all considered to be a \"risk to the public\" - have absconded from an open prison.", "Rapper Kanye West has declared he wants to work with Ikea on a new range of furniture.", "A \"glitch\" which shut down all the computer systems at Edinburgh Airport caused \"massive disruption\" and some flight delays.", "A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a 14-year-old boy was treated in hospital after taking half of a 'Darth Vader' tablet.", "Burma has set up a commission to investigate recent violence between Buddhists and Muslims in the west of the country, in which dozens died.", "Mafia criminals who are better educated tend to earn more, research suggests.", "England full-back Sam Tomkins will rejoin Wigan on a four-year deal after he agreed to leave National Rugby League side New Zealand Warriors.", "A man killed in a crash in Chorley had recently returned from a motorbike tour of Europe as part of his 21st birthday celebrations.", "Bournemouth's Polish goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.", "These amazing forest buildings could help tackle China's pollution problems.", "Britain's Tom Daley said he was \"heartbroken\" after a shock semi-final elimination in the Olympic 10m platform diving competition.", "The Republic's spending watchdog has reportedly concluded that the \u00a31.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio had \"irregularities\" and \"shortcomings\".", "Hackers have targeted a council Twitter feed - announcing an end to council tax and free parking for all.", "Starting university is meant to be an exciting time but for Amara Bangura it has been a bit too eventful.", "The BBC's News at Ten is to run 10 minutes longer in the New Year, with the bulletin set to end at 22:45 GMT on every weekday except Friday.", "Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is \"out of order\" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri, says ex-Arsenal defender Martin Keown.", "The family of a woman who killed herself after being discharged from hospital has labelled a report into her death \"psycho babble and twaddle\".", "Sony Music, one of the big three global record companies, says it will start pressing its own vinyl releases again for the first time since 1989.", "A female polar bear at a Scottish zoo has been temporarily put off limits to visitors as a precaution in case she is pregnant.", "New health advice recommends short spells in the sun - without suncream and in the middle of the day.", "Multimillion-pound repairs to a flood-hit bridge have been approved by senior councillors.", "South Africa is set to hold a huge protest march against xenophobia in the coastal city of Durban following a wave of attacks on foreigners.", "The death of a man who twice apparently jumped from a building has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.", "Plans to relax so-called \"purdah rules\" on government announcements in the run-up to the EU referendum are to be the subject of a quickfire inquiry by MPs.", "This ancient fort could not look more different to the red brick housing estate currently occupying suburbia in Monmouthshire.", "A person has been taken to hospital by air ambulance following a serious crash on a major road in Monmouthshire.", "More than 50,000 people in the NHS earned more than \u00a3100,000 in 2013-14, an investigation by the Taxpayers' Alliance and Daily Mail shows.", "This Friday marks the 100th anniversary of one of the deadliest battles in World War One.", "A public school teacher who groped an 18-year-old girl has been given a nine-month suspended sentence.", "Two teenagers arrested after a 16-year-old boy suffered \"potentially life threatening injuries\" in a stabbing in Brighton have been released on bail.", "The body of a missing music shop owner has been found in the boot of his car parked in Birmingham.", "Punk-pop band Green Day have hit number one for the third time in their career with their new album Revolution Radio.", "Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become boss at League One side Bury, after they agreed a compensation package with the Scottish Premiership side.", "Turkey's government has sacked another 1,389 soldiers accused of being linked to the coup attempt earlier this month.", "Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of high-rise buildings in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire.", "Nineteen people have been killed after a bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims crashed in Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state-run Mena news agency says.", "Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes has said he is \"ready to move on with his life\" after a man appeared in court to admit assaulting him.", "World number one Dustin Johnson is out of the Masters at Augusta National after suffering a back injury in a fall at his rental home on Wednesday.", "Hundreds of jobs could be lost if Rolls-Royce moves it research and development work out of Derby, a Unite union organiser has said.", "Australia were \"overly sensitive\" to postpone their tour of Bangladesh over security concerns, says Pakistan Cricket Board president Shahryar Khan.", "A specialised white blood cell found in birds can destroy an infection thought to cause hundreds of thousands of human deaths a year, scientists claim.", "A plane has been forced to carry out an unexpected landing after being struck by lightning.", "A woman has been remanded in custody charged with covering up the death of a one-year-old for more than a decade.", "People concerned with traffic congestion in villages near Stonehenge are stepping up a campaign for \"urgent action\" to be taken.", "Birmingham defender Paul Caddis has been told he is free to find a new club after more than four years with Blues.", "Fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says Australia's attack can reopen the scars of England's batting struggles from their 5-0 Ashes whitewash down under.", "An Orange hall in County Antrim has been the target of a paint bomb attack.", "Three people were killed when a \"monster truck\" ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at an annual motor show in the east of the Netherlands.", "Labour's leadership is heading \"in the opposite direction to where voters are\" on big issues, an ex-minister says.", "Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than \u00a31m.", "Plans by Apple and Google to do more to protect customers' privacy have made the FBI \"very concerned\".", "The influential head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has called for civilian drone technology to be regulated, warning about privacy and security concerns.", "Two care workers who admitted neglect after a pensioner fell from a hoist at a Birmingham care home have been sentenced to 12-month community orders.", "The makers of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway board game have apologised after it was found to have several errors.", "Security is tight in the German capital, Berlin, Germany host England in a friendly football match.", "Imax, the Canadian maker of widescreen cinema theatres, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) of its China unit in Hong Kong.", "A gold supercar with L-plates was seized by police in west London, leaving its driver by the roadside.", "Cincinnati's Scooter Gennett became the 17th player to hit four home runs in a Major League Baseball game in Tuesday's 13-1 win over St. Louis Cardinals.", "West Yorkshire's chief constable has had his suspension lifted.", "The US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on an unannounced visit.", "Concerns are growing for a teenager who was last seen at a beach in South Devon six days ago.", "A man who stabbed a motorist 39 times after a crash was misdiagnosed with a form of autism, a court has been told.", "League One side Peterborough United have parted company with manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.", "Media regulator Ofcom has opened up bidding for operators to set up their own local TV services across the UK.", "An RAF pilot was guided into landing his jet by a colleague in another aircraft after suffering \"a partial loss of vision\", it has emerged.", "Meat-eaters \"easily cheat, lie, forget promises and commit sex crimes\", according to a controversial school textbook available in India.", "A man has appeared before magistrates in Bristol charged with murder after a man was knocked down and dragged under a moving car.", "Former US President Bill Clinton is introduced to the McGuinness family by Sinn F\u00e9in President Gerry Adams", "Brazilian prosecutors have filed corruption charges against President Dilma Rousseff's electoral strategist.", "The public is being asked to provide information on the locations of nine fugitives suspected of serious environmental crimes.", "Asian markets headed lower after a survey of China's manufacturing sector indicated it is shrinking at the fastest pace for six-and-a-half years.", "Jono Gibbes is to become the head coach of Pro12 side Ulster on a two-year deal in the summer.", "Four hillwalkers who got into difficulties during severe weather on Ben Lomond have been rescued.", "Shares in Swiss agribusiness group Syngenta have risen 12% after its takeover by ChemChina was given the go-ahead by a US regulator.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed goalkeeper Lenny Pidgeley until the end of the season.", "A lorry driver has smashed through the front wall of a pub in Wiltshire.", "League One side Fleetwood Town have signed defender Joe Davis from Leicester City for an undisclosed fee.", "League One side Oldham Athletic have signed goalkeeper Chris Kettings on a one-year deal.", "Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused over the 9/11 attacks have appeared at a US military tribunal for the first time in five months.", "Beyonce has scooped nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards, extending her lead as the most-nominated woman in Grammys history.", "The Prime Minister has given his public backing to a stadium in Cornwall if the Conservatives are re-elected in May.", "Manchester United have opened talks with Wayne Rooney over a new deal that could keep the striker at Old Trafford for the rest of his career.", "Mansfield Town have signed striker Kane Hemmings from League One club Oxford United on a season-long loan.", "The fuselage of a World War II Spitfire that has spent the last few years in a garden in Oxford has failed to reach its asking price at auction in Surrey.", "A castle has welcomed 20 chicks to its grounds after hens nested next to a lifelike replica boar.", "The government's immigration cap on skilled workers has had no effect on bringing down net migration and is not \"fit for purpose\", MPs say.", "The AA has warned that it may have to raise its prices because the government has doubled the tax rate on insurance policies in less than two years.", "The Archbishop of Canterbury is working with other Christian churches to agree on a fixed date for Easter.", "Air strikes on so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa have cut the city's water supply, with 20 civilians reported dead.", "Lincoln City have signed Shrewsbury winger James Caton on loan until the end of the season.", "Planned cuts to library services in a West Yorkshire town have been scrapped following campaigns by residents.", "Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported stronger than expected sales for the July-to-September period.", "Germany's Michael Jung retained his Olympic individual eventing title by winning gold at Rio 2016 on his second-choice horse.", "Locals could be offered the chance to buy shares in new wind farms, solar farms and hydro power stations, under new government approved guidelines.", "A 19-year-old man has been charged after a cat was killed and others were badly injured in shootings in Surrey.", "The Duchy of Cornwall was warned of the risk of a \"potentially fatal situation\" at a beach it owns, ahead of a man's death there last week.", "Asian markets traded lower on Thursday with investor sentiment dented by a weaker than expected first quarter growth figure in the US.", "Opener David Warner hit an unbeaten 122 as Australia drew a rain-affected third and final Test against West Indies.", "Rescuers used helicopters to pluck families from rooftops in the southern German town of Deggendorf on Wednesday as the Danube flood crisis continues.", "A mother walking her children to school in north Wales is in hospital with serious injuries after being attacked on a busy footpath.", "Two teenagers have been arrested and three knives recovered after 300 people attended a house party in east London.", "Interest rates should remain low to avoid long-term economic stagnation, the chief economist at the Bank of England has said.", "Hon Hai Precision Industry, a major assembler of Apple products, has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iPhones and iPads.", "A man has been acquitted of raping a student who killed herself while detectives investigated the case.", "A foam factory in Merthyr Tydfil has announced it will close with the loss of 80 jobs.", "The quest to find King Arthur's Camelot has puzzled and intrigued scholars and fans for over a thousand years.", "Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri has backed Jamie Vardy to end his goal drought, but revealed the striker has even struggled to score in training.", "A police officer has been slashed in the face with gardening shears during a large-scale disturbance in Essex.", "Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.", "Leaders of the prison officers union have reached a deal over pay and conditions following concerns about jail safety, the Ministry of Justice has said.", "A widower is appealing to help find the stranger who took the last photo of him and his wife together before she died.", "Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams because of health concerns, the health ministry says.", "There were angry scenes on Monday night as the bill enabling the government to trigger Article 50 cleared the Lords.", "More than 1,300 militants from so-called Islamic State were killed by British air strikes in Iraq over a 12-month period, according to new figures.", "An airport has taken down its passenger information website after a hacker breached security systems, claiming they were too lax.", "The preferred location for a town's first railway station in 50 years has been revealed.", "A third man has been jailed for murdering a flight attendant who was bludgeoned with a hammer and buried in a concrete tomb.", "Five people have been injured following a crash between a bin lorry, a bus and two cars.", "Shrien Dewani has arrived back in England after being cleared by a court in South Africa of arranging the murder of his wife in 2010.", "The company behind the UK's first horizontal fracking operation has announced six \"commitments\" which it claims will ensure Lancashire benefits.", "Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has fired a senior official over an incident caused by his daughter at an exclusive restaurant last month.", "British and Burmese authorities could work together to find 20 Spitfires buried in Burma at the end of the World War II, officials say.", "Two men were rescued after becoming stranded on a crag on Snowdon's narrow Crib Goch ridge.", "A system for detaining asylum seekers while their claims are speedily assessed has been temporarily suspended after it was ruled unlawful last month.", "South Wales Police are appealing for information over the whereabouts of a man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager.", "Two men arrested in connection with the suspected murder of a missing man have been released on bail.", "A major Scottish interior fitter has announced \"a major review of its longer-term vision, mission and strategy\".", "A retired TV producer is to appeal against his conviction for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner.", "The body of the first Briton to be killed while fighting against Islamic State (IS) has been handed over to his family at the Syrian-Iraqi border.", "Preston North End have re-signed goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a one-year deal after he had his contract cancelled at West Bromwich Albion.", "Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has accused his Labour Party colleagues of \"behaving like a petulant child who has been told you can't have the sweeties in the sweet shop\".", "A grandfather from Gwynedd died after being hit by a boat's propeller off the Maltese coast, an inquest has heard.", "An Iraqi court has sentenced to death 27 men for their involvement in the massacre of up to 1,700 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in June 2014.", "Devon-based surfing goods and forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by an Australian company as part of a \u00a37m deal.", "Spain's Sergio Garcia opened up a three-shot lead in the Dubai Desert Classic as the delayed second round was completed on Saturday morning.", "Darren Ambrose's double helped struggling Colchester United come from behind to win 2-1 at Bradford City and end a 19-game League One winless run.", "Three Neolithic-style huts have been built at Old Sarum to offer an insight into how Stonehenge's builders lived.", "Joseph Parker and Andy Ruiz Jr will fight for the WBO heavyweight title vacated by Tyson Fury on 10 December.", "Mae Cymru Fyw wedi mynd i ysbryd yr \u0175y-l ond mae ymennydd ein cwisfeistr druan wedi ffrio'n l\u00e2n!", "A second suspect wanted in the death of a US border official has been extradited to the US, in a case linked to a botched gun-running sting.", "The FBI is investigating another wave of bomb threats to Jewish facilities in the US after 11 sites were evacuated on Monday.", "Police investigating the rape of an elderly nun in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a key suspect in the crime.", "A member of Texas' House of Representatives has filed a resolution to urge Texans to stop using an emoji representing the Chilean flag when they really mean to use the Texan flag.", "The Premier League has announced a new deal with American broadcaster NBC Universal to show live games for the next six years.", "The second phase of a \u00a315m project to upgrade the water and sewer pipes in Stafford is under way.", "Turkey has accused Russia of again violating its airspace and warned it would \"face consequences\" if such infringements continue.", "Newcastle director of rugby Dean Richards believes his side are gaining attention due to their higher position in the Premiership table.", "Peterborough United defender Miles Addison has signed a new one-month contract with the League One side.", "Belgian rider Femke van den Driessche has been suspended for six years in the first proven case of mechanical doping in cycling.", "George Ford is expected to make way for Owen Farrell at fly-half for England's opening Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.", "A Stranraer Academy student has set up a petition to ensure a life-enhancing drug is made available to a fellow pupil with an extremely rare disease.", "Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their failed bid to be part of the inaugural Women's Super Rugby competition.", "A police drugs team worker was drafted in to help with a roadside drama as he helped deliver a baby.", "Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill believes other clubs are offering big money to Manu Tuilagi.", "A \"serial liar\" who made a series of bogus sexual assault allegations against 15 men has been jailed for 10 years.", "A businessman who plied teenage girls with vodka before sexually abusing them has been sentenced to 13 years.", "Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a factory on the Isle of Scalpay in the Western Isles.", "Torrential rain in Cambridgeshire caused a riverbank to collapse, left 856 homes without power, trapped drivers and closed two supermarkets.", "A British Army team has arrived in Somalia as part of a United Nations mission to counter Islamist militants.", "A six-year-old girl, who survived a cancer battle, is back in hospital after being injured when an inflatable slide blew into a crowd in high winds.", "Women's football's all-time international leading goalscorer, United States striker Abby Wambach, will retire at the end of a World Cup victory tour in December.", "Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of loose-head prop Oliver Kebble for next season.", "Head coach Denis Betts is not worried about Widnes' recent form despite four consecutive Super League defeats.", "Three people arrested after a man was found unconscious following a suspected assault in Brighton have been released without charge.", "A man who coerced a woman into having sex with a stranger before sending \"revenge porn\" to her family has been jailed for six years.", "Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.", "Temporary classrooms are being set up at a school that was damaged by fire.", "Wales wing George North's decision not to return to a Welsh region is a disappointment, says Rugby Wales chief executive Mark Davies.", "Czech 14th seed Petra Kvitova kept up her superb form by thrashing fourth seed Simona Halep to reach the final at the Wuhan Open in China.", "A man beaten with iron bars by a masked gang has blamed dissident republican paramilitaries for an attack at his home in Derry.", "A multi-million pound refurbishment of a Denbighshire leisure centre which was closed because of council cutbacks is due to start.", "A total of 179 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated in Keighley and Bradford, West Yorkshire Police has said.", "A truck driver has been charged with illegally transporting immigrants after dozens of people were discovered in the back of his trailer.", "A unique perspective on a landmark social event is to be unveiled as part of Nottingham's Caribbean Carnival.", "A woman with multiple sclerosis has said she was refused a taxi to a meeting of the MS Society because the journey was too short.", "A police sergeant called out to deal with a brawl in a Glasgow pub ended up giving an arresting performance of Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive.", "South Africa fast bowler Hardus Viljoen took five wickets on his Kent debut as they bowled Gloucestershire out for 221 on day one in Bristol.", "Nathan Buck took a career-best 6-34 to help bowl Durham out for 166 and give Northants the upper hand on day one.", "Police have searched the home and garden of a vulnerable woman who has been missing for a month in Inverclyde.", "A charity has criticised a series of adverts which it claims are offensive to people with facial burns.", "French mosques have invited non-Muslims in to try to create greater understanding of Islam in France.", "Early agreement has been reached on North Sea fishing quotas for next year, with an increase in key stocks for Scottish fishermen.", "A couple who were in a light aircraft that crashed in a Northamptonshire field escaped unhurt and were found by ambulance crews in a nearby pub.", "Ireland pair Jonathan Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to resume full training after injury before Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.", "Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and his state secretary, Fred Teeven, have resigned after misleading parliament over a 2001 compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.", "Gavin Swankie's late winner gave Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic a 4-3 win over Cowdenbeath, who sink to the foot of the table.", "A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.", "Visitors have been asked to stay away from a Vale of Glamorgan hospital because of an outbreak of norovirus.", "Gritting lorries and snowploughs have been out and about on Lincolnshire's roads - in preparation for the start of the snow risk season.", "They can walk, they can talk, and may soon be thinking for themselves.", "A former friend of the women who murdered toddler Liam Fee has told the BBC that \"no sentence\" could ever be enough for their crimes.", "A paper manufacturer has applied to build a new plant to generate electricity and steam for its mill in West Norfolk.", "Bulldozers have started to clear part of the makeshift Calais camp known as the \"Jungle\" after about 1,000 residents left the area.", "Police invoked special stop and search powers after three people were stabbed within 10 minutes in a town centre.", "Charter Communications has agreed to buy media giant Time Warner Cable in a deal which values the company at $78.7bn (\u00c2\u00a352bn).", "The Polish foreign ministry has banned a biker gang linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin from entering the country.", "Hashim Amla resigned as South Africa captain immediately after his side drew the second Test against England.", "Australia's economy grew at a better-than-expected 0.9% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to the previous quarter, boosted by mining together with financial and insurance services.", "The sound of the first cuckoo in spring is a familiar one in the British countryside.", "Wales' Jamie Donaldson will take a two-shot lead into the third round of the Nordea Masters after carding a second successive 69 on Friday.", "Campaigners want a dedicated clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Wales.", "A new gin distillery in the Borders - built in a converted cowshed - is to start production early in the new year.", "A 19th Century factory, once a grand beacon of Nottingham's industry, has been largely reduced to ashes and rubble after a fire consumed it for more than a week.", "A US student has been charged with smearing peanut butter in the face of an undergraduate who has a potentially deadly allergy.", "Norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour Finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence.", "The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he only accepted the job after being convinced by his wife.", "A football team stranded on a motorway after a bridge collapsed are hunting for a mystery bride who asked to have her photo taken with them.", "A man has been arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of \"Syria-related terrorism\" offences.", "Three statues honouring the Devonshire, Dorset and combined Devon and Dorset Army regiments are being planned for the National Memorial Arboretum.", "A serial robber who threatened an 18-year-old shop worker with a knife was caught after his streak of grey hair was recognised in CCTV footage.", "Four silver coins dating from the 14th Century that were found on County Down farmland have been declared to be treasure at an inquest in Belfast.", "A 15-year-old girl has died despite being rescued after she was swept into the sea in North Tyneside.", "The boyfriend of a pregnant woman killed in a scooter accident in Thailand is to be charged over her death, police in the country have said.", "A woman who set a \"honey trap\" for a professional gambler who was kicked to death for his winnings has been jailed for 16 years.", "Manchester United's \u00a356m new signings Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw will join the squad to tour the United States later this month.", "The IT systems of three US hospitals have been infected with ransomware, which encrypts vital files and demands money to unlock them.", "BodyPositive is an exciting new BBC campaign.", "Some 120 diners celebrating a baptism at a restaurant in a north-western Spanish town all fled the restaurant at once without paying, the owner said.", "Reported incidents of livestock worrying have risen by 55%, according to police.", "French driver Esteban Ocon will race for Force India in 2017 after agreeing a \"multi-year deal\", with the team.", "The quality of care at an Aberdeen nursing home has been deemed \"unsatisfactory\".", "Fetch, sit and roll over - all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog.", "Three men have been found guilty of killing a rival drug dealer in a gang-related revenge attack.", "Blackburn Rovers midfielder Hope Akpan has had his three-match ban for violent conduct extended to four, following a Football Association charge.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Ben Jefford on an 18-month contract from Welling.", "Adam Voges and Dawid Malan both hit tons as Middlesex dominated Hampshire on day one at Merchant Taylors' School.", "Parents of babies with milk and soya allergies could face charges of up to \u00a3112 per week to feed their children in London, it has been claimed.", "Thousands of people have come forward following a worldwide appeal to find a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a match in the next two months.", "A Bangladeshi toddler born with a third leg attached to her pelvis is returning home after successful surgery in Australia.", "A man is to appear in court over the suspicious death of a 34-year-old in Dundee.", "A man has died in a huge blaze at a sheltered housing complex in Fife.", "Forest Green Rovers goalkeeper Sam Russell has signed a new one-year deal.", "John Horan easily won the vote at Congress on Friday night to become the GAA president-elect.", "Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has played down reports of Rangers renewing their interest in Jamie Walker.", "Michael van Gerwen has won the UK Open title for the first time in his career, beating Peter Wright 11-5 in the final in Minehead.", "Gordon Greer has a double mission this summer - find a new club and one that is good enough to help him retain his place in the Scotland team.", "The longest-serving Lib Dem peer and veteran human rights campaigner, Lord Avebury, has died at the age of 87.", "A CCTV image of two women who may have witnessed a serious assault at a music venue has been released by police.", "A protest has taken place opposing cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.", "Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after suffering discrimination and serious injuries in the line of work, a union said.", "Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson says the club have been hit hard by the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick, who he believes will be successful with England.", "German exports and production fell in November compared with the previous month.", "A Red Cross manager who led the organisation's on-site response to the Shoreham Airshow disaster has been awarded a British Empire Medal.", "The Welsh Liberal Democrats would create 140,000 extra apprentices over the next five years if the party wins power in May's elections.", "Vodafone has warned it could move its headquarters from the UK depending on the outcome of Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union.", "A man has been jailed after he told a stranger that he wanted her to have a baby with her so he could abuse it.", "A police officer has been disciplined over a mistake which led to armed police being sent to the wrong address during a search of a family home in County Down.", "Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic gave the Paris crowd a home victory to cheer as they won the women's doubles title at the French Open.", "Head coach Warren Gatland said Wales' string of injuries were no defence for their 23-19 World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa.", "Bosses at Gatwick Airport have unveiled five \"guarantees\" they hope will convince the Airports Commission to approve a second runway.", "Carlisle United have signed free-agent winger Louis Pedro on a short-term contract that will expire on 21 May.", "League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe from Bury on loan until 5 January.", "A British woman jailed for taking her clothes off on a mountain in Malaysia has left Borneo ahead of returning to the UK later.", "The International Bomber Command Centre has been targeted by thieves for the second time in a matter of weeks.", "The winding-up petition brought against League Two side Northampton Town has been withdrawn following a court hearing on Monday.", "Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have plunged by about 50% in the past two days, surprising market watchers across the region.", "Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined 20,000 rupees (\u00c2\u00a3229; $300) after posting photos online of him and his wife posing in front of endangered Asiatic lions.", "A man who was facing trial for the attempted murder of two boys who were stabbed in a street in Hampshire has been found dead in his prison cell.", "Shows like Transparent mean there are more LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) characters on US TV than ever before, a report has found.", "Voters in Tower Hamlets are going to the polls to vote for a new mayor.", "Former England half-back Rangi Chase says he is \"back in love\" with rugby league after rejoining Castleford following a fight with depression.", "Britain's Martyn Rooney says he would rather receive his Beijing Olympic bronze medal at the Anniversary Games than at the World Championships.", "Researchers have identified a gene that appears to curb coffee consumption.", "Thailand has begun the process of naming Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as the country's new king.", "Sammy Wilson has said he will not be running for the DUP leadership.", "The body of a man has been found at a property in Oxford, police have confirmed.", "A Chinese government-linked company has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting high-performance coatings from the US to a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.", "You wait more than 15 years for a new Ghostbusters film, and then two come along at the same time.", "Rail upgrade works affecting people travelling between south Wales, Bristol Parkway and London Paddington have begun.", "Some 800,000 people have turned out in Barcelona and other towns in Catalonia on a day of rallies by nationalists wishing to break with Spain.", "Photographs showing a festive Prince Harry have been released, to mark his support of a charity helping children affected by HIV and Aids.", "Singapore plans to regulate third-party taxi booking apps such as Uber by capping fees and limiting them to use only licensed vehicles and drivers.", "A police dog stabbed on duty returned to the beat earlier this month after life-saving surgery.", "A woman, believed to be in her 80s, has died following a blaze at a house in the village of Lhanbryde near Elgin in Moray.", "Four men have been charged in a shooting at outside a Minneapolis police station that left five protesters wounded.", "The prime minister of the southern African kingdom of Lesotho has fled to South Africa, alleging a coup by the army and saying his life is in danger.", "A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been a victim of \"political harassment\" after a break-in at his constituency office in Cardiff.", "Campaigners are holding a protest walk against plans to build pylons across the Lake District National Park.", "Baltimore has lifted an overnight curfew imposed after riots sparked by the death of a black man in custody.", "Defender Paul Quinn has rejoined Ross County on an 18-month contract after agreeing his release from Aberdeen.", "Alviro Petersen made his second County Championship century of the summer to spearhead a solid day's batting by Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's.", "The US stock market closed on Tuesday about where it began, recovering after a flash of panic prompted by the release of emails from Donald Trump Jr.", "After being elected the new president of the IAAF, Lord Coe said taking the role was \"probably the second biggest and most momentous occasion in my life\" after the birth of his children.", "York City have signed midfielder Clovis Kamdjo on a two-year contract following his release by National League rivals Forest Green Rovers in May.", "Carmaker Vauxhall is trying to contact hundreds of thousands of British drivers, over worries their Zafira models could catch fire.", "Star Wars fans are being given the opportunity to become Jedi Knights and learn how to wield lightsabers in combat.", "A man has died in a crash involving two cars on one of Dorset's busiest routes.", "Oil firm Royal Dutch Shell has won approval from the US Department of Interior to explore for oil in the Arctic.", "A 26-year-old lawyer has pleaded guilty to murdering a young teacher whose body was found at a hotel on Christmas Eve.", "Turkey has blocked direct access to the Tor anonymous browsing network as part of a wider crackdown on the ways people circumvent internet censorship.", "Winger Carlos de Pena has left Middlesbrough after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.", "Palmyra, one of the archaeological jewels of the Middle East, is said to be under threat from Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.", "Contractors were left red-faced after incorrectly painting the word \"rihgt\" on a road off a supermarket car park.", "Ex-Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes new manager Rafael Benitez will be allowed greater control at the club.", "A Victorian university building in Aberystwyth could be transformed into a postgraduate centre under plans for a new \"cultural quarter\".", "Nottinghamshire piled up 446 on the opening day of the 2016 season as Steven Mullaney punished newly-promoted Surrey with an impressive hundred.", "Awareness rides are taking place to try and cut the number of people on horseback injured or killed on roads.", "A book about the death of a British officer in Afghanistan, once pulped by the Ministry of Defence, has won the Orwell Prize for political writing.", "Wetwang, Cockermouth and Bell End were just some of the place names deemed too rude to be shown at a Women's Institute (WI) event.", "Ireland flanker CJ Stander says scrum-half Conor Murray will not need special protection in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Murrayfield.", "Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge in South Africa to run 27 marathons in 27 days for Sport Relief.", "Norwich boss Alex Neil was pleased with his side's \"control\" during their 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Tuesday.", "Hugh Grant has been cast in Guy Ritchie's big-screen adaptation of the 1960s TV show, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Nigeria has slipped into recession, with the latest growth figures showing the economy contracted 2.06% between April and June.", "Wall Street posted solid gains, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reaching record highs.", "A commemorative \u00a35 coin is being produced to honour the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.", "One of the reasons the Great Exhibition of the North was awarded to Newcastle and Gateshead was because of the \"ambition\" of  organisers.", "A woman has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of her three-year-old son at their Dublin home earlier this week.", "Two men have appeared in court and been charged with murder following the death of a man who suffered serious head injuries at a banqueting venue.", "Barratt Homes has confirmed it is pressing ahead with plans to build 400 new homes in the east of Scotland.", "Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio.", "Members of the public are being asked to help create a record of ritual markings on buildings that were once believed to ward off evil spirits.", "Residents and commuters took to social media after the chimney at Didcot power station apparently vanished, leading to fears it had accidently collapsed.", "A new hovercraft route between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth could be introduced in the summer, operator Hovertravel has said.", "Almost 150,000 cruise ship passengers are scheduled to visit the Bailiwick of Guernsey during 2013.", "Northern Ireland needs a major new tourist attraction outside Belfast, according to the chief executive of Titanic Belfast.", "A paranoid schizophrenic who killed a former neighbour and went missing from his secure unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.", "The chief constable of Northumbria Police will retire after 30 years of service, it has been announced.", "Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff is expected to be out for 12 weeks after having knee surgery.", "Austria winger Martin Harnik will miss Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Wales in Vienna because of a calf injury.", "Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says he wants to guide the Championship side into Europe next season as EFL Cup holders.", "A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after having issues with its nose wheels.", "A sculpture park near Wakefield has reported a 170% rise in visitors since poppies from the Tower of London went on show in September.", "Families of people allegedly killed by an Army undercover unit have been told former members of the unit who appeared on TV admitted no crimes.", "Youths gathering in an Anglesey town centre face being ordered to move, after police imposed an anti-social dispersal order in the area.", "A champion boxer who forced his way into his ex-girlfriend's flat and grabbed her around the throat has been jailed.", "A US citizen held for more than a year in North Korea has been moved back to a labour camp, US officials say.", "Three of the best known piers in England and Wales have been put on the market for a collective price of \u00a312.6m.", "South Africa head coach Russell Domingo will have to reapply for his job if he wants to stay in charge of the team after their summer tour of England.", "Singer Lil' Chris's death was caused by hanging, an inquest has heard.", "A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car police were pursuing has been described by his family \"as a respected and dedicated academic\".", "Rory McIlroy hopes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai despite suffering with food poisoning.", "Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Warwickshire in all formats of the game to focus on batting.", "French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue for libel after a senior police officer said she was harassed to change her report on the Nice terror attack.", "Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said he was mystified by his lack of pace in the Russian Grand Prix.", "Hundreds of green-fanged tube web spiders have taken over the back garden of a family home in Cardiff.", "Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland made a 2016 pre-tax profit of \u00a358m on a turnover of \u00a3176m.", "A murder inquiry has been launched in Nottingham after the death of a man.", "Two-thirds of older and disabled people in England who turn to their local councils for help with care are turned away, figures show.", "A Bolivian aviation official says she was pressured by her bosses into changing a flight report she made for the plane that crashed last week with Brazilian team Chapocoense on board.", "The trial of a group of cult members in China who beat a woman to death at a McDonald's restaurant has opened in the city of Yantai in Shandong province.", "A vigil has taken place in Cardiff Bay for French citizens and others following terror acts in Paris which left 17 people dead in three days.", "Chesterfield director of football Chris Turner has left the struggling League One club.", "More than \u00a33.8m has been spent in the last three years by civil servants using Welsh government-issued credit cards, prompting calls to reveal what the money has been spent on.", "Plans for a film studio on the outskirts of Edinburgh have been submitted to Midlothian Council.", "Tougher dog control measures could soon be implemented in Oxford.", "Stafford Shire Hall is to become an outpost of the University of Wolverhampton.", "Greenland profile", "A man has died following a two-vehicle collision on the A1 carriageway at Banbridge on Tuesday.", "Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington DC on Friday, the White House has said.", "Public transport in London is the world's most expensive, a report says.", "Gillingham are looking to add \"two or three\" more players to their squad, according to manager Ady Pennock.", "Steam, the digital gaming platform, has started offering Hollywood film rentals to users after signing a deal with production studio Lionsgate.", "Mexico officials say they have arrested six key people who allegedly helped fugitive drug cartel leader Joaquin Guzman escape from jail in July.", "A new \u00a348.5m school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open in October as planned, Highland Council has said.", "A key government policy to force all pupils to sit GCSEs in core academic subjects could be difficult for some students, the head of Ofsted has said.", "The Royal Navy has released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base.", "A missing man last spotted on CCTV footage taken at an Edinburgh train station has now been seen in central London.", "Scientists and fishermen are teaming up to try to find evidence of one of the world's rarest sharks off the Welsh coast.", "Lava from a volcano in Hawaii that has been erupting for two months, has been moving towards the coast.", "Irish state broadcaster RT\u00c9 is trying to get an injunction granted to Ireland's richest man discharged.", "Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from riding after concerns about his biological passport data resurfaced.", "A US freelance photographer who has been held in Syria for almost four years has been released, the State Department said.", "A white Chicago police officer has denied murder over the death of a black teenager who was shot 16 times in 2014.", "Newport midfielder Mark Byrne was a transfer target for Gillingham before a U-turn from manager Justin Edinburgh.", "It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new \u00a35 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.", "A 62-year-old Australian man, who says he survived without water by eating ants while lost in the Outback for six days, has spoken of his ordeal.", "Tottenham showed a \"lack of desire\" to win the Premier League with their first-half display in the 2-0 loss at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.", "Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been interviewed under caution by police following an allegation he racially abused an airline staff member at Heathrow on Monday night.", "The president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia is said to have fled the capital Sukhumi after opposition protesters seized his office.", "India's railway ministry is receiving praise on social media after it acted on a tweet from a train and provided milk to a hungry baby.", "Kasabian's latest music video has been called \"damaging\" by a mental health organisation.", "An attempt to trigger a referendum on Cardiff having an elected mayor is going to fail, a campaigner has admitted.", "The government will be lobbied by a Hampshire council over its plans to sell off an additional 56 defence sites by 2040.", "A suspected illicit cigarette-processing factory in Birmingham, thought to be capable of producing 35 million a month, has been shut down.", "Surrey Police needs to improve how it investigates crime and tackles serious and organised crime, a government inspector has said.", "The BBC has confirmed the \"global\" version of its iPlayer on-demand service will close next month.", "A cemetery's unique Victorian reception house which stored coffins to stop poor people keeping bodies in their homes, has been given protected status.", "Hundreds of cartoonists from around the world have taken part in a competition in Iran attacking Donald Trump.", "West Brom reached round three of the League Cup courtesy of a penalty shootout after being held to a goalless draw by League One side Port Vale.", "League One Rochdale have signed midfielder Keith Keane on loan from Cambridge United until January.", "A woman has been left uninjured but very upset after two men forced their way into her home and stole valuables believed to be worth thousands.", "Politicians, religious and civic leaders give their reaction to the bin lorry crash that killed six people in central Glasgow.", "England suffered a heavy 64-17 defeat by New Zealand in the final of the World Under-20 Championship in Tbilisi.", "A lorry fire has closed a southbound section of the M1 in Northamptonshire.", "Funding of up to \u00a3200m has helped create new jobs at a Highlands engineering company.", "An 82-year-old woman found murdered in her Fife home was the victim of a \"brutal and horrendous attack\", police have said.", "More international help has been arriving in Chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history.", "The US has \"strongly condemned\" Israel for approving plans for new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank.", "A Muslim couple arrested over fears that they were heading to Syria for \"extremist activities\" have won a court fight for the care of their children.", "A monument to the women chainmakers of Cradley Heath in the Black Country has been unveiled.", "Nearly 700 recruits have returned to Kenya after quitting militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.", "A 20-year-old woman has died in a crash in Richhill, County Armagh.", "Midwives in Northern Ireland staged a four-hour strike from 08:00 BST and 12:00 BST on Thursday in a pay dispute.", "Two schoolboys aged 12 and 13 have been arrested after concerns were raised about children sharing inappropriate images on social media.", "A man has been charged with murder after a former non-league footballer was stabbed to death.", "A South Korean soldier who shot dead five of his colleagues and injured seven others has been sentenced to death by a military court.", "The leader of South Africa's opposition, the Democratic Alliance, has said she will not stand for re-election at the party's congress next month.", "British middleweight champion Chris Eubank Jr has offered to give his title belt to retired opponent Nick Blackwell as a \"goodwill gesture\".", "Police in a small Alaska town mistakenly told a couple their son had been killed in a car crash, leading to an extraordinary reunion hours later.", "Swindon Town have re-signed midfielder Ben Gladwin on a 28-day emergency loan deal from Queens Park Rangers.", "Police are treating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry, as suspicious and have made an arrest.", "The family of murdered Sinn F\u00e9in official Denis Donaldson have said they do not believe the Provisional IRA killed him, or that his shooting was authorised by Gerry Adams.", "A plaque has been unveiled in memory of an Army medical officer who treated prisoners at a German concentration camp in 1945 following its liberation.", "The PSNI have found a \"viable\" pipe bomb in Dungiven, County Londonderry.", "Parents have been warned about an intruder at a Ceredigion nursery, according to a letter seen by BBC Wales.", "Home improvements retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a controlling stake in B&Q China to Wumei Holdings.", "Former Premier League striker Leon McKenzie is to fight for a national boxing title.", "RSPB Scotland has urged people to discard unwanted plastic bags carefully after a rare bird was photographed with one caught in its beak.", "Police have launched an investigation after the body of man was found in an alleyway in Rochdale.", "All but one council area of Nottinghamshire, including Nottingham city, has voted to leave the EU.", "Anthony Joshua has the \"brutish strength\" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to Audley Harrison.", "A full DNA profile has been developed of a man whose near-complete skeleton was found close to a motorway.", "Peter Houston has targeted a Scottish Championship play-off place after being unveiled as the new manager of Falkirk.", "A man died despite a rescue attempt at Penzance Harbour.", "Ryan Johnston's half-time introduction help Kilcoo edge out 13-man Scotstown 1-8 to 0-9 in the Ulster Club Football preliminary round game at Clones.", "Welsh athlete Helen Jenkins is determined to join Non Stanford and Vicky Holland in the GB triathlon team at the Rio Olympics.", "As Irish PM Enda Kenny quits as Fine Gael leader, eyes are focusing on who might succeed him.", "The second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has again been adjourned, a coroner has confirmed.", "The company that conducts most of America's rocket launches has released details of its next generation vehicle.", "American rapper A$AP Yams died of an accidental drug overdose, according to New York City's chief medical examiner.", "Doncaster Rovers boss Dean Saunders says the club are continuing to investigate claims that forward El-Hadji Diouf breached club discipline.", "Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will partner rookies in Saturday's foursomes as Europe begins day two of the Ryder Cup 5-3 behind the United States.", "Rents for premium office space in Belfast city centre have risen by 19%, but experts say still not enough to generate a boom in developments.", "The pilot of a police helicopter has called for a ban on lasers after a beam of light was shone at his aircraft as it flew over Northamptonshire.", "Scientists at Oxford University have developed a machine that can lip-read better than humans.", "Theresa May's intention at this summit was to reassure other countries that life after the EU might be tricky to work out, but in the end, all will be just fine.", "Pakistan coach Waqar Younis has dismissed suspicions over his side's performance in the third one-day international against England.", "YouTube is to scrap \"unskippable\" 30-second advertisements on the video-streaming service, from 2018.", "Defenders James Chester, Paul Dummett and Adam Matthews have been included in the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 12 June.", "Judgement has been reserved at the end of the 'gay cake' case in Northern Ireland.", "A man accused of forced labour charges told a Cardiff Crown Court he treated the alleged victim, \"like a member of the family\".", "A 21-year-old woman has died following a crash involving two cars in south Belfast.", "A hall of fame celebrating rugby union's past has been officially opened at the sport's birthplace.", "The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has appointed the first female college commander in its history.", "An armed raid at a jewellers could be linked to one at another branch three months ago, police have said.", "Sam Robson and Paul Stirling scored centuries as reigning champions Middlesex dominated the opening day against Yorkshire at Lord's.", "Police are searching for two teenage boys after one of them shone a laser into a woman's eye in Clydebank, leaving her blind in one eye.", "A psychiatrist told a murder trial the death of a nine-year-old Lincoln boy was one of the most \"callous killings\" he had ever seen.", "Reading winger Jobi McAnuff says he hopes to end his playing career at the Championship club.", "Plans have been submitted to Highland Council for the new Inverness Justice Centre.", "Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the \"jury is still out\" on manager Russell Slade.", "High Street retailer Next has been hit with a \u00a322.4m tax bill after a court found it diverted profits made in the UK offshore to avoid paying tax.", "Elusive artist Banksy has landed a South Bank Sky Arts Award nomination for his Dismaland theme park.", "A Paralympian has said an MRI scan showing no sign of a tumour that had threatened to crush his spinal cord was better than winning a gold medal.", "English rider Guy Martin will not compete in the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod for the third year in a row.", "The price of carbon hit a record low in Europe on Monday as the over-supply of emissions permits during the global economic downturn continued to undermine the carbon market.", "Ghana has demanded a $500,000 (\u00a3350,000) refund after its transport ministry spent $1m to paint more than 100 buses with portraits of the country's recent leaders.", "Four people have been arrested in the Paris region and southern France, officials say, on suspicion of recruiting militants to fight in Syria.", "Tributes have been paid to a forensic archaeologist who led the searches for the Disappeared - people murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.", "The first application to explore for shale gas in the East Midlands has been submitted to a Nottinghamshire council.", "Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a publicity photo showed her with the Arabic word for \"Allah\" tattooed on her upper body.", "A turtle, thought to be from the Gulf of Mexico, that washed up on a Cumbrian beach has died.", "Dual-code international Joel Tomkins has returned to rugby league side Wigan Warriors after a three-year spell in rugby union with Saracens.", "Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith has signed a new deal to stay with the Championship side until 2022.", "Barrow want to retain Andy Cook but expect the striker to explore opportunities in the Football League, says manager Paul Cox.", "A giant panda in Hong Kong called Ying Ying is pregnant and due to give birth within a week, officials at an amusement park say.", "Two more people have died of injuries sustained in Friday's Bucharest nightclub fire, doctors say, raising the death toll in the disaster to 29.", "A woman has admitted killing her partner who was fatally stabbed after returning home from a day at the races.", "A girl left disabled after being starved of oxygen at birth has been awarded a multimillion-pound compensation package.", "Social services staff have been criticised after a boy spent two years living with a relative who was a convicted paedophile.", "Facebook \"tramples\" on European privacy law by tracking people without consent, Belgium's privacy watchdog has said.", "Downton Abbey will be coming back for a sixth series in 2015, ITV has confirmed.", "Prime Minister Theresa May has laughed off questions about whether Chancellor Philip Hammond would still be in place after the general election.", "Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's music business-based drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after one season.", "Childline received a call from children experiencing suicidal thoughts in Northern Ireland almost every day over the course of last year.", "Plans for a new \u00a33m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by the town's council.", "Olympic great Michael Phelps swam a third 2015 world-best time in as many days in the 200m individual medley at the USA National Championships.", "A man has been arrested after two men died when a car and lorry crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.", "Fans were locked out of Baltimore Orioles' game against Chicago White Sox following violent protests in the city.", "Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a four-vehicle crash on the A465 in Monmouthshire.", "Administrators have confirmed the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in Inverclyde to businessman Jim McColl's firm, Clyde Blowers Capital.", "An associate of convicted hate preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 28 months for knocking a boy unconscious because he was cuddling a girl.", "Prisons are struggling to cope with the increasing number of elderly, sick and disabled people behind bars, a Prison Reform Trust report says.", "A 34-year-old man has been charged after windows were smashed and a doctor was verbally abused at a west Belfast health centre.", "A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck Aceh province in Indonesia on Wednesday, killing at least 97 people.", "Armagh moved to within a point of top spot with a 3-15 to 0-11 victory over Louth side in Drogheda.", "A Parisian woman is taking the French state to court for failing to protect her health from the effects of air pollution.", "New Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron says he \"absolutely supports equality\" amid questions over his Christian faith and politics.", "The High Court in Dublin is to resume a case in which a privacy campaigner is trying to block Facebook from sending EU citizens' personal data to the US.", "Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.", "A number of emergency call outs to properties being fumigated with pest control \"smoke bombs\" has prompted a warning from Dorset Fire Service.", "Tens of thousands of trees have been brought down by storms that wreaked havoc across northern and western Poland, the forestry service says.", "Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at Station Park.", "One of four men wrongly accused of murdering a British soldier has said he is \"devastated, but not surprised\" to learn that interview notes relating to the case have gone missing.", "Record-breaking Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka has returned safely to Earth after spending 879 days in orbit.", "Romania's women won gold in the women's team epee to secure their country's first medal at Rio 2016.", "Diesel car owners could get some help from the government if cities adopt new charges to tackle pollution, the prime minister has suggested.", "Dundee manager Neil McCann wants to improve the club's scouting network after a difficult summer of trying to bring in players.", "Former Wales and British and Irish Lion John Faull has died aged 83.", "Tiger Woods admits he has concerns over the physical challenge of stepping up his return from long-term injury.", "A grandmother has described how the victim of a paramilitary-style shooting in west Belfast knocked on her door asking for help after the attack.", "A man alleged to have helped run the notorious Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.", "A hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near Chichester in West Sussex.", "Zambia coach Beston Chambeshi says his team is highly motivated for Wednesday's Fifa Under-20 World Cup tie against Germany.", "Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have held surprise talks on a \"strategic partnership treaty\".", "Police have cleared hundreds of Roma people from a slum-like camp built on a disused rail line in north Paris.", "A Hampshire pier and ferry service facing an uncertain future is a \"national treasure\" which should be saved, television historian Dan Snow has said.", "The family of a young musician killed in a car crash is aiming to fulfil his lifelong ambition to buy land and create an outdoor centre for children.", "A childhood friend of Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is developing a hospital garden in his honour.", "A video of leading Philippines presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte joking about a murdered Australian rape victim has provoked a storm of protest.", "Hundreds of photos of Bristol taken for a competition to show \"24 Hours in Our City\" are on show.", "Sales and profits slipped at Boeing last year, driven largely by lower deliveries of its military aircraft.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells retained his European men's lightweight pair title as he and San Scrimgeour took gold for Britain in Brandenburg.", "India's 19-Test unbeaten run was emphatically ended as Australia beat them by 333 runs in the first of a four-match series.", "Pilgrims Bay produced a late surge to win the BetBright Chase at Kempton Park.", "A study of Irish Traveller genetics has suggested that they split socially from the settled population much earlier than thought.", "The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been reopened after a landslide led to travel on the road being restricted to between 07:00 and 19:00.", "A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and woman at a Dundee flat.", "Gordon Benson claimed Great Britain's first European Games gold medal with victory in the men's triathlon in Baku, Azerbaijan.", "A further \u00a327m for the refurbishment of the Burrell Collection has been approved by Glasgow City Council.", "The restoration of natural bends to a river in Cumbria after 200 years has spawned benefits for breeding fish.", "France has charged Yemenia Airways with manslaughter over a 2009 crash off the Comoros Islands that killed 152 people, judicial sources say.", "Five-time world player of the year Marta Vieira da Silva has joined Orlando Pride in America's National Women's Soccer League.", "Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Laurent Frayssinous.", "Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin babies, Gabriella and Jacques, the palace has announced.", "Northern Ireland's Amy Foster safely progressed to the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games but Jason Smyth and Leon Reid bowed out of the men's sprint event.", "Three people were arrested amid violent scenes as groups demonstrating against immigration clashed with anti-racism protesters in Dover.", "Nigel Farage should take a break \"as leader\" of UKIP but not a break from being leader, the party's only MP says.", "The Wedgwood Museum collection has been bought from administrators after \u00a315.75m was raised to save it.", "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the main players in the Arab world.", "The number of children and young people needing counselling about online bullying has increased by 88% over five years, according to a helpline.", "Police are hunting for a man who raped a 14-year-old girl from Hertfordshire while holding her prisoner for nearly 12 hours overnight.", "Residents in a County Fermanagh village have expressed anger at the \"heartless act\" of a driver who killed five cygnets.", "A community group has agreed a deal to take over a former Powys pub following concerns it was going to be turned into a well-known supermarket.", "Syphilis and gonorrhoea sexually transmitted infections are continuing to rise in England, new figures show.", "Britain's Chris Froome remains third in the Vuelta a Espana after a late crash caused chaos on Wednesday's stage five.", "The national air traffic service (Nats) has said a \"massive\" programme of modernisation is needed to keep up with demand for air travel.", "Hewlett-Packard says it will cut another 25,000-30,000 jobs, or 10% of its workforce, as it plans to split the company in two.", "The length of time ambulance crews spend waiting to hand over patients at hospital accident and emergency units in Yorkshire has doubled in a year.", "Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.", "British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 73.", "A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.", "The British and German economies are the \"beating heart\" of Europe, George Osborne has said as he heads to Berlin for talks on reforming the EU.", "A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory.", "The Indian state of Tamil Nadu is to hire the country's first transgender police officer after a court cleared hurdles that faced one applicant."]}