{"document": ["searched in the and of the on . said three , and a five-figure of were recovered . A 26-year-old who was arrested and charged appeared at on .", ", and , all 18 , and , 24 , appeared in a on . The four have been charged with and aggravated and , among other . An online for their has collected $ 51,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 42,500 ) so far . Denying the four , asked : \" Where was your of ? \" told the the started in a and continued at a , where the allegedly forced the 18-year-old white , who suffers from and , to drink and kiss the . allege the was earlier stolen by , who is also accused of demanding $ 300 from the 's while they held him captive , according to the . The was also told the stuffed a into his , taped his shut and bound his with a . In a made for Live which was watched of , the can be heard making derogatory against white and . The had been dropped off at a to meet - who was one of his - on 31 . He was found by a on , 3 , a after he was reported missing by his . say the each face two , one because of the 's and the other because of his .", "The 48-year-old former played for the for four . He was appointed in 2000 and has been of since 2003 . A said : \" He played a key in the twice winning to the in 2006 and 2012 . \"", "Relieved that the giant would not be broken up , they piled into the , sending them up 3 in early . dodged a - and , as the chief of , , admitted , it was for prosaic . She said with and 's giant meant there were \" practical \" to a that would delay the several . It 's the that probably most influenced 's . 's , inherited from its as a state-owned , has of about \u00c2 \u00a3 40bn and a , on some , of about \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn , even though has poured in of in recent to redress the . Senior at the say that about 80 of the relates to , the that 's would like to see spun off . Separating the as of a would be a costly - and there is the small of a on of the , that fought in the to preserve and won . Creating two new , with the of weakening the financial of one or the other , might be too hot a political , even in the of faster . 's might turn out to be overdone . plans to enforce the by introducing not only a new to run , but also new of that will give a to serve of the as much as the 's . This holds out an obvious of to come , and runs counter to the normal that in private , the is . It also carries an of the \" golden \" held by the in and , two judged important for the of the . In each , the golden is actually enshrined by specific of that give and the beyond those normally enjoyed by . 's chief , , said he thought he could reach a with , but admitted they would need to see the of the new . If they prove too much at with 's own to control - which it will still own - get ready for a and perhaps , eventually , a full .", "\" I 'm really looking forward to it - the of Scottish ,\" said ahead of his maiden . \" I hear the is good , a nice big suits the in our and our . \" The technical goes right out to the of the , but you might need a to get back to your . \" This will be second of the and his of the got off to a great with a 5-1 at last . \" It was a brilliant by the in every ,\" he recalled . \" Obviously this is on a neutral , but we 'll be looking to have a similar . \" We 'll be prepared and focused . We know it 's going to be a tough . We anticipated that the last . \" is also aware 's to last in the against ended in . \" The last there was n't so good for ,\" he said . \" But it 's a different with a different and we 'll look to take that into the . \" lost two in his at and is aiming to make it third lucky at the he joined in the . \" You have to perform - that 's what 's important and if you get little of along the then hopefully you 'll get the that you want. \" said the . \" So , for us , it 's really looking at our , which in the has been at a really high . \" My is always on my own and , if we impose our of , it can give a of to . \" Unlike , would not be drawn on this being a on the to a potential domestic . \" It 's very , very difficult to achieve ,\" he said . \" There 's been great here in the that have n't achieved that . \" But it 's the first where we 've a to win a and I 've always said that it 's a for us because it 's the first one . \" Our was to qualify for the , which we did , to make a good in the , which we 've done , and then look to get to the . \" Unless you can do that then you do n't have the to win the . \"", "The is in to an \u00a3 8m in the received from the of and ( ) . The in undergraduate will come into from 2015 . will be among both academic and non-academic and 's says no compulsory should be required . There are currently around 17,000 full-time and postgraduate at the , and around 3,800 . 's has a current of around 4,500 per . The aims to reduce the of by 1,010 over the next three . The understands that there are no immediate to close or , but that the in may put some and at . The said he recognised that some might now choose to study in other of the because of the facing 's . \" Some will now be forced to look to in other of and may not return to our ,\" he said . \" Defunding our in , particularly at a when we 're trying to grow the does not make a of . What 's happening is we 're going backwards . \" The of any is damaging to our , all teach our young critical . \" 's said the had the to damage the of the . \" The potential negative , not just on the but on the local is very significant ,\" he said . \" It 's the last we want to do , but we have to begin to focus on those where we can grow the and develop it - it 's clear we can no longer depend on the public to fund . \" If we 're not competitive we will not attract the best , and we will not attract the best . \" Just under \u00a3 100m , a of the 's , comes from the . 's was reduced by \u00a3 62m earlier this , and its for higher fell from \u00a3 203m to \u00a3 186m , a of 8.2 . announced in that it was dropping 53 . It will be cutting and , but it has not yet revealed how many .", "The said the had been referred for an urgent as their might indicate . has put the down to an external that distributes its printed . It said the wrong were added to sent out in . It has now contacted affected to apologise and explain what went wrong . , assistant of at the , said : \" It was an administrative and we apologise for any unnecessary this may have caused . \" covers , and , and is responsible for the and . The said that due to the large of it sends out it uses an external to print and distribute . It said each is coded to indicate any supplementary that needs to accompany it . said : \" Unfortunately , for a short in , the inadvertently miscoded approximately 850 resulting in a ' two-week ' being inserted with an . \" As soon as the became apparent it was stopped immediately , and of sent out . \"", "The sold the of to the for \u00a3 175,000 in 2012 and had a 15 sell-on included in the . moved for an undisclosed , but says any will go to help the cash-strapped . \" I do n't think I 'll be getting ,\" told . \" There 's more important . \" The are still looking for new having been taken over by a of local last . They were forced to close down the 's and drastically reduce the after former left the .", "of , , had been sectioned at after allegedly assaulting his . The was visited by an in 2016 about his , which a said could have added to his . His was found in the on 2 . was receiving at the 's and was later moved to the where he received the from the . Speaking at the in on , said he was \" extremely unhappy \" about the . \" I do n't think the should be able to come to the without special ,\" he said . Asked by whether the with the could have added to and , said : \" It 's quite possible - even likely \" . He said he had known for more than two and never considered him to be a . The before his , he had asked for extra because he said he was feeling agitated , but they did not change his because they could see no of . On the of 2 , told he was going to the , but 45 later his was found in the . The continues .", "The has featured only twice for the this , having signed a new one-year with the in the . Former scored three in 23 for his last . He joined the 13th-placed prior to 's against .", "The tweeted the : \" It is with deep that we say to our great , the 's greatest , our beloved . . \" joined The in 1979 , and continued with the reversioned The , who had a top 10 with . took in The in 2009 . He also headed up a called . The 's said the died in but no of was given . In a , his said : \" It is with deepest that we have to announce the very sad that our much loved and ' ' passed away on the 28 of . \" 's was the behind The and it was seen as a key to the . He was much respected in the of and his of and was seen as genuinely ground-breaking when The first hit the in 1979 . \" He was an integral of The reforming in 2008 and toured with them extensively up to the present . His to the of can not be understated and he will much missed by , and alike . \" It is the 's sincerest that they are allowed the to remember him privately . \" The comes three after the 's , , died . The , famed for their mod-style , had seven top 10 including Too Much Too Young and . and dissolved the in 1981 but they re-grouped and continue to perform and record without their former leading . was one of the first to pay to : \" A bad for good . First we lose , now that from the has passed away . . \" was born and brought up in where the was formed in 1977 . , also from , expressed his at the of the 's . Speaking to and , said : \" I always had a good with . He was always proud of being in the and what we 'd and he 'd achieved . \" He never left because he always wanted to be of the ... he was tremendous . \"", "The 14-time , playing in his first full for almost 18 , carded a level-par second of 72 , but missed the by four after his 76 . and also missed the at in . Overnight carded a 71 to put him on eight . 's and 's are tied in second on seven , while missed the as he finished on three over . is playing in just his second since 15 out with a back . \" It 's frustrating not being able to have a to win the ,\" said the 41-year-old , who won his last , the , at the same in 2008 . \" Overall was a better than . I hit it better , I putted well again . I hit a of beautiful that did n't go in , but I hit it much better , which was nice . \" 's and 's are both on two , while 's is on .", "is not supported on this \" If I push it , I could go backwards or end up back on ,\" he said . \" There is also a of . \" The former , and suffered in 2015 after contracting an airborne . He has just returned to his as a following . The is not even allowed to fly to for a on 30 . said : \" It is a long ahead . It is a tough and different to the I have had before . \" It is not like getting a , when you go to the and work a harder . \" His 28-year-old provided the - \" a noble \" as described it . has improved physically and has lost most of the he gained through his . And while there is still more to do , , who will be 's assistant for the against at on 2 , is looking forward to playing if a similar is staged in 2018 . He said : \" I still get very tired but I can do a more than I was able to two ago . If this is played next I want to be out there . \" Earlier this , another former and , , told the he felt were a long off being able to challenge for the . agrees , saying : \" From what I have seen in , I am not sure any of the will win it . They are apart . \" If you look at , or , a of the are talking about paying \u00a3 50m or \u00a3 60m for ca n't get in their . \" That tells you where they are at . \"", "'s said the was no longer necessary because , which owns , had now launched a Pakistan-specific . has denied that the can filter . Many young have welcomed the of the but some want of the with . They say there should be greater of the agreed between and the . A ( ) confirmed to the that all had been directed to open to . The posted on its on : \" \" . 's of said : \" has provided an online through which for blocking of offending can be made by the to directly . \" / will accordingly restrict to the said for within . \" However , a said for the of would not automatically be granted . \" We have clear , and when violate those , we remove them ,\" she said . \" In , where we have launched locally and we are notified that a is illegal in that , we may restrict to it after a thorough . \" She said by for to be removed would be recorded in 's . 's on was imposed by the in 2012 after the US-made of was uploaded . The amateur-made was condemned in the Muslim and sparked widespread for its mocking of the . More than a died in in . is a in and can carry the , although such a has not been carried out . revealed last that it had launched local of for , and .", "The was injured in last 's over . of told : \" With eight of the to go that is probably the last we will see of him . \" Meanwhile , , 24 , has signed a new , but the of the has not been revealed . has been plagued by since signing from in 2012 , suffering a serious which delayed his first-team by 15 . He also sustained a that ruled him out for four last . But said : \" It is certainly not too serious and he will make a full in the next eight to 10 . \"", "The doubled over the last two as found more than 100 once began receding . estimate that the have affected 450,000 in the . This have affected across at least 20 in . The north-eastern of has also seen killed and of displaced . The has announced for affected and is due to visit on . He has said the of his is to find a \" permanent \" to the that faces every . The of quoted an as saying that many affected in had begun returning to their .", "Two got married at a Scottish before sliding off down a in their . and , from , near in the , tied the at , near , on . The first 's six ago was a , so they decided it would be appropriate to get married on . took their . , who is a , and , who runs his own electrical , benefited from recent for their big . They got married in full , which includes a , and white surrounded by snow-covered . The white had been lacking over , but last 's and recent of colder have helped with the of and 's other outdoor . The newly said : \" Over the last of we have spent as many as possible skiing the at . \" We love the , the of the and the amazing for . When we heard that we could actually get married there it was a . \" The got married at the of in a officiated by from the of . \" He was totally up for marrying us on and did an amazing . He is currently trying to establish whether or not we are the first actually conducted and vowed in - and ,\" said the . \" We ca n't actually believe we are but there ca n't be many . We also managed to twist the of , who came along to take . \" The added : \" The could not have been better . Without it was the best of the - with blue and fresh , we could not have asked for more . \" They thanked the of for \" a fabulous making our possible \" , and for helping in throwing \" a of a good \" in the .", "The follows the of former , , for last . She was sentenced to 50 in after being caught falsifying of emerging . said 's were \" seriously inadequate \" . The and ( ) also said there were \" significant in its , and internal . \" But the said the took into the 's speedy in alerting the once it had discovered the illegal , which took in its emerging in 2011 . \" This deserves substantial and is the why 's are not heavier ,\" , the 's of , said in a . responded with a , reading : \" We put in a comprehensive that strengthened our and supervisory , and our . \" The is relatively small compared to the has received in the last few . In agreed to pay 391m (\u00a3 320m ) in to the for its in the attempted of and - the and of the offered , or . In the same it was fined $ 100m (\u00a3 60m ) by for of against , , , and . The was found to have removed on made to financial from such as and .", "and his were shot after confronting a of who had robbed of their mobile in a in . The were found in of and an unlicensed . has one of the highest in the with more than 50,000 reported every . \" are questioning the to see if they can link them to the ,\" says the 's . are still pouring in for the who was also a on local . Those who knew the have described him as a selfless .", "told they heard a being fired near at about 09:00 . and there and at the nearby have been ordered to stay indoors while investigate . said it \" beggars \" it would happen at a . of the told the was fired at a dark coloured by a white in a grey hooded who was on . A said local had been checked and \" has sought medical for caused by a \" . She said were making house-to-house and studying of the . said the \" appears to be targeted \" and was particularly worrying as \" a could have been seriously injured or worse \" . He said wanted to hear from those inside the \" so we know they are safe \" . 's said her were \" safe and unaware of the \" . \" The was not evacuated , the is continuing as normal and a for some took as planned ,\" she said .", "The , 29 , was third overall at the of a promising first - traditionally her strongest - with a of 3,928 . On she leapt a respectable 6.16m in the long but threw a disappointing 42.60m in the . With the 800m remaining , she has 5,544 , still on for the 6,200 needed to qualify for the . is competing in her first since winning at 2012 . A top-12 and of 6,075 would also secure for this 's . 's and leads ahead of the final , remarkably achieving three personal on her to a 5,834 . Follow latest and on the second of the on the on , 31 .", "Only 90 will be returned to - compared to 108 from previous . Out of the 228 , 70 are . The will take on 2 . Once again the is fielding the most with 38 , followed by in on 34 . The has 24 , while the and have 21 each . The is fielding 18 , the , 14 , the 13 and Before seven . The has five in the , the four , the and the three each and the one . There are also 22 independent in the . , and have the largest of standing , with 15 going on the in each . The with the fewest - nine - is and .", "We received that from who is planning a to in . He asked : \" Should I get my now or should I wait ? Will there be much between now and then ? \" , from , had this : \" The does not give financial , but here are a few to bear in ... \" The between the and the reflects the of about the relative of the two . \" Since the in the has fallen about 18 against the on the that is likely to be stronger in the than the and that are falling while the next in is expected to be upwards . \" But it 's always possible that could happen to change that - there is a presidential in the in , for . The of that could make a considerable to the . \" You do not necessarily have to put all your in one - there is also the to hedge your and buy of your now and of them just before you go , as long as you are not going to be hit by extra for carrying out two . \" It is always worth shopping around when buying - avoid buying your at the last at the . There are of online that will help you get the most possible for your , even if it is fewer than you would have got a few ago . \" We asked to send in about the recent of the and of the 100 . chose 's : \" I 'm planning on going to in , should I get my now or wait ? Will there be much between now and then ? \" Take a at some of the other you 've wanted us to answer : Why does the spend on ? Could the take over existing ? Does affect the ? If you are reading this on the , you will need to visit the mobile of the to submit your .", "More than 300 entered of the with the being decided by in on . , 19 , from , is a at . said she was shocked to be declared the . \" I 've always dressed a crazy ,\" she said . \" I do n't know why I wanted to be different , I guess I just always choose to wear what I like and look how I want to look rather than worrying about what 's in . \" She said she now plans to pursue a in . \" I 'm only 5ft 3in tall and I never wanted to look normal so I never thought I could actually be a , I had n't realised how big the alternative is . \" said : \" There is a of and for from so we wanted to create that would celebrate the different we have , we are proud of what we are achieving . \" The was held at in .", "The is currently located in of the at . The of the has started consulting over a proposed to . insist it is a local to the and \" belongs \" at . The was created by , depicting a royal marching across the during the 1982 and was unveiled by former prime , , in 1992 . The of the ( ) is planning to relocate the from to as of a \u00c2 \u00a3 13m funded and wants to take the with it . An online against moving the has attracted more than 1,800 , saying it was \" now considered as our local \" . who set it up said : \" The imposing of The needs and adequate to be fully appreciated , and the of the in the major that the represents could n't be achieved in an interior . \" also voted to express a \" clear \" that the remain where it it is . Its stated : \" The has graced the for many , serving as a of both the and of the historical with . \" said the new would potentially have 750,000 a , compared to 40,000 at the current . \" He would be seen by far more at the historic , but of he was built for here [ ] and is of here . \" He said no had been made and it would consider all submitted to its public .", "It is believed to be the first alleged of the and ( ) . The appeared at the accused of failing to contact a and report to a twice in . The has refused to comment on the . replaced in 2012 . The - who can only be referred to as - was one of nine British subject to a when the were last disclosed in . The is not aware of else who has appeared in charged with a of a . The said : \" We do not comment on individual . The investigate all of and will prosecute where that is viable . \" Those subject to a can be ordered to stay overnight at a specified and report to a every . Other include a on contacting particular , going to certain and and travelling abroad . has argued that have \" weakened \" public against . In , the independent of , , said could prove less effective than because they can be imposed for a maximum of two only . The heard that is charged with two of breaching 23 of a . The are that on 16 he failed to contact a , and on 27 failed to report to a . , who has a grey and was dressed for the in a white , cannot be named nor have his published for legal . The asked for a provisional of 2 to be set for a and . The was granted unconditional although he remains subject to the imposed by his . A was not set .", "The takes over the from , whom he assisted last alongside his at . took 199 in 63 first-class for between 2010 and 2014 and retired last because of a . He will also coach the 's under-19 and under-21 . \" This is a great to continue working with ,\" he said . \" The 's is fast-growing and I am looking forward to bringing my own from professional and using them to help the . \" , 's most-capped 's and of the under-17 , will take on with the senior , under-21 and under-19 .", "The 23-year-old younger of 's , had been on with the . has also had at , , , , , and , making over 50 in the . He is available for 's One as they travel to on . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "About 47 of working earn less than the , which is being introduced to combat and . But say it could put more out of as might not be able to afford the higher . The says it will consult on the , but hopes to introduce a minimum within two . Announcing the , which was proposed by a of , the 's said : \" We are now a closer to finalising on the national minimum . All social will now decide what their is . \" He said the was not endorsing the proposed as a , but wanted to set a minimum for . are politically sensitive in the , where the official is close to 25 . One reckoned the was only about a of the needed for the of a typical South African working-class . of the of told a : \" You would need 12,000 to sustain a basic . \" The , 's ruling , supported the calling it \" credible and clearly supported by clear \" . However , the , the 's third largest political , said the \" favours at the of \" . It called for a higher minimum of at least 4,500 . faces a possible to by next , with remaining over violent . 's currently rates two above , with a negative , while and & have it just a above \" \" . However , said : \" We have made tremendous on the ,\"", "Only 50.5 were possible at the , but still got at regular with taking two for 53 . 's 110-ball saw him pass 1,000 in 2016 . lead the three-Test 1-0 , having beaten by 39 in the at the . was undone by after making just nine and , after and batted through the of the , edged the last before from to give his second . scored 11 off 13 with a four and a six before being brilliantly caught at short by off . bowled off an inside to end a third-wicket of 51 . The came shortly before the scheduled and the meant that came early and play never resumed .", "It was the first the ( ) had been used to select two in the same in a . The topped the in the , while won the second from the . The was called after of the and of the stood down . The 's topped the with 2,290 . He was elected at one in the with a in of 7.6 from . 's received 1,623 , ahead of of the on 1,381 . was elected at 10 of the after other had been considered . The was called after stood down when she was elected as the for and in . , of the , resigned from her to concentrate on standing for the in next 's . The for the was 25.1 . The also held the on with a of 6.3 from . The 's secured 1,540 , ahead of 's on 945 . The was called after was elected as for the Midlothian .", ", 20 , featured for during the 2015-16 while 19-year-old has played for . Both have been included in for 's . play , and in in . \" They both enjoyed a very successful and will take into the forthcoming ,\" general of said .", "Eleven were killed when a crashed into on the on 22 . chief said the was \" extremely challenging \" for . have also finished their at the , but their are continuing . said the had been \" truly humbled \" by the of it had received . \" The and of at and continue to be with the and of those killed and injured in the ,\" he said . He anticipated that would be the last his worked at the and wanted to thank for the \" over-whelming we have received \" . \" In my 27 of I have never experienced such an of and as I have received on of and over the last few - from and , to of in the , and from at a of our local ,\" he said . , of , said : \" Our and have been meticulous and have worked hard over the past three to find for the victims' . \" We have now finished on the , however our continues . \" On , the ( ) said it wanted to interview 51-year-old as soon as possible . that , a former from , near in , had left have not been confirmed by . An initial said was thrown clear of the during the later of the , but it is not clear whether he initiated his . After the , the 's issued a which said they were devastated and deeply saddened by the of and sent and heartfelt to the of all those affected . said the single closed westbound of the was expected to be reopened to next but will stay up on the indefinitely for on the to be completed .", "confirmed a private was held on but said little else . The of 500 was said to include , and . The tweeted about a by and . The civil and wrote it was \" awesome \" to see them both on the . did say the paid for the on \" their own \" , but would not say how much the cost . The reported that , and were among the celebrity .", ", , , , , ,", "The led the , which helps prevent financial against the elderly . After an interviewed , the 's said he was satisfied she wanted a second published . The new - Go Set a - will be the 88-year-old American 's first since the . The surprise prompted some was manipulated into publishing the decades-old , which was discovered by her in the 's last . \" We closed the . Let 's just say that she was able to answer we asked to our from our of ,'' said , . The reported that the was sparked by from a that the investigate whether was capable to have consented to the of the . herself was \" extremely hurt \" by she was manipulated , her said . To Kill a was published in 1960 and has sold more than 40 million around the . Go Set a was written before To Kill A , and features many of the same , with an adult returning to her native from to visit her .", "blamed and the Syrian for intensifying their against . Last , the warned it would halt the unless stops bombing the of . said it regretted the , accusing it of shifting the for the of last 's . , 's largest in the , has come under heavy aerial since the of the two ago . The main in the rebel-held eastern of the was hit in an for the third in a , said on . of , including , have died since launched an to take full of after the week-long lapsed . Some 250,000 are trapped in eastern . In a , said : \" The is suspending its in bilateral with that were established to sustain the of . \" Unfortunately , failed to live up to its own ... and was also either unwilling or unable to ensure Syrian to the to which agreed . \" Rather , and the Syrian have chosen to pursue a military ,\" said , admitting that \" this is not a that was taken lightly \" . He said and Syrian 's had been \" targeting of critical such as , and preventing humanitarian from reaching in , including through the 19 on a humanitarian \" . strongly denies of its own or Syrian in the deadly , and says the was caused by on the and not by an . In to the of the , Russian foreign said : \" We regret this by . \" \" simply did not fulfil the key of the to improve the humanitarian around . \" After failing to fulfil the that they themselves worked out , they are trying to shift on to else ,\" said . She also said that the had failed to divide jihadist in from the moderate . and the were due to convene in to try to co-ordinate against jihadist , but American were told to return home . The also said that it would withdraw \" that had been dispatched in of the possible of the ( ) \" . However , the two would keep talking about in to avoid unnecessary .", "The at 's , , posted the on in after a traditional failed to attract any . It was viewed more than 30,000 and attracted across the . The new , , will take up the next . The , written by the with the of the 's musical , listed the the new needed . It begins with the : \" If you want this have a cheery . Make us laugh , smile , play , tell . \" Other included \" You must be kind , you must be fair . you will share . \" or it does n't matter - but you must enjoy ! \" It ends with a by the to keep the tidy and not to \" talk in your , we 'll be good you 'll see \" .", "The , 24 , changed the from the but fell awkwardly in . His initially said would miss six . But , after seeing a , the \u00a3 55m former said : \" I 'll be out for around 10 . \" could miss up to 13 and , including the with on 28 , both of the last-16 with and the on 20 . The is 's second top with 12 this , four behind . added : \" told me the only he can do is work hard and come back . is sad . His is to always be playing . \" scored one and set up another to help to a 4-3 over the . , who repeatedly tried to lift up as he lay injured , used social to say sorry . \" I would like to apologise to for my to his ,\" said the 25-year-old . \" In the of the I did n't realise he was badly hurt . I wish him all the best and a speedy . \"", "The , a 27-year-old Swiss , also died on , they said . Five other were hurt when the set to the and stabbed in the on . Two of them , including a six-year-old , are in a serious . have said that , as yet , there is no of a political or terrorist for the . The occurred around 14:20 ( 12:20 ) as the was approaching , between the of and . Several were on at the . In a ( in ) , cantonal said from inside the showed the , armed with a , pouring out a flammable . Six - including the - were injured . The seventh injured was a on the who pulled the burning off the . Forensic are analysing the flammable and the of the . said the lived in a adjoining . His has been searched . On the of the , say the acted alone .", "The was flying at about 900ft ( 275m ) and was about 2 ( 3km ) from when it happened on , said . and conducted a of the but have not found the or . called it \" an incredibly concerning \" . Latest on the near , and other from and \" The close of the to the shows a complete by the for public and we are appealing to the for to help us track down this reckless ,\" said . A for confirmed a had flown within the adjacent to the final to the as the flew in from carrying 62 . \" Although on this there was no of , ( ) reported this to the as the should not have been flown in that without and posed a potential to incoming ,\" she said . A for the said : \" , whether involving two , or a and an , need to be fully investigated to establish the of involved . \" The , which investigates , said it had not received any official of the yet . said it would \" work closely \" with all relevant to help identify the of any which could jeopardise . of any small unmanned must not fly them within 50m ( 164 ) of any , or which is not under the 's , unless they have obtained from the , according to the 2009 . have shown there were more reported near between and over the in the first six of 2016 than the of the previous .", "The grey was found at on . The Scottish removed the from and took it to the 's where it was cut free . said : \" The of tangled around the 's was the largest I have ever seen . It was a lovely watching the heading back into the . \" He added : \" He was so large and heavy it took three of our to lift him and take him to our in where we cut the away . \" If he had n't been discovered and freed the would eventually have cut through his which could have resulted in or other . \" Thankfully there were no in this and we were able to release him relatively quickly . \" This was a very happy and we 're so glad we were able to help . \"", "The of , and has been catalogued by the of . The includes from and . , who was known as , died in 2011 at the of 96 . He published several on his around the and one of the most prized in the is the only surviving from his 1933 across . The provided the for his most famous , ' A of ' , ' Between the and the ' and ' The ' . of which occupy 16 of took a to be catalogued by . Along with from notable 20th they also uncovered literary , and what appears to be an unpublished on the of an . spent much of Two on Nazi-occupied . During his there he disguised himself as a to organise against the . He led one of the most daring of the in 1944 , capturing the of the German on . The 1957 starring ' by ' was based on the . , the who worked on the , said : \" It is a of the colourful of a celebrated . He was undoubtedly a of his and his have , if , grown in over the . \" There has already been a of in the and we expect this to increase now among and interested in the 20th more generally . \" The is working on digitising some of the so it can be viewed on its . They are also considering holding and of the so more will be able to see it . The was given to the by the . was 's and the also supported the of the .", ", who is of the 's , won 56.7 of the , while the only other , , from the , had 43.3 . The is the third largest in the with more than 600,000 . Current general announced in the he was standing down after almost a in the . has 35 at the and led the 13-week and in 2009 - the longest in the 's . He said he was \" proud and humbled \" to have been elected . \" I will repay in me by leading a that fights for our , their and , every of every . \" also paid to for his \" that has made the of the \" . of the have yet to be agreed . The is one of the three largest to the and is a significant financial to the locally and nationally .", "The , which is owned by its via the , declared a total of \u00a3 1.642m for 2014-15 , mainly due to the of to . The in 2015 for \u00a3 1.75m , was a for the . The came in the same that the were forced to get an to pay . In 2014 meant the stepped in to pay the and forced into a which was only lifted in of that . The 's also show that had a of shareholders' of \u00a3 761,000 , compared to a of \u00a3 880,000 the previous and reduced their by almost 5 . are hoping to redevelop after being given last . \" The have agreed in broad how the from the should be spent to improve the of the in with its and underlying and these are now being developed in for further ,\" said a .", "The was training at for the in . , of the , confirmed \" the throwing collapsed on the 's \" . , 36 , was pronounced dead at the at 17:20 on . The and and are investigating the , which was witnessed by some of 's and . \" I can say the throwing collapsed on the 's - but how that happened , we can not say ,\" said on . is not supported on this The said two of the 's personal were present but were not involved . , a of five , was preparing to compete in the at the . \" He was ambitious , he wanted to win for his and for his . He had a of within the , \" said , adding that the will still compete in . \" The were very close to , they trained in the same in the . It 's really very difficult for all of us but we promised ourselves that we are going to continue and we are going to win for , bringing the best from the . \" We are working with the to get them in a better , obviously will be better than , we believe will be even better for them . \" The said \" were called shortly after 17:00hrs on ... to of a seriously injured at \" . It added : \" At this early , it is believed the was struck by a which formed of at the . \" said : \" We are all truly devastated by this tragic and the of . \" made his Paralympic at 2016 , finishing sixth in the and seventh in put F34 . 2017 , which starts on , was to be 's second . At the 2015 in , , he finished fifth in the F34 and eighth in put . He was set to compete in the put , and F34 . A of will be held in of during 's at .", "The of last saw across several of the , but there are about rising , and falling . reported their highest in new for nearly three , with still strong . In , there was also a to - though only just , and despite being squeezed . In , reported improving in the final of the , but falling . to the , carried out for the of by at the of , were more positive than the economic published on . The and the showed in the Scottish , while covering an earlier of 2016 than the . While the from the Scottish has seen a sharp in the past , the found a more positive , with in private commercial . However , there are , with having in finding skilled . Retail flagged up rising . is expecting an . The weakest of the five covered was and . More in that large of the saw fall than saw it rise . But on , say is expected to increase . , of the of economic , said : \" Our latest economic shows that many Scottish will have a successful 2017 , with remaining positive for many . \" This is good for the , particularly as we continue to deal with international and domestic including a and a potential of between and the of the . \" The overall remains positive but expect to be challenged by rising , of and , higher impacted by and a likely of as the goes on . \" On the converse , are continuing to report a healthy in , though perhaps not quite matching up to their initial . \" could hardly be more finely balanced and that rocks the could change the from half full to half empty . \" in 2017 will largely depend upon the of to manage and for to remain strong in the of to real . \"", "on the , in , was built in 1817 but since 2005 it has been fenced off because of falling . The is using ground-penetrating on the 174ft ( 53m ) to see under its . , from the , said the was \" crucial \" . Built on one of the highest of the , the was put up as a to the of 's military at the of . But according to the , it has been struck by twice in its and renovating the very tall every 10 to 15 has been \" expensive and unsustainable \" . , the 's , said the was one of several being carried out to \" understand this unique and somewhat complex \" . \" We have been using and which have already surprised us by showing that it does n't flex in the quite as much as we expected ,\" he said . \" The ground-penetrating seeks to identify and in the under the but should also tell us more about the which were used to build the . \" from the detailed will also be used to build a of the and help with a \" more effective \" .", "The 's biggest posted net of \u20ac 1.26bn (\u00a3 1.1bn ) in the six to 31 - up 8 on the same last . jumped from \u20ac 9.4bn to \u20ac 10.5bn , an of 11 . The 's can now be bought online in around 40 , it said . operates eight in 90 including & , and . How 's became the richest in the - for two and chief emphasised the 's in , saying the had expanded its online to 11 new in the . It also launched mobile in all its Spanish , with the of \" extending the to other \" . This will encompass online for all of its and a specific for the whole called . said : \" Both our online and bricks-and-mortar are seamlessly connected , driven by such as mobile , and other technological that we will continue to develop . \" , an at , said the 's \" online \" was important . \" I expect over the they may find they do n't have to open as many to maintain their strong as the online will become increasingly important ,\" he said . \" And while is available in many of the in which they operate [ online ] , most of their other are n't readily available outside online . \" So there is a big there for them to expand online into new . \" The also said it had benefited from steady economic in , where gets about a of its . That 's grew at an of 3 in the to the of , according to the Spanish . All of the 's increased their international during the , with 83 new opened in 38 . In a with , it said it would open 6-8 of new over of the . The 's strong sets it apart from European & and , which have blamed unseasonal for below-forecast this .", "It comes as a , The is being shown on about nine Asian jailed for grooming teenage in the in 2012 . , who was abused by the from the of 13 until she was 17 , said the of by Asian was still going on in . ( ) said it was \" committed \" to tackling . , whose is protected as a of a , told 's said she was walking in through an Asian a of ago . \" I was still getting pulling over to me asking me if I wanted to go for a ,\" said . \" It 's not bothering them . I do n't actually think they understand that they are doing wrong . \" the 's former chief who brought the against the said five on some nationally are still not being listened to . overturned a not to charge nine who ran the . He said there have been \" significant \" in and into the and were more confident in reporting and they are getting better . However , he said : \" nationally are still telling me are not being consistently listened to and told the is too difficult to bring [ to ].\" He also said some of historical were being told that were focusing on current , too . said must be more proactive and more \" collaborative \" was needed between the , and other and voluntary . said it was \" vital \" they learnt the from the and it was \" absolutely committed \" to working with across to tackle the sexual of and young . \" We have been working tirelessly for many to prevent this abhorrent from happening and provide to and their . \" said public \" collectively failed \" the but have \" been learnt from it \" . , chief of , said : \" Since 2012 the and its have worked to make the needed , to increase , prevent , challenge those who wish to exploit and better support and . \" The which features from for the first follows a One Three . :", "of brought down a suspended and damaged in the at about 22:40 on . had hoped for a but it is now closed \" until further \" . have been helping with the . poured through from a , leaving the top under three of and \" significantly \" damaged . A said : \" Our are working around the to get the open as quickly as possible and we 're sorry for the this has caused to our . \"", "have fallen in recent since the moved from in to in in 2012 . have moved home back to for the upcoming . \" I think there is some to do because I think in the early of moving have had a pretty poor ,\" told . \" That could be queuing up on a , could n't get away from the , could n't buy a at the . Listening to the we 're going to do to change that , if come down from now they will find a very different . \" The is still well away from where it needs to be but there are to develop that . \" , 69 , a former and British and returned to - a he served as both a and - after 's of the in . He has promised to be active in his , despite his with his . \" What I really want to see is a very strong of that can compete at the highest ,\" he added . \" That is my for giving up the precious that I have got , and that is my . \" I think what was lacking before was that the were n't very often represented at home and away , and I think that is very wrong - will travel to away and . \" One of the standout from 's new 10-man was that of will have a on it . However , insists there will be no of with a of the also working as a . \" It will put no whatsoever on the , we 're here to support him ,\" continued . \" We 'll be working very closely with to make sure we can achieve the which we all hold - if we went down we 'd still be with them . \" also confirmed they are close to signing a new and are still looking for another to add to their , with former and on with the .", "The about a 's mythical in ancient took an estimated $ 81.1m (\u00a3 65.3m ) on its . That makes it the second-highest Thanksgiving of all , behind 's , which took $ 93.6m (\u00a3 75.3m ) on its in 2013 . Some have said that and its are appropriating . withdrew a 's promoting the after branded it \" \" , or of their by stereotyping . The , a full-body with brown , traditional , and , represented the , considered a and by many . said it regretted any . 's and Where to Find Them fell to second on the , taking $ 65.8m (\u00a3 53m ) . surrounding 's failed to spark a huge of in his Two , which also stars . It took $ 18m (\u00a3 14.4m ) over the long , having cost $ 85m (\u00a3 68.5m ) to make , landing in fourth behind . , 's of domestic , said the appealed to \" older \" but noted those \" do n't storm the [ on ] one \" . \" I think they 're going to take their ,\" he added . fared worse - his first in 15 , the 1950s Do n't Apply , took just $ 2.2m (\u00a3 1.7m ) . The is 's first directed since 1998 's . 2 , released 13 after the original and again starring , did a little better , taking $ 9m (\u00a3 7.3m ) . Follow us on , on @ , or on at bbcnewsents . If you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", "The third , who received a in the first , beat the American 6-3 6-1 in just over an . , the 18 , hit 11 on her to a comfortable . The will play 's , who beat in her second-round , in the last eight on .", "It happened on the in the at about 14:05 on . The two have been taken to for for their . have appealed for with about the to contact them .", ", who won the in 2015 , reached the of the 2016 before being knocked out by eventual . The told he would play in this 's if his gives before his first-round against on . \" The only I 'd ask myself is if she actually went on the ,\" he said . \" Obviously it could happen and even now I still have n't got an to that . I 'd have to talk it over with my and see where we go . \" , the current two , said his has been supportive in wanting him to play at the , which gets under on . He continued : \" She 's had two previous and she 's been in for 10 , so obviously if that 's the then I 've got a of to ' pot some and hurry up ' sort of . \" As I say , we need to talk the next or two because we thought it 'd be out by now . \" But being the stubborn it 's going to be , I think she 's a too comfortable in my . \"", "The considered an urgent on and voted to remove the from the to the . The said because of the of further , the could not wait for to begin , as is usually the for a listed . on the \" dangerous \" is expected to take about three . of the , which was already closed to the when it gave on 1 , will be saved , catalogued and stored . , chief of the , told the : \" The dangerous of the means dismantling it is dangerous . \" Up to \u00c2 \u00a3 650,000 has been set aside for the but were told there was no of knowing how much it would cost .", "The \u00c2 \u00a3 21.5m at , by the , has been widely criticised as ugly and spoiling the of 's . The to ( ) will put its to a on 23 . The five-storey provide 439 . The overlook a of and a . is seeking the judicial on the of not carrying out an environmental . The has said the was late as the had already been built , and it believed the 's were unfounded . , of , said the \" should under no be rushed into making further poor \" . \" We are not yet convinced that the on has been met ,\" she added . \" And the currently suggested by the are woefully inadequate to counteract the devastating of the on and 's historic . \" A few growing to approximately half the of the in 15 will not meet the of ' hiding the in and softening their in ' \" such as the of the and light still need to be addressed . \" A of said it had \" thought carefully \" about how best to mitigate the of the . \" Some have already been put in , and with the and are ongoing about what more we can do ,\" he added . \" The will be making at the interim in on the procedural raised by the . \" In the , we intend to finish and occupy the by the of the next academic in as planned . \" The said last it was carrying out an independent into the . An online against the on has attracted more than 3,000 .", "On , a human was found alongside the by doing a of the four , near . confirmed the was that of an and had been there for at least two . said \" further skeletal \" were found close to the . The eastbound remains partially closed . said : \" We are in the very early of this and are ongoing . \" He said further forensic and were being carried out and had been in with neighbouring asking for about who had been reported missing . Archaeological may be called in to help with the . \" This will be a lengthy but we will continue to update the in due ,\" he added .", "is not supported on this , 23 , was awarded a unanimous - two scoring the 30-27 , and one 29-28 . , 24 , is the first from . The , 20 , and 19-year-old Cuban took after losing in the . Find out how to get into with our special . Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "The and says the 1.1 offered by the is \" an \" . But the and said the was \" disappointing given the very good \" . representing are balloting on the , with possible in the . says its have suffered a of 14. since 2009 and complains the on has come as enjoyed hefty . \" A 1.1 is an to hardworking , especially in of the 5 have enjoyed while holding down ,\" said general . \" Industrial which impacts on is never taken lightly , but feel that they have been left with no . \" If the wish to see a swift to this , and avoid further , they need to come back to the with a much-improved . \" are still running at some , though many have finished . A for the anticipated only \" minor and minimal \" . \" Even for which are still taking at some higher , more than nine out of 10 that a to low is anticipated ,\" said the . \" We would like to see the consulting its on the final . \" The say the is \" at , and , for some , beyond , a of for higher and the very best that will be available this \" . They maintain the of the means the worst paid will get a of more than 5 . They say they have also offered on and on improving lower for female . But says it rejected the 1.1 as it was only a marginal on the original 1 on which it had balloted . of represented by and are also under on the improved , with both recommending it be rejected . Any would take during the , said a . is planning in : are also working to contract from - refusing to set extra , cover for absent or work .", "The known as , or ' ' by some , will stay with the second past his 49th . first played for Brazilian in 1986 , so his will see his over 30 . \" I 'm thankful to the and who always offer me ,\" said , who scored 55 in 89 for . \" I 'll continue to give I have and strive ,\" added the former and . Perhaps unsurprisingly , holds the as the oldest in Japanese - a in a second four after his 48th . He was particularly prolific in guiding to the 1998 , scoring 14 in , and last played for the national in 2000 . His , which started when he moved to to play aged 15 , is one of the longest in . Last ex-England registered himself as a for - where he is - at the of 49 but opted out of playing in a local .", "The are reported to have used tear against stone-throwing . They also surrounded the of , 22 , who was killed fighting Indian last . Separately seven are reported to have been killed in across the of that divides Indian and Pakistani-administered . on the Pakistani told that five died in Indian , while Indian say two were killed by Pakistani . There has been an armed in the Muslim-majority against by since 1989 , although has waned in recent . The disputed is claimed by both and in its . blames for fuelling the , a denied by . is credited with reviving the of in Muslim-majority Indian-administered , becoming a for young . 's started as tried to walk to his in - where he died in a with the last . His led to a of during which of were killed . The Indian imposed heavy in the for the , stopping and sealing off . There have also been of being injured in a militant overnight on .", "The , who is the younger of eight , joined in 2011 after six at . won the and reached the at after joining from . \" I 've enjoyed my at , I did n't really want to go anywhere else ,\" said the forward . \" It was the right to leave on my own , which not many do . \" I 've had the for these last few just to enjoy and savour them and I 've been really lucky . \" He will now take up his at in after the final of the at on . \" The last few , I 've been tailoring my towards , so taking a few , getting into , and ,\" he added . \" The just came up at the right . It felt like the right for me and my . \"", "at , , was closed more than three ago and a found some were treated like . It has emerged that at least seven patients' were told may have contributed to their . said an was under . It acknowledged the of provided could have been a contributory to the of some . A of on the has never been published although it is understood it has been completed . of one told they were told medical on the was inadequate . seen by the included an from the to the , who do not want to be identified . One said : \" found that there were in the which may have contributed to the . \" It added that \" the is very much engaged in a thorough for the about the \" . But the were unconvinced had been learned and said remained unanswered and , as far as they were aware , had lost their , let alone be prosecuted . The of pushed the already troubled into close by the . It remains in special which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 5m a . An initial into what happened at was published almost three ago . Two more are due later this . One of them , being compiled by the and ( ) , is expected to include of a of . But , who leads the in , said it should be released as soon as possible . \" It may stop this elsewhere ,\" he added . A said : \" We acknowledge that the of provided could have been a contributory to the of some . \" Whether this is the will be established as of the independent , which is currently being carried out . \" In to establish whether or not the of contributed to any patients' , every of every 's has to be investigated . \" This is a complicated and consuming , but must be carried out in to determine whether or not the provided was a contributory to any patients' . \" Every involved in the will receive an individual detailing the provided to their . These will also help inform the of the . \"", "from committed the ' single ' on in on 2 2014 . showed his first being knocked unconscious . A second suffered a double . appeared at on . He was sentenced to 14 in . The heard that the had 51 previous including eight . He had also been assessed as presenting a high of reoffending . The told he had inflicted \" gratuitous \" on two \" completely innocent \" of the . The second was punched and knocked out when he came across the first lying unconscious on . Both later regained in .", "\" made a poor that has resulted in a negative on and her ,\" said . , 33 , will now miss on 8 against and 13 against . This , domestic against were dropped . In 2012 , , tested positive for a banned a before winning a second . She maintained she was not aware the pre-menstrual she had been prescribed contained a banned and she was cleared of any . The are preparing for the 's in in when they will aim to win their third following in 1991 and 1999 . The latest surrounding concerns a being held by the in , . 's , former , was arrested on of driving under the in in the early of . claimed was in the but she was not cited in the by . tweeted : \" I think it 's best for me to take a , decompress from the of the last several and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute to the . \"", ", 31 , had worked at The in for five before he was arrested . , and joined in admitting the same , between 1 and 4 last , at . They are due to be sentenced on 15 . on this and more from The heard the involved the of 1kg ( 2.2lb ) of . , a at the , confirmed they did not represent - who had set up his own and was set to leave the . \" I still find it hard to believe he could do as stupid as involve himself in and who were heavily involved in ,\" said . \" I 'm just at a . You do question you 've ever believed about . \" also described , of , , as a \" lovely \" who was \" incredibly hard-working \" . \" He would put in after ,\" he added . \" He was keen to progress and impress . \" appeared at the via to admit to supply the . , of no fixed , , of , , and , of , , were remanded in following the .", "is the set up to assist growing in traditional . works in the industrial and commercial from its in and . Its include , and . The , which already employs 80 , is looking to create the new in the and as of an . The comes after secured a of long-term , including off-site of and . The and from will help fund 's . A new senior will be created which , along with , will have a in the . said : \" We had a tremendous to more than double the with the recent and this from will allow us to make that happen as smoothly as possible . \" regional said : \" This long-standing , growing will now have the to continue along with the necessary from to allow this to happen . \"", "The 70-year-old joined anti-tunnel to fight the , saying they placed the 's wider at . The by the was staged outside a in earlier . said it was working to find \" the best possible \" . The public on its for putting the into a 1.8-mile ( 2.9km ) dual runs until 5 . says the would cut and improve . The has the of and the . Speaking outside the of at , suggested a longer . He said : \" I think the we are being offered is a really old-fashioned . \" It assumes what needs to be protected is that little of . \" He said it was only over the past three had begun to comprehend the wider of the . \" That 's a high-class ,\" he said . \" Once it 's gone , we 'll never get that back . \" If you were going to protect , you would n't put a in halfway down the . \" The wants other to reduce to be fully explored . said : \" We want a genuine with real . \" Both of 's involve huge and damaging new gouged into our most important ancient . \" A for said : \" We fully understand the cultural of the and one of the broad of the is to help conserve and enhance the by removing the and of and make it easier to reach and explore . \"", "The joined the from in 2013 and has made 119 for the One . He helped them to a third-placed this , before they were beaten by in the . told the : \" With the the finished , it 's a of unfinished and it was disappointing for all of us . \"", ", 33 , of , , was charged on with the of his 29-year-old , , of the same . A special on 24 gave the of as a to the . 's next of have been informed . is due to appear at on 4 .", "French expressed \" deep \" at the of in a . Most of the dead in the were foreign . Two of the were killed by . A huge against is planned for that will finish outside the . is among those expected at the in the . : 's of of ' ' under The 's planned earlier this was postponed over . and were allowed in on , with the general to be readmitted . The , claimed by ( ) , was the deadliest in since the which led to the of long-serving in 2011 . Over 20 have been arrested in with the , although just two are thought to have carried out the . They are said to have been trained in in an controlled by . The Tunisian , , has admitted \" \" in the 's and has dismissed six over the .", "The , released by geopolitical and taken on 31 , shows how almost all the at the , on the southern of , have been razed . have also been damaged , with wide carved into them and placed along their , 's says . and - where - have also been sabotaged . About 50,000 Iraqi , Kurdish , Sunni Arab and , assisted by US-led , are currently involved in a military to reclaim from . have already retaken of and surrounding the and are currently consolidating made in 's eastern . The to the has rendered the worthless as an for attacking , says . or are typically a primary for on , since over them can deny or enable logistical , having a considerable on the of . However , have ensured there is little left for approaching to gain by taking the , says . IS employed a similar at , 70km ( 43 ) south of . However , the dug there only partially covered the main , says , and it was restored to within of the Iraqi recapturing the in . By , 's could be much more difficult to repair . Mirroring the at , have also levelled almost every at . says that as well as preventing Iraqi and their from using the , the also serves to clear the of for defensive on the northern of the . Along with restoring the , Iraqi would need to rebuild , and other in to use it as a logistical . In to the widespread elsewhere in the , the show how the 's remains relatively intact - to its to . After the captured in 2014 , they continued to operate the , says , and more than a later , executed the 's when she refused to run it for them . However , the also show how , aimed at destroying key and , have caused some to the . released last , showed how had constructed multiple across key into the northern Iraqi .", "An overrunning shut the between and at the of last . Major , including extensive , is being carried out on the from to . said it had \" of \" ready in it overruns . , from , said the was needed to allow for the last major of on the to be completed . He added : \" This is a very big , dealing with one of the biggest anywhere in the . \" I ca n't say there 's absolutely no [ of an at ] , but we have done in our to get it finished in good . There are of waiting if that happens . \" On 27 , 's was shut and was closed for of the after took longer than expected . A of will take over the , including a of the between & in and in while further is carried out on the .", "were approved for and to drill in a at . The does not allow the to carry out - hydraulic of the - to extract any or . is subject to a temporary in until on the are devolved . said it had carried out a \" thorough \" of the 's before approving them , with all including of the to be completed within 12 . \" It 's important that any of this does n't harm the , and this makes it clear what and will need to do to comply with this ,\" a said . \" Once the begins , our will regulate and monitor the to ensure it complies with the of the , to protect and the . \" The for exploratory comes despite a on in pending of for such . In , the urged in to speed up the of for fracking . However , said was \" unproven \" , and that preferred to look at renewable .", "carried out in European were previously recorded in , with which had a low-tax . Now made through in the , , and will be registered in those , the has said . had received heavy for its . \" More than two ago , we began the of establishing local of , our primary retail in ,\" the said in a . \" As of 1 , is recording retail made to through these in the , , and . \" Previously , these retail were recorded in . \" added that it was \" working on opening a for \" . In recent , the has intensified its into the negotiated by global with such as , and the . It suspects that such amount to illegal and distort . Last , the - the 's executive - launched a formal into 's with . And the is also looking into 's in , in the , and Italian 's with .", "said the by the ( ) would \" lead to suffering \" . The begins across at 08:00 , from when junior will only provide . The said the \" demonstrated the of amongst the \" . It announced three of in in , after with the ended without . being disputed by the and include . \" As a , I can understand the and felt by many junior at this ,\" said . \" In , this is a of and low that has been building for and the that a in can place on your . \" Junior are the of the , working long and anti-social ... It is vital that , as senior medical , we ask ourselves whether we are doing we can to ensure our junior feel valued . \" The planned are set to take from : has confirmed that between the and will continue next . Junior are objecting to the of a new . The has described the current as \" outdated \" and \" unfair \" , pointing out they were introduced in the . drew up to change the in 2012 , but broke down last . The has indicated it will impose the new next in . The has responded by initiating the industrial . row : What you need to know What exactly do junior do ?", "The will now be eligible to play against in the on . , who joined up with the over , has so far made 13 for the 's . \" He has done really well for us and is enjoying his ,\" said . \" He is highly thought of at and has a big . \"", "The for , near , will go towards a \u00a3 3.24m that includes a new . has also been awarded \u00a3 0.5m towards its \u00a3 1.5m to refurbish two . The form of a \u00a3 214m in 47 in . said of the that it was to \" ensure \" in \" first \" . said she was \" thrilled \" with the . She said the would include aquatic , and , a and six . She added : \" This will help ensure that we continue to deliver high and learning to give young the appropriate required to gain in science-related . \" is planned to start this and is expected to be completed by 2014 . The go alongside for the 's new to \" support the of good and outstanding \" while intervening if are failing .", "has invited 's and his , and , to on 10 . The and died in 2002 . A said last that he died from a linked to rather than 's as previously thought . said : \" We want to stress the immediate in dealing with and , to discuss the 's medical on this and work on . \"[ The ] has to be taken seriously because it 's about . \" It 's not like a or , because once the is damaged it does n't repair itself and is of that . \" said , who carried out a new of 's , would also be at the . 's have campaigned for the to carry out into the of heading and suffering . The for has also held at . The previously apologised to the for not keeping them informed about its and said its on were due to be changed ahead of the 2014 / 15 . A for the said \" had been keen to meet the for a long \" to hear their . It was initially believed died from 's , but the at his ruled his had been damaged by heading heavy . He played for from 1964-1974 scoring 137 in 292 .", "The 18-year-old identical have come through the 's to impress in nine between them this . Both play in the back and have also featured for the . \" They will play key in the 's of developing in the , and bringing them through to the first ,\" of said . The became only the fourth of to play side-by-side in the when they appeared in 's 34-24 by on 27 . is also the youngest after crossing on his in the 31-13 over on 30 .", "The happened near and at about 08:30 on . are now urging who saw the to get in . He is described as being in his late or early with dark , curly , short . He is about 5ft 9in and was wearing a dark .", "The Egypt-backed had envisaged a regional which say might have forced to reveal whether or not it has nuclear . The was blocked by the , the and . The next is set for 2020 . neither confirms nor denies it has a of nuclear . Speaking after four of , of accused and other Arab of \" not willing to let go of these unrealistic and unworkable \" for future . She also said some tried to \" cynically manipulate \" the whole . But warned that the to reach a \" will have in of the Arab and public \" , the reports . Last , had proposed to stage a regional - with or without 's and without an agreed . Some suggested that this might have forced - which is not a to the on the of ( ) - to publicly clarify its on nuclear . at - held every five - are made by . The of the current means the next could only be held in 2020 at the earliest .", "The has announced to speed up . has written to reminding them of the temporary on in . He said fracking was \" unproven \" , saying Welsh preferred to look at renewable . is a of using high to break up deep underground to release and pipe it to the . It is a major in the , but there are about , the and underground . There have been against for for in both the of and , as well as in . has stressed the 's for , and at in its . She has told in to make on within 16 , to stop the being \" dragged out for \" . In his to Welsh , said the new only applied to and that the in remained in . \" The 's general for and is contrary to the of the of promoting renewable and low of through the and other ,\" he said . \" We still see renewable as a key in ensuring that achieves sustainable for the of future . \" Local must ensure that for renewable are determined within statutory . \" to devolve over were confirmed in the 's in following the Conservatives' general .", "The , From to , explores the of , who was born in in 1887 . The largest to have been staged since the , his favourite were the and the and of his . said there was a of for him in the . Many of the on at The in have never been seen in before . , said : \" We hope that this will shed new on the and of a remarkable and also a much misunderstood . \" This is the first major of his to be held in his of since the 's and it is being held in a that he would have known well and often painted . \" 's are a fascinating of in the before and after the , while his own remarkable is only now being unravelled . \" joined the in 1914 when he was 26-years-old and served on the at , , and . Some of the he produced while on active have survived and are included in the . said they were a \" poignant , important and sombre of the of \" . After the , made several to , and the , producing some of his most impressive . He died aged 47 in 1936 . From to : exploring the and of is on at The from 10 to 6 .", ", who managed , now 31 , in his four as , says the 's would boost 's . \" It is not a because I thought he retired too early ,\" said . \" Sometimes you can make these and then think you have still got to offer . \" 's to the means that on he is almost certain to be included in 's for the against at on 11 . told : \" I think last his took a on him and we did n't see the best of him but certainly this he is looking far more like himself again and playing very well , which will be an to . \" I think his around the and and certainly on the will be felt if he is not there . \" He is only 31 and there is more to come from him . I thought his was premature anyway . \" does not envisage any with returning to the for a he believes can win . \" I do n't know how it would affect the of the but certainly I think it would pep it up ,\" he added . \" It was a poor and in and it might just give them the wee they need , having a of that back . \" The is one I think they can win . It will be a British of and there wo n't be the Scottish will be surprised about . \" assistant , meanwhile , looked forward to the benefiting from 's , saying \" by and his and , ( he ) makes other better \" . added : \" is who I would imagine , when are looking at our and our , would prefer him not to be playing . \" He looks as if he has coped better with combining the European and . He feels good about himself and he can do both at this . \" I would imagine he has been revitalised by ( , the ) . I think the has given him a new of . \" He would have made his [ original ] in an honest . But now he has looked at it and decided it was clearly the wrong . \" If the other feel that gives us a better of winning the , they will be delighted to have him back . \"", "The 's and became stuck in the in while it was chasing a . , who freed the , said : \" The was feisty , but luckily , had not had much . \" I released the back to the where he belongs straight away . \"", "The said the would start on 19 and include . It will involve of from the . The said despite the it would be \" as usual \" with \" at least \" 97 of its 11,600 not involved . are the larger that are usually located in . In 2016 , the announced to transfer up to 61 into over the following . It said the was of a 10-year to cut and save , and would act as a of \" safeguarding the of the . \" \" Our want the to pause its and , hold off on its planned , and commit to sitting down with us and with the other key of this Great British and , together , construct a lasting ,\" said assistant . The said it was \" extremely disappointed \" by the 's . \" Just , we agreed with the that we would resume , which have been ongoing throughout the , on ,\" added , the 's and .", "More than 60,000 , said to contain anabolic , were recovered in an by ( Irish ) , and a . Human and erectile were also found during 's in and . A in his was arrested , but later released without . The , the 's , said of an illegal had been found . The had carried out further in , it said .", "He welcomed ( Irish prime ) 's on a possible on Irish . said was \" being mischievous \" . The said should consider that a in the could result in the of a . In his to on at the annual in , , said the of a required \" clear of a of wishing to leave the and join the \" . He added : \" It may be , in the of some , a fanciful but who knows what happens in 10 , 20 ? \" responded by calling for all supporting a united \" to discuss how best this can be achieved . \" \" In the of the being dragged out of the by , there is now a greater to achieve this ,\" he said . said of and his , , had both ruled out holding a . \" It 's not going to happen ,\" he said . \" We all know in the next nine is not going to be . So , he 's really just being mischievous. ,\" added . described 's as \" much ado about \" . She said that , in the of the , the 's should be \" to convince the of that they have a for the forward for our , our , our voluntary and , our and else who depends heavily on and . \"", "The lost their opening of the at newly-promoted but then knocked out of the 5-4 and have won three straight . \" It 's nice but it is early ,\" 40-year-old told . \" You 're never too high and never too low and I keep saying that . \" He added : \" It 's important keeps their on the - likewise when you have a sticky that keeps check and sticks together . \" , 37 , got the only of the as 's 1-0 at on moved them to the of the . \" say about his and this and that but if you work with him in , out you see how he rubs off on other ,\" added on . \" His , his towards and his own and own , he 's a to himself and his . \" A of young should look at him up and down the because he is that good at what he does . \"", "has also been charged with \" criminal \" of the 26-year-old , said . The had used the to book a but said she was taken to a secluded and raped . later banned and several other web-based for failing to carry out adequate . Although the has not yet given a in , say he has confessed to the . They say he has also been identified by the . and the of sexual against Indian have been in the in recent ever since a 23-year-old was gang-raped and murdered in in 2012 . The prompted global and a of the on sexual , but say they have failed to act as a . Earlier this , five were arrested in for and repeatedly raping a Japanese . And in the northern Indian of , two were arrested for allegedly abducting and raping a .", ", 22 , and clocked six and 29.63 to finish ahead of and . The British won the in the non-Olympic in last . Meanwhile 's , 22 , won his lightweight . The , who clinched in the lightweight double in with his , produced a strong late to come from fourth at the halfway to win his in 6:51.71 . finished second in 6:52.31 with 's clinching the third for 's . The features non-Olympic . Irish and will compete against and in 's after finishing second in their behind the French . The British were the fastest for final , ahead of the ( 6:30.12 ) and ( 6:30.56 ) , while the Irish next quickest in 6:32.18 . After winning in their at last 's in , and retained the European in in .", "The , who has signed a one-year , joins and at the . came through 's to make the 's first . But he moved to last and played 34 . , 30 , had been at 's for three after leaving and played 17 as dropped to . The 29-year-old joined at the same , from , and scored five in 36 last .", "to the at will open at 14:00 . is being held on what was traditionally the of the in the , which is not taking this . Other appearing over the include include , and The . The will play across three at 's newest , with being broadcast every on a presented by . will headline the , with headlining on and closing the on . announced in , two after saying it was suspending in the to \" take \" of a challenging two since the moved to from . The said \" continued \" had had a \" negative \" on . in the 's first at in 2015 was plagued by . Two died at the 2016 in separate , while reported and illicit in the . said on that would be tight at following the recent in and , with armed patrolling near the and being carried out on . also warned there would be a to and found with illegal would be arrested . , and other are banned from the and who is drunk will not be allowed .", "The at has been the of for 's nuclear . The said should \" focus instead on fulfilling its international \" . The was shut down in 2007 as of a . But vowed to restart it in 2013 , following its third nuclear and amid high regional . said the international would not accept as a nuclear . \" We will work with our in the of the six-party to try to return to a of fulfilling those that they have made ,\" he said . \" We will repeat our that should refrain from the irresponsible that aggravate regional and should focus instead on fulfilling its international and . \" Six-nation involving , the , , and aimed at ending the 's nuclear have been stalled since 2009 . believe that , when fully operational , the can make one nuclear 's of per . A said this that suggested had started at the . But 's was the first official from that it had restarted there . The state-run said was improving its nuclear \" in and \" . It said that the was ready to face with \" nuclear any \" . However , say 's nuclear are unclear . claims it has made a small enough to fit a nuclear on to a , which it could launch at its . But have cast on the . has made bellicose against its and the before , often to coincide with annual joint military held by and . The two remain technically at , because the 1950-1953 ended in an , not a .", ", 27 , from in , was last seen in 1990 . reopened the in , and discovered human on off in . A 64-year-old from has been arrested . was last seen on the of 28 at , off , . Three were arrested in with his but was charged . In , reopened the as a , saying they believed he had been shot . think was killed with a sometime during the of 28 at a called , which no longer exists , in . They began searching in the in . \" consistent with being human \" were found by of , forensic and during the 13-day . , who is leading the , said : \" The were discovered during a painstaking of the we had identified as being of . \" An in forensic has assisted the and the will now be subject to and much more intrusive forensic . \" was last seen eating a in a light blue . He was wearing , a , and . He was described as 5ft 8in ( 1.72m ) , medium with blond , curly , shoulder-length and had a of . said he was \" confident \" local held additional that would help \" bring to 's \" .", "The starred as the made it three out of three in on . bagged four as were dismissed for a 78 before top-scored with 36 to help to 79-3 in 15.2 . over will secure a in next 's . The top two from the will take on the 's in . have avoided a with but face a tough against the on . also came into 's at with a 100 in but they were outclassed by the . took 4-20 and 2-9 as were skittled out in 19 . The was easily achieved after ( 22 ) and put on an opening of 48 .", "was rated as inadequate after a recent ( ) found it was relying on \" unsuitable \" . died in 2009 after he was mistakenly fed a by an . The said the did not reflect it has made . said the demonstrated \" poor \" and \" only a limited to improve \" . were let down by , who were not as committed and were \" unsuitable in of their and \" . 's said she feels angry that \" has changed \" since he died . More on this on in She added : \" At the they said there was a in trained and there was a in and the was thrown in at the deep . \" Many of the raised in this most recent were raised back then . I do n't see them being addressed soon . \" There is no , there is no for the actual on the . \" Chief , who started in the last , admitted its biggest is \" reducing our on . \" \" We have got more employed now than we have ever had , and since we have recruited 75 more qualified but we have still got a long to go . \" The which runs the has been in special since 2013 . The has recommended it remains in special for the next three , during which it must submit a weekly . said his is to \" focus entirely on getting out of special this \" .", "is not supported on this , who has won 30 at the de , came sixth in the first of six - the . He was second fastest in the individual and seventh in the with three more on . broke the 's in and is in 's along with fellow . , 31 , began his with a hard-fought sixth-placed in the , after 's , the 2012 and took the top two by gaining a on the . In the individual , recorded a of four 16.878 and caught reigning in the . That temporarily gave the the outright , before set a new of 4:14:982 , beating set in 2008 , to win his second in a . However , dropped from first to sixth after he was the first to fall out of the which sees the in last at the of every second ejected from the . was looking comfortable as other dropped out but he was ejected , despite not being the last over the , when he overtook a while off the of the , and was awarded seventh . 's , the 2014 , leads on 106 , two more than 's who won the , with third on 96 . The fourth - the - starts at 14:21 on , before the flying and . won a in the on and maintained her good on as she set a new during the . recorded a of 10.721 to beat the 10.724 by fellow at the 2012 in . That saw become the fastest and she comfortably beat of by a of 0.165 to move into the , which take from 14:00 on . also advanced in as she defeated 's after posting the second fastest . 's defending was beaten by 's but won a to reach the last eight . is not supported on this Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "made the as of a of known as a . He said that when added to the last it means the has allocated an additional \u00a3 200m to in 2016 / 17 . accounts for about of 's departmental . Last , said her needed \" significant additional \" to meet growing . When asked on if any of the would be allocated to , said she \" would make her on the of the additional as soon as possible within the next few \" . So how will the be spent ? At this there is little . However , from the 's it seems that the will go directly to unscheduled which includes . It will also be directed to those within which often experience blocking - when cannot be discharged as there is nowhere for them to be cared for in the , including in their own . Read more . Other include \u00a3 30m to with \u00a3 5m of that for special educational . There is also \u00a3 25m for and and \u00a3 20m for further . said there have been no new despite on \" as a of the \" . A large of the which has been reallocated is \u00a3 30m which had been set aside to mitigate to . However , the is no longer needed for that after the reversed his to cut .", "Just after dropping a supreme , the filed a fresh against the . It claims that \" intentionally or inadvertently suppressed \" during their previous . Originally , and accused of stealing their to create the . The of the formed the of the 2010 \" \" . The dates from 2003 when the hired to write for their while at . He never did , but instead set up , which quickly became a around the . A over who did what was resolved in 2008 when the agreed on a financial , reportedly worth around $ 65m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 41m ) . In 2011 the tried to reopen the , seeking more . However , a ruled in that they would have to accept the . The initially said they would appeal against the , but decided this not to pursue that legal . In the most recent filed on with the of , the and their said that hid some crucial from them during . The said that did not disclose some important in to the between him and the while they were at . 's outside said in a : \" These are old and baseless that have been considered and rejected previously by the . \"", "The teenage was knocked down by a in , , , on , said . The involved was thought to have been travelling towards at the and its was not injured in the . have appealed for any to contact them .", "He had rejected a to on but has now agreed personal and passed his medical . , who was in the final of his at at , had scored six in three for already this . He could make his in 's at . is 's second of the following the of from . opened their with a goalless against and were knocked out of the by One in 's first-round .", "The former , who is in her , has accepted a conditional for in a public . The has agreed to make a of \u00c2 \u00a3 40 to an armed . She was arrested at her under the 's into alleged corrupt to public . In a , the outlined of the but did not name the or the . said : '' The in this was considered very carefully and although there was sufficient to prosecute this , when considering the public it was decided that a conditional was an appropriate of . '' In accepting a conditional , an accepts for the set out . '' The former was arrested in . She was the 87th to be held as of , which was launched after the at the of the . The was established to investigate of inappropriate to but was widened in 2012 to include other public . It is being overseen by the .", "The gave in , , a of one - the lowest possible - across three examined . at in the 's were also found . The received the second lowest in three examined . The took in . An unannounced was carried out at , in , , on 21 . The , which is run by , was given a of one ( unsatisfactory ) for its of and ; its of and its of . The 's of and received the second lowest of two ( weak ) . also noted that there had been \" very little \" following an earlier which had already highlighted . A for the said : \" We continue to have serious about the of being provided to at this . \" Whilst we noted some in some following a previous , significant remain over the 's in to ensuring the and of . \" The said had \" observed poor in to administering \" . He added : \" We have informed the of the which it must make to ensure that residents' are met and their respected . \" We will continue to work with them to ensure they improve , but unless we see of significant , we will not hesitate to take further . \" An unannounced was carried out at , , , on 6 . The , which is run by , was given a of two ( weak ) for its of and ; its of and and its of found that 10 for , made at a previous , were not met . A for the said : \" We continue to have about the of and being provided at this and are working closely with them to ensure they meet the we expect . \" We have told the the it must take urgent on to improve . \" If we are not satisfied that is being made we will not hesitate to take further . \"", "were called to , at 15:30 on after of a being seen in a . A said the reported was stopped at 16:00 and the four inside were arrested . They are currently being held at a north .", "The said 's went offline at 11:00 , leaving of the and nearby and without . resumed at 16:30 in the remaining 10,000 after 53,000 had theirs restored earlier . The said it was not yet known what caused the and thanked for their \" \" . A at the during in 2015 left 55,000 without . The resulted in , with many not working , and caused to , and . closed while the was dealt with . It later reopened but tweeted it \" can only deal with basic \" . in was closed and it only accepted when it reopened . was affected and tweeted is available outside the , and . The 's sent a telling who were facing to turn up as usual . 's and both tweeted that had returned .", "The for the on the in , , had been approved by . But last refused to accept the . ruled that 's was fatally inconsistent and \" plainly deficient \" . The will now have to be reconsidered . , sitting in , quashed the , saying : \" The of has performed a complete and unexplained in his of the of two for on the same in and has also failed to apply his own . \" The said : \" There is on any a for more for and other economic in the . \" , the 19th of , brought the legal with and the . The said local had for some argued that in the should not be dispersed among the rural but concentrated in . 's and some were concerned that in the \" may have an adverse on the that is based there \" and lead to increased . A for said : \" The of now has a second to determine the . He should take full of the significant the will bring to when making a . \" The for and said : \" We have received this and will now consider our . \"", "The was made at a of the to discuss the surrounding the new . said the at would be free until 2 \" in of the \" and to allow . said the had ordered a of the by . He said it had been a \" frustrating and disappointing \" to the . Since launching late on 14 the has broken down , run aground and been suspended by the and due to \" \" . have also been damaged getting on and off . , who owns in , said : \" Whether I come out of this and survive I am not sure - other too . We are bearing the of the of almost six of . \" Will you compensate local , the same as for damaged ? \" said was up for . He added : \" I do n't think it 's a . It 's a . There are bound to be teething . There were electrical which the has rectified . \" He said the authorised the of to resolve the of scraping the . He said were an with , which had been resolved .", "The 24-year-old , who initially joined on a season-long last , has agreed a three-year with . has made just five since his from the 2017 of - where he played all four as exited the in the . He has played 16 for , scoring once - during 's 4-2 against . , who began his with before moving to in 2013 , has won 11 for his and scored three . are 11th in the going into 's against .", "3 2016 Last updated at 08:07 The British has been up there for six , but took out to speak to and share some . went to meet some of lucky enough to be able to talk direct to the ...", "is not supported on this The became the first Irish to win a in 117 when he triumphed in the in . , 28 , also won in the at the plus a in and a European this . \" This is a tremendous ,\" said seven-times Irish . \" I want to thank for this as it is fantastic for that has happened in the past and also for the of which has been going through somewhat of in recently . \" I 'm really looking forward to the next with the , the and hopefully the . \" With any I will be chatting to some of the from from a sometime next ! \" After winning his historic and in during , then suffered a fractured at a in a later which ruled him out until . However , the battling regained his to win at the in before taking in the in two later . The of chose ahead of and . shortlisted for the were , and . The of comprised of , , , , of the , and and . \" Once again the had a tough to make this but we felt that 's were just outstanding ,\" said . \" I 'm delighted that he 's been voted 's of the for 2013 . \" To become a , literally within an of winning a in another , is short of phenomenal . \" And to beat the of and to this speaks about 's . \"", "A major had been declared at the after the Italian lost . It was escorted to by as a and landed without shortly before 20:00 . said the had been flying from to . are believed to have been delayed for a short at and , but Scottish was not closed . also remained open throughout , and a to took off a short after the Italian landed . A posted on by the appeared to show the civilian landing at the . The did not land . from the posted on social showed several which had been summoned to the as a . A for the of said : \" were launched this from to intercept a civilian which was causing to . \" The was safely escorted to and the local now have the . \"", "were sent to 's on and nearby were closed and cordoned off . The , two aged 32 and 37 were arrested in and three , aged 18 , 24 and 28 , were arrested in . granted a further seven to question the . from the appeared before 's via on to submit their for a of further , a said . The were arrested on of being concerned in the , or of of . , from , said : \" The of the five were led and our continues at full . \" A of in the and have been searched as of the . The understands the was dealing with two suspect that were found at a in on .", "will be on and the and . The two faced off in , , earlier this , with European running out , 92-64 . Three of that will be missing at the , however , offering a of . \" I think it 's going to be amazing - I 'm from so I love playing there [ at the ],\" said . \" This is the we need to be playing at to make sure we 're 100 ready for this . \" We 've got a of who are going to be playing for the first in so it 's going to be exciting for them - I think the 's going to be great . \" The will be 's only before they compete at 2017 , which starts at the of with a in , . After they play , 's travel to a four-team in , their last before starts . ( ) 17:30-19:30 - 17:30-19:30 -", "The happened 10 ago when the 's , which is based in , was targeted by . The of assured those affected no other personal were accessed . have warned of a potential in or . They said the had been reported to both the and the 's and that extra had been put in . A said : \" This was a malicious on the 's which is hosted in a . It was dealt with swiftly and at no were any affected . \" We are contacting who has been affected to inform them of the and offer them and . We have reassured that the only that have been accessed are their . \" The 's has been informed and preventative have been taken by the . \" We want to reassure the the ongoing of our is critically important , and we continue to work with our to ensure that the associated with are dealt with . \"", "\" We have big for the , and of making them happen is building into a sustainable ,\" it said . will appear in a few and involve just a of . was bought by for $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 619m ) , but has never made a . The , which now has 150 million , has been a among but has long left wondering how it could turn among into a . Early by to generate were met with , such as when the changed the of to seemingly indicate that it would own and could sell those to . The of this was acknowledged in the 's . \" As always , you own your own and . The of wo n't change this ,\" it said . In an earlier this with the , said that must \" fund its own . \" Social is a booming in the . According to , will spend $ 9.5bn on social worldwide this . has boosted its to gain a larger of this . This , the 's of global mobile will rise to 15.8 from 5.35 last .", "The of and Six , played the lead in 's , which premiered shortly before his . He will perform the , which opens with the : \" Look up here , I 'm in \" , and was widely interpreted as 's personal . The also appears on 's . Other include , The 1975 , and For . are also shortlisted for their . It is their fifth - but they have yet to win the \u00c2 \u00a3 25,000 . The , who are on a brief from their , are not expected to perform at the , but most of the other will appear . On the , the 12 nominated will be cut down to six , one of whom will be chosen by a public . A of , including , and , will then choose the overall . The full of is : Read more about the The 2016 takes at the on , 15 . There will be full on , and the red and the will be broadcast live on from 21:00 . Follow us on @ , on at , or if you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", ", 56 , of , , was acquitted by the at . had denied indecently assaulting a male and in public . The dated back to on or before 7 1986 . During the accused the of bringing the criminal against him as of a 17-year to \" hound \" him out of the . The retired claimed the had tried to discredit him after he gave to the about within the . He told : \" This is a typical from a that has hounded me since 1998 , investigating me and following me around and bugging my . retired from the in 2012 after 30 of .", "said it would be \" completely wrong \" to remain in the 's single as both major told they wanted to leave . But he played down with the over . The is under to change its to leaving the , which call a \" hard \" . 's , , claimed the had changed the of the . The is backing from for to adopt a more flexible that achieves a across . told : \" The of in and the supports staying in the single and staying in the but still coming out of the legally . \" And I think that needs to get looked at far more closely and if we ca n't achieve a satisfactory based on of the single we need that is pretty close to it if it 's going to achieve the that it needs to across the . \" said the of listening to devolved had begun . \" It is seven more important now because of the of the that the devolved have a real in the of leaving the ,\" he said . , newly re-appointed to his , said he wanted , due to start next , to focus on the right with trading freely . \" We 've talked about frictionless , the have talked about unfettered . These are one and the same ,\" he said . \" Even the do n't want to remain of the single so it would be completely wrong to stay in the single when the two largest are opposed to that . \" But and echoed 's for cross-party . He said he did not buy the that because has had \" an unquestionably difficult for which she takes some of the \" it means \" it 's over \" .", "They held private with in the of the , which ended in . found the who died as a of the 1989 were unlawfully killed . The also complained about the of . They called on the to put the into remedial . It is understood the proposed ' ' would seek to place a further on those in public to cooperate positively with . The were told about in two ongoing criminal into the at the with the , which were held in . has previously praised the and of the victims' . of the , , whose died in the , said : \" I myself for the very first felt - I 'm sure the did as well - that at last there 's a that 's actually listening to them . \" The has met some before , but this is the first that she 's spoken directly to them since the ended . spent several in , meeting separately with the two main of . The was said to be heated , with some of the complaining directly to her about the of during the . Some asked for that there will be criminal , and I 'm told that they wanted to make sure that the personally understood the emotional that the two-year have taken . Although the welcomed the 's of unlawful , they know that many of lie ahead before they find out whether criminal will follow . The revealed that 19 have refused to assist with their into the of from , which investigated the . The has now handed on to the in its largest-ever into alleged and alleged . The has contacted 258 and involved in the into the and a of 161 have been taken . The said : \" Our remains to submit full of to the by the of the to enable to be made on whether any should be charged . \"", "were called to the involving a silver in , , , on . The was flown to in by , but later died . are appealing for to the .", "Following at , have three ' ' at neutral and beat at 's on . 's last two were postponed because of . \" I 'm really upset about how the 's handled the ,\" told . \" We are now behind . We 've had two and they 've been allowed to play elsewhere and I do n't think it 's right or fair . \" I do n't think it 's fair on the of the 23 who have to go to when some wo n't have to go there . \" I just do n't think it 's anywhere near any or fair . \" I 've got against , I wish them all the best in their and what they do , but it 's shifting the . \" I 've got every for the that have lost and , I 'm not decrying any of that - I 'm just saying strictly from a of it 's an unfair to play at another . \" The will also play upcoming at 's and 's .", "The had been on a but managed to cut themselves off from the of the . They were found on during a of the before being handed over to , who decided not to arrest the . say there was no to attending the . The had been searched and their put through a before they went on the . The comes six after 's against at had to be called off at short when a suspect was found in a in the of the . It turned out to be a fake left behind after a earlier in the .", ", 39 , was fixing a at the in two ago when he nipped out to his and returned to find his were gone . He said he had a from a in the to say his were there to collect , but with \" no of how , why or when \" . 's original about the went viral . He said he had enjoyed his five of afterwards . \" I could n't believe it ,\" he said , \" the just did n't stop ringing . \" \" The came down to where I was working and took , wanted to film me and I even had an to appear on ,\" he added . \" I 'm just waiting for the to go into the . \" said he had been offered \u00a3 100 by a for his and , if it happened , he would donate \u00a3 50 to the and \u00a3 50 to a , after admitting he was \" more of a \" . \" I 'm just glad has been left out of ,\" he said .", "is not supported on this told her veterinary will mean she will not be with the at next 's on 's . The finished fourth and sixth in the and 5,000m at the . \" My are n't until so being in , it 's just not going to work out unfortunately ,\" said the middle . \" I go back to next . I 've got a off then back to my to complete my final . is not supported on this \" I love running for whenever I can and the are one of the few you can do it so , yeah , I 'm gutted I 'm going to be missing it . \" But you have to think about getting my and that was really important to me . I 'm sure the 's going to do so , so well . They 're going to do great . \" I think I 've got at least two , even three more in me . What ? I do n't know . Certainly , so much for the . \" However , says the in are \" potentially a \" . \" These next few are going to be very full on with my ,\" she explained . \" I feel like I 'm in reasonable . I 'd like to run in . \" upset defending to win 5,000m in , with third . 's of 14 52.07 was her new outdoor personal . \" I 'm really happy ,\" she said after 's . \" It was really tough out there . I 'm delighted with that . I 'm really , really pleased with how I ran . \" My fifth in 10 - it 's a of and to still come away with that I think there 's a of for the . \"", "The former , 26 , was jailed for eight in after admitting online . expects to return to before their first One on 5 . \" When the starts , we 'll try to get behind closed so he can get a of ,\" told . After pleaded guilty to to defraud by obtaining and transferring , said they would consider the 's . Speaking after their pre-season by on , said : \" has to understand that these are playing with and have done for the last three or four . \" The best we will get out of is probably a 's and that wo n't be enough for him to be fit for the [ of the ] . \" joined in 2016 and scored eight in 27 last .", "The at in will be funded with \u00c2 \u00a3 51,000 allocated by as of its annual . said the needed to act after the \" significant and unprecedented \" . of the who drowned said a could have saved their . Five died during a to the last . A earlier , two also lost their . The said the attracted more than one million each . It said would be present from the late until the of the \" to offer \" to . Speaking after a on , , the for , said : \" Our remain with the of those who lost their . \" The were significant and unprecedented and we need to react to the changing . \" We not only need to protect the visiting , but also the and of our coastal . \" However , she stressed the of \" from all across being better informed \" on and before they visit . She said : \"[ The ] can never be completely risk-free but we are committed to investing in our , the and working with other to ensure to the are aware of the of the . \" Full into the are awaited . The said it would act on any the might make . Five from south-east died on 24 : Two lost their in :", "was on 's managerial last and has been linked with other . says the of - who guided to a top six last - would be a hard to follow . \" Since I signed , he 's only got better , every . It 's no are interested in him ,\" said . \" We do n't want him to go anywhere . He 's probably one of the best I have played under . The love him . We just pray he stays here for another . \" 's echoes his 's . \" I would be personally disappointed because what he has done is really good ,\" the said . \" As a , you like who really stick by their . You come across so many who chop and change and I have been through that many that many . \" New come in and they do n't even want to see you play , they just want to bring their own in and chop and change . To see him go would not be a good . \" are on the of losing promising , who has travelled to for a following the agreeing a for the . Subject to the of the medical , will sign a three-year at .", "All 10 had their confiscated after they were detained at 's at the . said in a on that of the had been charged , but were ongoing . Their have been informed . \" These are very difficult for the and loved of the arrested , as the to leave the was not that of the , but of a single ,\" the said . \" As a , often find themselves at a complete and unable to understand the made by the . \" said they could not disclose the of the or provide about what led to their . , 's public , commended the for their \" continued \" in protecting from \" the ongoing global \" . Canadian are of a multinational to halt the of in and . announced in that he planned to expand the and has since pledged $ 139m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 89m ) to help alleviate the growing humanitarian in the .", "The made his for the in the first-round against in . was of the 's under-21 . He could make his for the , who are of the , in 's against . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "put ahead before levelled late in the first . However , second-period from and left the in . increased 's to 4-1 before completed the with five left . have a in on the , who defeated 5-3 on . are back in against on while the are at to on as the busy festive continues . The took the after 15:52 on with netting after being set up by and . netted on the in the last of the first but restored the on 27:41 after combining well with . then fired into the on 33:50 before 's on 51:45 and 's concluding on 55:18 . After 's against , are the on before take on the at the on 2 .", "25 2016 Last updated at 10:01 Having undergone significant , it will make its first in ten along the . The was initially built in , but took its from the to on which it ran . After the last original was withdrawn in 1966 , the toured the , becoming an of British . produced by", "He is one of 249 suing the over alleged historical sexual at 's residential in . Only one out of five initial heard at the in has been awarded . In , a ruled in of one and ordered the to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 14,000 in . At the same , His dismissed three other . More on this and other In 2016 the former of 's was jailed for the third after he was found guilty of sexually abusing . , 75 , had already been sentenced to 21 in for sexually abusing and was jailed for a further nine in . He was jailed for seven in 1993 and a further 14 in 2004 for he committed at 's , which closed in 1992 . , 69 , a former at 's , was sentenced to 15 in for a of historical . He was acquitted of eight other at the same . The , a Christian of , which ran the in with the of , has apologised \" unreservedly \" for the . Another of is expected to be heard in late 2017 .", "The , written by and starring as , took a of \u00a3 15.3m . It is the third highest from the , behind the two final . said : \" We are thrilled with the huge from British and Irish . \" The also worked its at North American , taking an estimated $ 75m (\u00a3 61m ) over the - more than the of the top 10 combined . has planned for a of five in the . The first is set in , and tells the of a fictional mentioned in the . plays the of the animal-loving , who visits 's secret of and . The is set 70 before reads his at his , . It has received broadly positive from . The in the and was lower than for any of the , however . Elsewhere in the , 's fell to second with $ 17.7m (\u00a3 14.3m ) , with third on $ 17.5m (\u00a3 14.1m ) . , starring , took fourth with $ 11.8m (\u00a3 9.5m ) , while the , starring and , rounded out the top five with $ 7m (\u00a3 5.7m ) . Follow us on , on @ , or on at bbcnewsents . If you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", "The fractured her and back , dislocated her and slipped a in her after colliding with during the . 's spent four in after 's . \" They were pretty sure was going to be the while I was in , but luckily I pulled through ,\" she told . \" Being an , I think they said because my and were so strong I was able to withstand the . \" Although I did break a few , my spinal stayed intact and I 'm here to live another . \" at the was cancelled after the 2013 's , with asked to leave the . \" I have no , which is probably pretty good ,\" she said . \" It 's not going to put me off in the ,\" she said . \" I remember holding onto the getting ready to roll up to the final and then next I know I was in and was telling me I 'd had an . I just responded with ' did I win ?' . That was all I was worried about . \" hopes to be back \" easy riding \" on a by the of the and says she has the right around her to make a full . is not supported on this \" I 'm going to get back on a eventually ,\" she added . \" I 've got no yet , but I do n't know what I 'll be able to get to . I 'll give it a good . \" I 've got the full behind me , I 've got , . We 've got the 's best . At the of the , we 're a great , so I 've got every of getting back to where I was . \"", "Former of and ( ) chief was advised against doing so by the 's . This was because of potentially controversial that could have been raised on the . But stepped down and appeared on the on 25 . The said : \" told the that he intended to go on to discuss the recent in . \" The , made up of all , advised that it would be inappropriate for him to do so , given the of contentious relating to which could be raised especially in with who were appearing and during . \" He resigned from his in to make this . We thank him for his during his at the . \" joined the last . The said signed a confirming that he would not do any without the of the . This was essential because the was apolitical and the of the chief was politically restricted , it said . tweeted : \" Given I confirm that I 've resigned as of 's & . I 'm not saying publicly . \" Introduced in and in 2012 , must : : of and is a former chief for . It was announced he would step down in 2015 . He led several high-profile , including the . He was awarded an in 2004 for to and the local , Get from the in your , each", "Earlier this , estimated the would mean 21 of and 25 of dying each , as they migrate to and from local . ( ) said the had no \" clear scientific \" . said its were based on the \" best available \" it received . In a sent to and seen by , disputed 's and claimed that the refused to share its for calculating them . \" Without clear scientific has recently published based in these ' what if ' despite our to consider the needed to back them up prior to ,\" the said . \" These give unrealistic and grossly misleading [ on ],\" the adds . said that carried out by on its estimated a \" worst \" of the killing 2 of all of . The \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn tidal is being viewed by the as a for much larger and more cost effective around the , including , and . are considering the of a six-month of the of the , which is yet to be published . said the was \" very supportive \" of the . But she said both it and the needed on the 's in the \" very , very near . \" said it strongly disagreed with 's , which it was \" very surprised and disappointed by \" . , an executive , said : \" We have received a vast of on this from the and have held detailed with the for a where we have shared a huge of , and our . \" This has been assessed by independent and our own technical , and we have the utmost that it is the best available to enable us to make the right for the in , as we are legally bound to do . \"", "It had already been announced the would leave the when his expires this . The South Africa-born becomes 's first new for next . \" is a ball-carrying ,\" said of . \" He has been performing well for both and over the past five and will complement the in the ball-carrying . \" joined from in 2012 and , after three of , qualified to play for in for the 2015 . eight has been sidelined by a sustained during the by , ruling him out of the of the . \" Since coming to the I always had it in the of my that I wanted to play in the ,\" said . \" I have really enjoyed my with the , but I asked my to look around for me . He came back with who have a good , a good in the and looked an attractive . \"", "was heading from , to , but the reported with the about one after taking off . , who had to spend the in , told they smelt burning inside the . The landed safely and there were no of . circulating on social showed a large in the . Several said they had heard a loud coming from the left shortly after . One told 's : \" All of a sudden we heard this ... it kind of smelt like burning \" . \" I was really scared . Our was terrified . \" One on the told : \" The went out and told us to fasten our and tried to calm us down , but we were actually very panicked because we had no what was happening . \" said the cleared the near the affected . said in a to the that the had \" observed the abnormal of the left and decided to return to immediately \" . It added that all would be placed on leaving on . are now investigating . of told the that it would be \" difficult to say at this early what caused such extensive \" to the . He said would likely look at all possible and examine of the and . \" They will also carefully assess whether a foreign may have played a in this ,\" he said . Last , The and published from social appearing to show a similar in another 's . added it would be \" too early \" to say whether the was linked to other , but it would be would consider .", "was refused to remain because her British , a self-employed , earns less than \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 per . and live in and have a , , aged two . has written to their to say after an the would reconsider her to remain . wrote on her she was confident the would reverse the because \" the three have a to under human and because of the on young should be forced to leave . \" 's told : \" It is a great , it is early yet but we are very hopeful will progress and will be done . \" The , who married in 2006 , said they were of a in 2012 which requires British with to prove an of at least \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 . said on it was \" outrageous \" the thought a did not need her . Legal said the of the was to prevent marrying into the and becoming a on the .", "At throughout the we may introduce a for the - this 's is \" \" . Find out how you can submit your and below . If you have a you 'd like to share , email us at @ bbc.co.uk , post it on or tweet it to @ . You can also find us on - # to share an there . You can also see a recent of on our 's on . When emailing , please make sure you include the following : Please note that whilst we welcome all your , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past . If you submit a , you do so in with the 's and . In contributing to 's you agree to grant us a royalty-free , non-exclusive to publish and otherwise use the in any that we want , and in any worldwide . It 's important to note , however , that you still own the to you contribute to 's , and that if your is accepted , we will publish your alongside . The cannot guarantee that all will be used and we reserve the to edit your . At no should you endanger yourself or , take any unnecessary or infringe any collecting any of .", "will be until presidential later this . He was expelled from 's largest , the , last after contesting the of to veteran who died in . 's is likely to further divide 's . to negotiate his from broke down last . was supposed to step down after his second and final five-year came to an last but the to replace him was not held . The electoral cited financial and logistical . The of The to organise the led to a of deadly by , with from for the to respect the . The stepped in to broker a at the of 2016 which outlined the of a transitional that would oversee the . But the collapsed because the and the were unable to agree on the under the . The of 71 million has not had a peaceful of since its from in 1960 .", "said on it would cut 125 editorial - a of its - to absorb slumping . In , will strike until after next 's federal , one of the 's biggest local . 's include the , 's The and the . The latest come in to and in recent . The 's chief political tweeted \" On for a \" , while his urged that \" needs actual to do the \" . Like most around the , is suffering from falling of its and declining . The fresh were announced along with to scale back the of . \" While we will be looking across all of the , at the of the we expect there will be significantly fewer editorial , , and ,\" the is quoted as saying in an internal . 's and , which represents the 's , strongly criticised the planned at as a \" dumb \" . \" This will only undermine and damage its further , alienating its and leaving the editorial that remain to work harder and harder to fill the ,\" chief said . is the main to 's , which is also suffering from falling and also has announced to cut .", "is not supported on this The from won the in his maiden this . has racked up 68 across the last 12 , prompting his to make the with . \" I think he could be a one ,\" told . \" I would be amazed if he does not go right to the , he is the on 's at the . \" 's rapid has seen him nominated for the of the 2015 . The has been named on the final for the , alongside and . \" What he has achieved is a little special ,\" added . \" He is a lovely and thoroughly deserves his . He is very popular and he has endeared himself with . \" , who has 300 based at his near , is the of former flat . has enjoyed great under the of and won the in 2003 . Since then , has established himself as one of the most respected flat in and was in 2006 , 2008 and 2009 . \" performs on the big and he is the best in the at the . He is so professional and the ultimate and that 's who you want to be ,\" said , who will find out if he has won the on . \" It is a that is constantly in the and it is big to be attached to somewhere like this . \"", "from and , the two brokering the , said a of would begin in on 10 . 's stopped the after the seized and two on 16 . The were released on . They were handed over to a humanitarian led by the and taken to a military near the of before travelling to be reunited with their . \" We consider the over and announce that we have agreed that the next of will take between 10 and 17 ,\" quoted a joint read by a Cuban as saying . The said the next of would focus on a of the , and on meeting the of . They also said the had agreed to establish a permanent to deal with any future . They will reconvene around , on a not yet determined . The have been under in since 2012 and aim to bring an to five of , in which 220,000 are estimated to have died . The and the said that the on had taken in a remote in , an isolated on 's . , and had been kidnapped 14 earlier while travelling along the by . They had ventured into dominated by the in civilian and without a . The said they kidnapped the because they were unhappy that had continued military against them during . The left-wing has renewed for both to call a while the proceed . The has rejected such , saying that a would only help the regroup and rearm . resigned from his on , saying he should have taken more .", ", 25 , had a disallowed for in 's at , before being shown a red by for his . have also been charged with failing to ensure conducted themselves in an orderly . and have until 20 and 21 respectively to respond . A three-match is the standard for a red for violent . However , it is alleged that 's constituted violent in where the standard that would otherwise apply is clearly insufficient . He is currently banned for three , including 's with . In 1998 , was banned for 11 for pushing to the . Seven later , was suspended for 10 after admitting two of improper , having pushed and attempting to confront another .", "The joins an impressive at the on 4-12 , including , , and British top three , and . reached 27 in 2013 , but has struggled since returning from a serious last . \" I am excited to be returning to ,\" said . \" I remember how great the are there . Preparing well on the is key ahead of and is the perfect to start . \" I really enjoy this of , to be able to play in of a . It is fantastic to see a strong British for the as the always create such a great . \"", "A foul led to the in . The says all the were buried in a single and include stillborn and unclaimed . But says they must check to see if any of the killed during anti-government in have been buried there . of died in over a proposed electoral which would have required a national to be held before the presidential could take . The US-based ( ) has said that went missing during the and also during on criminal in the last and in 2013 . Human first became aware of the after of in reported a terrible near the local more than two ago . A working in the then discovered a sticking out of the . The has said that the were all buried in individual on 19 . A said on that there would be no of the .", "is not supported on this The will pay about \u00a3 5m for the 53-year-old , who leaves after two in . have been without a since they sacked just before the of the 2015-16 . It is expected 's will be confirmed by . Listen : feeling let down by 5 live 's , who has been headhunted by new , will sign a reported to be worth about \u00a3 6m a . The former , who is on , will take and with him to . have finished seventh and sixth under - their best . promised when appointed but finished 11th in 2015-16 , his third at the . In , said with over a new were progressing \" in a very good \" , but added the was \" not in any real \" . And last the former , and said he expected to stay with the for the final of his . made more than 763 as a , scoring 253 , and won the 1988 with the . He won the - now the - with in 1988 and in 1992 , scoring the for the against at . He also won four domestic apiece in the and . has since managed , , , , , , and . He has won the Dutch with both and . Former and said he was \" disappointed \" and \" quite surprised \" at 's to leave , particularly with playing in the next . \" He may feel he has got a better of winning at . I 'd be of a slightly different ,\" told . \" I understand they 've got a new and want to splash a of , but it might not be as easy a as he thinks . \" Most in the are pretty wealthy now and can compete in the . We just have to move on and look to the next to take us forward again . \" The lies with the and hopefully they will kick us on again next . \"", "The is that so many of the and sold to the as ground-breaking prove to be as usual . So the went out of his to sound no-nonsense and tough . He accused some English of \" fudging \" the on in their and warned them that he was not going to allow that to happen anymore . But the to the 's has been decidedly mixed . 's shadow described them as \" feeble beyond \" . \" Re-treading old \" was how the of described the . \" Kicking the can down the ,\" one big said . The chief of the , , bemoaned the to relax on green . \" in itself ca n't possibly sustain the long-term of the ,\" he said . \" It can go an awful long but there needs to be a of some green to enable us to deliver the that we are required to do . \" The does include to encourage , and to build more affordable more quickly , both to rent and to buy . But this seems to speak with two on : the wants to shift the of firmly towards new in want to live , but 10 and some influential Tory are sympathetic to the passionate of those who wish to protect the and particularly the green . The real that lies behind all the and is whether the of between and local has fundamentally changed . now accept needs 250,000 new every , they have described the as \" broken \" and they agree that radical is the only to mend it . But many have yet to be convinced that this amounts to a \" realistic \" to achieve that .", ", 18 , from , was last seen on 3 and reported missing by his two later . said the found in near , , had yet to be formally identified but was believed to be . A post-mortem will be held to establish the of , which is not being treated as suspicious .", "The is ahead of , who is valued by at \u00a3 149m . The only in the top 10 are ( worth \u00a3 122m ) and (\u00a3 96m ) . , who joined for a \u00a3 89m in the , is worth \u00a3 136.4m . The has been carried out by a of from the , using a . They have calculated the using that includes and , such as and of . , the and 's 's best , is seventh on the at \u00a3 111m , with 14th and valued at \u00a3 73.8m , less than the \u00a3 85.3m he cost the in 2013 . is the only in the top five not based in , with 's third at \u00a3 132m and 's fifth (\u00a3 127m ) . There are 42 in the top 100 including 's (\u00a3 89m ) , 's (\u00a3 81m ) , 's (\u00a3 75m ) and 's (\u00a3 45m ) . makes the at 100 , with a of \u00a3 31m .", ", the , was suspended after visiting a 's without informing . Following a in 2016 , had an listed to take in 2017 . A joint said \" all outstanding \" were resolved . A said had received a . The of the and said it would not comment on whether had exchanged . against related to a she paid to the of , 18 , who was shot dead in a in , on 17 2016 . and said her \" caused ongoing and \" and \" damaged the \" between the and \" in the of a complex and sensitive \" . Her insisted she visited as an ordained who wanted to offer to . Her rejected the , saying it was \" deplorable \" the went ahead in 's . She was issued with a final written and her was never renewed . The previously reported wrote a of about the 's towards her , of which the was aware , four before her . A joint issued by the of the and ( ) and said they were \" happy to announce that they have amicably settled all outstanding between them \" . \" is a stressful and the acknowledge and regret the that inevitably follow from that ,\" it added . The former thanked each other for their around of , the added .", "is not supported on this also netted as recovered from their opening by to remain in for a in the last 16 . \" had written us off , gave us a ,\" said . \" It 's a very special . \" We were n't at it against and we wanted to put it right . \" is not supported on this The 36-year-old became the second-oldest at a by putting ahead with a 49th-minute , before added the second in . It was 's first at a major in 34 - since beating at the 1982 - and the means can still progress as a best third-placed at least . They face in their final and , with having been eliminated , will qualify for the knockout with a in on . \" We let ourselves down against in of the we wanted to play at so we had a to prove to ourselves ,\" said . \" It was a wonderful and we are delighted for , especially the . \" We have to play for in our last against , which is what we wanted . We can take a of into that . \" is not supported on this made five for his 's second , including leaving on the , and the acknowledge it was a . \" There was some attached to changing the but it was a fantastic from the entire ,\" said the . \" I could n't have asked any more . The gave every last of and and the were magnificent - that is good about was in that . \" We have given ourselves a great of finishing third and we will try to nick a , maybe more , against the . \" I 'll let the enjoy this and then our will switch to . We wo n't underestimate them . \"", "said she did not know at first whether her was going to survive the at their in on 30 . She said looking after him was a \" massive and an I did n't think I was going to have \" . \" I will miss them both so much ,\" the added . , 23 , of no fixed , has been charged with their and with the attempted of . , who was at at the 50-year-old and 13-year-old were stabbed , spoke of her . was pronounced dead at the . died in after battled to save him . \" For me especially it is a of taking every as it comes and counting your and using the around , definitely . \" For more on this and other and She paid to at 's who saved her . had been planning to collect from the next . \" I still ca n't believe that I will never see him again or pick him up from on that like I promised to do ,\" she said . \" He was just so bubbly and full of and he really did light up a with his and . \" , who spent six in intensive , said he was \" on the \" . He suffered facial , \" of deep and almost 100 \" . \" It will take some but obviously the emotional will take forever ,\" he said . said : \" I did n't find out until I woke up in intensive that had not made it . It was devastating . Absolutely devastating . \" He added his had been a \" fantastic \" and a compassionate , kind . \" \" She was just beautiful , she was our ,\" he said .", "said the meant there were two possible correct to the multiple . have said they will accept two as correct in each , and the of the national has offered to resign . The annual determines the academic of high . South Korean said the would affect the of about 3,600-4,000 . \" I express deep and recognise an urgent to improve the ,\" said in a broadcast on . \" We will investigate the of the ,\" said . About 640,000 sat the nine-hour standardised , called the , on 13 at 1,216 across the , 's said . Many engage in intense studying for in for the , often with the of their in what is an extremely competitive academic . A good would mean a in one of 's top . The suspect multiple-choice , one in the and one in the English , sparked an with and complaining to the of the for and ( ) which administers the . Last 's was also controversial because of a in one of the in the . After a year-long legal , ruled in of four who said the was flawed . \" We did our best this to prevent erroneous ... but again there were faulty , causing and among , their and ,\" said , of .", "have played away from their since a in 2007 . In , was approved to permit initial on building a new for . The of , who are in the third of , currently play in but want a permanent . All told : \" We have met with those who own the . \" We can see that it makes considerable . We will need to have more . \" We are a long from getting over the on this , but watch this . We are constantly seeking our own permanent for the . \" and are very good throughout the . It would be a very significant if it happened . \"", "In , , who is from south , claimed the suggested phoning his . It followed an in which he called for to \" reach out beyond his \" . A for said at the that it was \" untrue \" . The told 's : \" The that he ( ) and the around him were trying to do , involving my , was to isolate and ostracise me from them and from the I am very proud to come from - which is an Irish , nationalist in south . \" The claimed that after he spoke out about in , he got a from the whips' saying the had initially asked for his and then considered sacking him . But subsequently , through his , he had asked for an and , which refused to make . The said he then texted the to make clear no was intended and reiterate that their was important to him and asking for a . He received no , but said he was then informed by the whips' that had proposed asking the 's , , to intervene . was in for many , serving as the 's between 2005 and 2006 .", "and are among eight from the 2016 to be involved , along with Dutch . , who won with in and was third in the 2015 of , will also race . The eight-day concludes in on 11 . \" The for this 's of is without , with wherever you look among the ,\" said . Thirty-time de will make his first since winning at the , in a that also features and of , as well as the 's of . is joined by as former of in the . A of 21 will take , including 11 , the highest to have competed in since the 2014 de . Seven British will compete , led by and also including and a national . The also includes six current national , led by British , who will ride for . There are also six national , including former and and three-time .", "worked for , which supports the cardiac at . The , of , , pleaded guilty to four of and . However , he denied four other of . The will now decide whether he should face . A is due within the next 14 . The was uncovered when a new chief took over at the and became suspicious after asking for financial . The chief 's - an - was asked to look at the and discovered the .", "The was attacked because her had eloped with an upper-caste about a ago . She has alleged that initially refused to file a saying such were not uncommon . The took in on but of the have just come out . The in falls in the of the 's . \" The pushed me to the , took off my and started beating me up with [ ] and a . They pulled my ,\" the told a . She said the continued for two . On , arrested five , including the eloped 's . , formerly known as \" \" , are at the of the Hindu in . Although is illegal , remain in many .", "The is in with several Japanese over it needs to reorganise its in the of a massive . The embattled is hoping for of up to 250bn ($ 2.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 1.6bn ) , said . confirmed it was in but said the had not been decided . The said , and were like to provide the as early as this . The are vital for the of the Japanese as it streamlines its bloated , whose poor had gone unnoticed during almost a of false . The comes after the admitted in 2015 it had overstated its by $ 1.3bn over seven . As of the to balance its , the has announced major and the of several and to external . currently employs almost 200,000 . Its have lost about 40 of their since last , when of the began to emerge . In , its chief , and six other high-level resigned from the . , which is involved in a of from to nuclear , was founded in 1875 and launched the 's first mass-market in 1985 .", "Set 284 for , reached 46-2 at the of four in - their in is 209 in 2010 . said : \" We 'd happily lose 2-0 trying to chase the . \" We know it is going to turn and they have got some world-class , so we are going to have to bat very well . \" He added : \" We have got some world-class in our . They are going to have to pull their out and bat really well . \" hit 151 as - 146-3 overnight - were bowled out for 355 in their second . missed a off in the first of four with on 97 , and the was dropped by on 113 . lost for 22 and for a in the of 13 before the . , who hit an unbeaten when successfully chased 209 to beat by nine at in 2010 , will resume on 17 and six on . \" Hopefully , we can get a of big and a of big individual ,\" added , who took 2-52 . \" We are going to have to bat the whole to win or draw . \" \" are not totally out of it but their have gone from one in six to one in 15 or 20 ,\" former told . \" and are but they did n't look at . If they go it is all over . \" Former added : \" It 's been a tough for . 's could be the . \" are but you just never know if can get one to 100 . There 's a 15 of an . \" Listen to 's of each 's on the Listen to from the on", "says indicated to his at the of the of who would be selected for the . He says that meant his \" lost half the on one \" . \" The knew straight away what was the and who was making up the ,\" said the . , who on named his to face the in the on , says each of his 41-man is in to face the . \" Keeping in the is paramount ,\" he said . \" It 's about giving an . \" It 's important these feel like they are putting themselves in the and have a to prove themselves , and with a little of are in for the . is not supported on this and appear to be in for the after reiterated he sees the as a \" world-class 10 \" , rather than a . starts on , with on the . \" The are pretty aware about the in that ,\" said . \" gets a on , and the other two [ and ] will get a in the next two . \" 's will start for the at . \" I spoke to last and he 's enjoying the ,\" said . \" We 'll catch up , and he 'll expect to have to make a few on the . \" We have n't spoken too much about the but he 's excited about the . \"", "The , who played 16 on at last , will compete with . started his at and played 51 in three at after a at . He joins new , , , , , and at . paid an undisclosed for , who was of 's at 2016 , but did not feature in any of their four .", "Those selling the illicit often disassembled and sent them in different or embedded them in old or , the found . found that and related generated 136 per and a monthly of $ 80,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 62,000 ) . The has gained following recent terrorist . The dark is a of the that requires specific to access , in for to remain anonymous . While the was unlikely to fuel large-scale terrorist , it had the to become the of for \" lone-wolf \" to obtain and , the said . Non-profit , working with , found 52 unique selling or similar such as , , or such as across 811 and 18 . believe the 2016 , which left nine dead , used purchased on the dark . Lead of the , , said : \" Recent high-profile have shown that the posed by or small obtaining illegally from the dark is real . \" The to not only arm and , who can make virtually anonymous , but also vulnerable and fixated is perhaps the most dangerous . \" account for less than 1 of sold on the , with its main being in . Nevertheless , the being sold \" can be considered sufficiently high to be a of for and \" , said the . The involved collecting from 12 dark during a in 2016 . Most of those selling were based in the , but was the most popular for the they sold . , on the , said : \" In very simple , can connect to the dark and within have to a of offering their , which are most often illegal . \" The dark enables illegal at a global , removing some of the geographical between and , while increasing the personal of both and through a of anonymising that obscure their . \"", "The and has been married to for 19 . A issued through his confirmed the : \" has filed for from his , . \" This is a personal and requests as he and work through this and focus on their . \" The have two together , , , 12 , and , 10 . once joked during a : \" are hard , . In for any to work both of you have to be on the same . \" You both have to have the same . And that is ... it 's all about her . \" made his as a in the . The then went onto forge a successful before appearing in like and . In his latest , Five , plays a who is persuaded into having his upcoming screened as of a . Follow @ on and on", ", of , used to weigh 70 ( 440kg ) but has lost more than 40 ( 254kg ) with the of gastric . He hopes the in will help shed seven ( 44kg ) . His had been delayed due to a previous criminal . still needs to raise about \u00c2 \u00a3 7,000 towards surgery-related . He was in the in for a with , who offered to remove his excess for free after hearing that the would not perform the as quickly as hoped . However , his to make a quick to the were delayed when his was referred to in , because of a for in 1986 . He has now received his and had been due to have on 20 . But this has been postponed as he needs to raise $ 12,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 7,400 ) to cover the , which include and . He is due to fly out later this . Last he was in the he appeared on The , where he accepted a from his , , who lives in .", "In a on , were found to strip of against . This makes the particularly promising for treating drug-resistant , the said . is the most common in in the . About one in eight will get at some in their . It mainly affects over the of 50 . The can sometimes be treated successfully with , which target androgen linked to the of male called . But some do n't work that . Instead they create an abnormal of androgen which is not linked to the of and therefore does not respond to standard . This is the most common of in which leads to aggressive , difficult-to-treat . The latest , published in the , found that a new of reduced of both . , and chief of the of , said it was an exciting . \" We call ' because they tackle several of the that are hijacked in all at once , across a rather than just a single signalling . \" These can hit harder than those targeting only one , and look promising for preventing or overcoming . \" said the next was to test the in clinical on with aggressive , drug-resistant . , a of experimental at the of , said : \" These are already in clinical for several of , and I am excited that our suggests they could also benefit with who have otherwise run out of . \"", "\" This will give all total to schedule their as they see fit ,\" said the . The ended on 15 . It had been in between the and to boost and for European . 's against in 2016 was given special to be played on the same as the last 16 . hosted in a rearranged last on the same as the last-16 between and , and and . The said the of the on , 8 was \" unavoidable \" , it was reported . It was also reported in 2013 that the was fined \u00a3 1.1m for allowing domestic to be played on the same as European . The said it will hold a general of its in on 6 .", "The 19-year-old was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on . cordoned off an of the as of their , and were believed to be following a positive of . with was asked to contact .", "and assistant will take of 's against after 's . want to appoint their new as soon as possible , with the first . \" We 've got to go with who will to get us out of ,\" he said . \" If we were to go down - and there 's obviously that - you look at the and it seems to have got a stronger . It 's not a foregone [ to go straight back up ] . \" I know and have done it but it 's difficult . look like they 'll do it but they 're a big , powerful who can hang on to a of their top . I 'm not sure we 'd be able to do that . \" If we go down , it 's going to be tough to get back . \" were promoted to the in 2011 and quickly established a as a well-run with a that played exciting , possession-based . Their capped a remarkable from the of a earlier and almost being relegated out of the altogether in 2003 . - a former who was at the throughout their up the - believes the have not been the same since left in 2014 . \" I think we have [ lost our ] . It 's just the of all the ,\" added . \" The best were , and . But we 've probably lost a of the ' ' . It has been diluted . \" We 've lost quite a few too but have we adequately replaced them ? \" is not supported on this believes the current is good enough to stay up , and the reminds every new of how far the has come . \" I know a of the foreign have seen [ the ] to a . So they 've got a brief of where we were and where we are now ,\" he said . \" They might not be 100 passionate about it but they know where we came from and how important it is [ to stay up ] . Not just for the but for the whole . \"", "shows that the total and is up 12 on the previous 's . start repaying their once their reaches \u00a3 21,000 but after 30 outstanding is written off . For those repaying in 2017 the average owed at the of was \u00a3 19,280 . That compares with \u00a3 32,220 for , \u00a3 20,990 for and \u00a3 11,740 for Scottish who do not pay if they study in . The come from the and cover 2016 / 17 . domiciled have been able to claim a towards their since 2012-13 - a of \u00a3 4,954 in 2017-18 . But the are due to be scrapped from 2018-19 with for introduced instead , under unveiled last . At the of 2016-17 there were 304,900 of higher in , with 191,100 liable for . As of the of 2017 there are 41,430 who had fully repaid , amounting to 16.4 of the overall . The covers Welsh domiciled studying in higher in the and studying in .", "The unnamed was stopped at wearing a 's and using forged , said . He was charged with endangering and . The led to a containing neatly pressed white with , black and , like those worn by . No for the 's was reported immediately . have established he sat as \" third \" in the of an which flew from to in . He did not touch the , however . is of the German , which gave no when approached by the but insisted he could not have boarded the without a . are now trying to establish if the flew on other . had long been investigating the , who had allegedly created a fake as a named , complete with a which included fake . They said they had been alerted several ago after he introduced himself as a to a civil , who became suspicious because he seemed too young for the . tracked him down from on his , in which he is apparently shown posing in and in of . approached him in a outside 's , dressed in a 's with no on it , and sipping . In the , also found fake and fake , the Italian reports . \" On at least one in 2012 , pretending to be a of a foreign commercial , and with a fake , he succeeded in flying as the third in the ,\" said in a . According to , a took on 6 . In , a on a where can track their also shows a \" \" flying from to on 23 last . The has of the 2002 Catch Me If You Can , in which played , a real-life who flew as a fake American in the . is the of a over .", "The must go further to ensure those settling learn \" so they can be more integrated into our \" . Asked about the at 's , said the last had made on the , but more had to be done . He agreed should be responsible for making sure speak . for asked if the agreed that there was \" a and an \" on to make sure their can speak when they start . replied : \" I completely agree ... in too many this is n't happening . \" Since last , from outside the applying for a to join their or now have to prove they have a basic of before their is approved . Previously , had to show only that their or was genuine and that they could financially support themselves . The prime told the : \" The last did make some on making sure learnt when they came to our , I think we need to go further . \" If you look at the for the of who are brought over as and , particularly from the Indian , we should be putting in - and we will be putting in - tougher to make sure they do learn and so when they come , if they come , they can be more integrated into our . \" The weekly of 's was dominated by foreign with focusing all his six on in and the 's in . , who visited for the first as last , paid an extended to there , acknowledged the in the from the normal political . welcomed the to have a \" serious \" about the of British in , saying they wanted to discuss their , although he also noted many often \" preferred a \" about domestic .", "The said the of in working in rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013 . Chief said to help was balanced by a \" worrying \" in working struggling to \" make \" . The said its for a national would help . \" is the best out of and in is at ,\" a said . A Welsh added : \" Despite recent to the Welsh , we do , however , recognise is a growing and are working hard to support low-income and deliver more well-paid for the Welsh . \" We are helping more access full-time , supporting into and are also improving 's to enable them to progress in the . \" are classed as being in if their earns or receives less than 60 of the national average of around \u00c2 \u00a3 450 a , adjusted for .", "said the at was subdued and many had not returned . They said had been taken by by the 's to reopen with only four and many were not prepared . More than 8,400 have died in in the 's worst of the . The of in comes four after the said the of confirmed in the had fallen to its lowest weekly since . At one in the Guinean , , only about 220 of the approximately 2,000 were reported to have returned . Of the 36 , more than were back at . Many have introduced , including and . has had a severe not only on public but also on the Guinean . and have risen , leaving many with meeting school-related at the of a new academic . remain closed in and , the two other hit hard by the . Earlier this , the outgoing of the fighting , , said he believed of the would be brought down to zero by the of 2015 .", "Seventeen-year-old was pregnant when she was murdered in in 1998 by . He was sentenced to , but has been taking in a pre-release . The said the ( ) gives an to provide and receive about . went missing in 1998 . Her were found under the of a partially-built eight later . Sentencing in 2000 , the described him as \" thoroughly evil \" . He said : \" The in which her was disposed of after her is surely the most gruesome . \" I am satisfied that you , , not only deliberately killed this young but that you planned that and carried it out in so squalid that they would revolt any right-thinking . \" Her , , told she was contacted by who had spotted the painting a . \" Even though we knew the was coming we are angry and fearful ,\" she said . \" They need to let us know when he is due for his official - it 's important for us to know when this evil will be free to walk the . \" said she believes is \" capable of \" and should never be freed . \" He took her into his , he tied her up in a and put a over her and covered her with ,\" said . \" He injected her with and when she passed away he put her in the and then took her down and put her in the to cut her up . \" \" You never can come to with what happened , we 're learning to live with it but we 'll never , ever get over it . \" In a , the said those who register with the will get about a convicted of a against them . They will receive about any temporary a is granted , the and in which a is expected to be released , any of the 's and any of those which result in the 's to . In the of , the can obtain about the minimum of the must serve , when the is being considered for and have the to give when the is considered for final .", "The Aberdeenshire-based said there had been an \" unprecedented \" to its for . hopes to raise up to $ 50m within six to help fund in . include a new 100,000 in , . It is scheduled to open later this . in the cost $ 47.50 each , with a minimum of $ 95 . According to , more than 1,200 have already signed up to the . On its , the said : \" This unprecedented to our first in the shows the for our in , and sets us up with a of like-minded ready and waiting to help us make our an explosive . \" Its for is the fifth by the , and its first in the . The has raised more than \u00a3 26m since launching its first for in 2009 . Its last raised \u00a3 19m to fund , including expanding its in and opening new . The , which closed in , fell short of its \u00a3 25m . 's British now employs more than 600 globally and to 55 . It also operates more than 40 in the and overseas .", "had won for after the proposed closing the final , which claimed was facing a \u00c2 \u00a3 2bn . have now agreed to to the in for it remaining open . A proposed national scheduled for 22 was suspended following at the . Neither the nor have given any of the . In a said the new was \" a fair and balanced \" . The added ; \" The new , including the to , will address a significant of the 's projected . \" Other to be agreed with the will address the . \" , general of , one of the four involved in the , said the was still facing \" \" . \" It was apparent during this that the was not listening to the of its , which led to a serious in and ,\" he said . \" All have already begun a with the to address these . \" employs more than 17,000 in its . It has in , , , , and as well as in , , and .", "The German , will pay a 78 to 's to buy the . is offering $ 92 a . While more than 's , it 's a to the $ 157 high the enjoyed in 2014 . The will make the biggest in the North American single-serve . \" represents a major forward in the of our global ,\" said , in a . has invested heavily in the . It bought and 's & in 2012 and formed a joint between and in . will continue to operate as an independent after the . - 's biggest - voiced its for the in a . will take a 17.4 in the new private . \" We have enjoyed a strong with , and will continue our with in to capitalize on the in the single-serve , pod-based of the cold ,\" said , 's chief . Despite the higher of a single-serve compared to a of , the of the continues to grow globally . According to over the next three to five , of single are expected to grow by 5 in the , 10 in and 8 in . The said the already accounts for 40 of the $ 15bn global . The is not without its . The plastic have been criticised for increasing the of in In the of the , , told The he did not use the and acknowledged their and on the . \" I feel bad sometimes that I ever did it ,\" told the .", "In a to promote , produced a saying : \" Bet wishes she 'd used a _ %.\" The attracted on social , with the Glasgow-based accused of \" \" . The said the had been removed and should not have been made . An of the was tweeted on by who said : \" Pretty shocking blaming here . Will you take it down ? \" A short later , tweeted : \" The are being removed now . They should not have produced and we are looking into how this happened . \" A for the later said : \" The are in bad and have now been removed from . The expressed is not consistent with the of this . \" of private of were released on the in . Other targeted in the included , , and . It is thought the were taken off the and were shared on other .", "The , named by as , 22 , was found collapsed in on . , who was found at the of and , was treated by for a single but died soon after arriving at . have launched a and have appealed for to come forward . No have been made . said : \" We know that the had driven to with one of his and met up with another , who had also driven there . \" At some , the interacted with a of up to four , during that we believe he was stabbed . \" The of then ran off down and into an that leads on to . \" The 's said : \" I 'm shocked ... I had to call 10 to confirm because it was just unreal . \" He did n't deserve it at all , he was n't that of a where he hangs around with the wrong or like that . \" He was a happy , the of that comes into a and makes laugh . I am heartbroken . \" are carrying out a forensic in the .", ", third in the , had only four included in for this 's . That compares to the seven called up from each of , second-placed and fourth-placed 's . Asked if that was a , replied : \" not particularly \" . \" You 've got to understand that although we 've finished the of the very well and we had away on and other , we actually did n't start this very well ,\" he told . \" We were n't performing either as a or individually at the that you need to to demand an international . \" I think is getting close now , you can see the of his the last or so have been fantastic , and I think [ ] is very close . \" But overall if we want to drive our into the international we have to perform at a very high and as they have to perform at a very high . \"", "will have a of 1,000 , but only 700 will be ready this to welcome . The said confirmed the remaining 300 will be ready during the 2015-16 academic . has been asked to comment . The unfinished have not been let to .", "'s and did not appear at a on in on . and has since apologised . said they had not \" organised or authorised \" the of the at the . 's said there are no official anywhere in the or at . The 's had featured prominently on . and said every was made to secure and , and that the was \" sorry to disappoint \" . She added : \" We were contacted very late in the by the official in to say that the we were using did not have the appropriate . \" We tried our best to resolve it in - unfortunately it did n't work out - and are really , really disappointed \" . 's will be switched on on but and will not be there . They had been due to share top with . Despite the no , gathered in 's and for 's on .", "The and , 51 , quit his as 's two prior to 's 1-1 between the two . \" When I heard was interested he shot to the of the ,\" told the . \" We interviewed two or three but once I knew was available there was only one I wanted here . \" The to the gives , who also previously managed and , a shorter daily from his . is not supported on this A released on said , who was placed on on 12 , had left the for a \" elsewhere \" . \" We have to move on ,\" added . \" We have a that is very well drilled at this . My main is that we have no here . I will think long and hard about bringing in that . \" took over as on 12 , bringing in former as , having had him as of his at and . The also named as their new chief / of European . of added : \" We are delighted to secure the of . He is an excellent and an outstanding . \" He has a of at the highest and will be a great to our . \" Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "is not supported on this The finished second but the final between and , 18 , was not completed in . said : \" Maybe I went early or too hard . It 's disappointing as we could have been in in the . \" \" It looked like went a little early . There could have been a where was just so amped up and excited by this , this and this that he was running a little faster than the was made for . \" rested but still won one , while , in the second , the recorded the fastest overall . , who won this at the 2004 in , were disqualified in four ago and have now made a of in five of the last six . said : \" I do n't know what happened . I just could n't catch . I 'm really gutted and it 's devastating . \" , who ran the first for , described the as \" unfortunate \" . He added : \" It 's one of those that happens but it 's a fantastic to run the we did . has come in at the last . This is a big and it can be overwhelming . \"", "A 38-year-old , who was a back , is in a critical but stable in following the at about 22:15 on . The injured suffered serious and . The was travelling south when it crashed with a First between and . The of the , a 58-year-old , suffered spinal and a fractured . The front , a 34-year-old , had to his and . All were admitted to . Three of the were treated in for minor . They have all since been discharged . said the and six other on the single-decker were treated at the . The had 26 on . A : \" We can confirm that one of our 38 was involved in a at around 22:15 between and . The was travelling to from . \" Unfortunately the resulted in a of and our are with the injured at this . \" We have launched an to establish exactly what happened and are assisting with their . \"", ", from , was trapped underneath the when it appeared to hit a , causing it to crash . The happened at about 10:30 on as was driving along in . attended but he died at the . There were no other involved . said there were several around at the of the and are appealing to who were in the at the to contact them .", "will make her professional in on when she fights 's . \" has a of and one I like about him is he knows how to take an and turn them into a ,\" said , 34 . \" He did it with [ ] and he 's capable of doing the same with me . \" , 33 , has gone from winning at the 2004 to becoming a two-weight and being unbeaten in 31 . has been training alongside the of , and as she prepares for her , and says doing so \" has left me a in , to be honest \" . She added : \" Like every , my ultimate is to headline a in and with the the is building at the I see no why I ca n't get there . \" Other female like and have been putting 's professional on the and now that I 've joined them it can only raise the again . \"", "is unsupported on your 26 2014 Last updated at 00:31 She released her first solo in 2013 , but she has a long behind her . She comes from a musical of 15 , and in this for the 's , she is supported by her , and , and her , all of whom are respected in , where they now live . is passionately concerned by the her native faces , especially , and is donating a of the from her to a . More from", "The at 's say are more likely to develop the and at a younger . Published in the , their of 61 separate suggests in may be altering the . said it was a \" pretty strong \" but needed more . has long been associated with , but it has often been believed that are more likely to smoke because they use as a of to ease the of hearing or having . The at 's looked at involving 14,555 and 273,162 . It indicated : The is that if there is a higher of before is diagnosed , then is not simply a of . , from the of , and at 's , said : \" It 's very difficult to establish [ with this of ] , what we 're hoping that this does is really open our to the that could be a causative in , and we hope this will then lead to other and clinical that would help to provide firmer . \" Clearly most do not develop , but the believe it is increasing the . The overall of the is one in every 100 normally , which may be increased to two per 100 by . The said altered of the , which has already been implicated in the . , the of the of at , said the had made a \" pretty strong \" that may increase the of . \" The is that it is very hard to prove without a randomised , but there are of good already for targeting public very energetically at the mentally ill . \" The said : \" We know that 42 of all smoked in are by with mental , and so any new about the between and is a potential . \" However , longer-term are needed to fully understand this potential . \"", "Two and a from were called just after to rescue two and the from . The and also attended , the said . and have warned not to park or walk on the in the due to the fast-rising .", ", 19 , signed a three-year with the on , having played three for them last . has also given a to following his from . Hibernian has also made the to on a one-year . The come with , last 's first-choice , possibly leaving to return to . , 30 , is believed to be keen on a to the . said of : \" I expect him to challenge for the starting . \" comes here as one of the top young goalkeeping in . \" It says so much about his and that he has chosen to come up to to get first-team . \" It is a for us to bring him to and I am positive we will hear much more about him during his . \" , who has represented at , joined from in 2015 , hopes to challenge for with the . \" I am excited at the of being involved in first-team ,\" he told 's . \" I believe I am joining a winning that will be challenging at the of the and want to play my in helping the secure the . \" becomes 's ninth and their fourth of the . The 24-year-old returns to Scottish after having played with before joining in . Dutch also signed on a one-year after the left in his .", "( ) gave \u00a3 20,000 towards the of . But the found the breached its own and in handling the . said they would learn from the after highlighted a of and poorly-managed of . also found the failed to follow when appointing for the . The of was organised by under the of its national and was fronted by the Welsh . The cost more than \u00a3 150,000 to arrange and the was \u00a3 1,368 . The saw a of Welsh undertaking a week-long through in 2015 to raise of the 's to the . It was arranged in of . The was set up by in of his who died in 2012 , and was incorporated within 's own official , / in 2014 . The awarded \u00a3 20,000 towards the , with another \u00a3 20,000 coming from and and \u00a3 45,000 from the . The found \u00a3 10,000 of 's was awarded as a , but the was not processed by the 's financial . Despite that , the were transferred . said it was not aware it received a rather than a and would not have agreed to it , had it known . To ensure the of was not in , undertook additional to meet the \u00a3 154,054 of completing the . were also raised about a of the 's financial in to the . A for said : \" The was very keen to learn from this which is why it asked the to carry out this , as we recognise that to achieve the of the , it is important to work with external . \" Such are underpinned by , common and mutual but can occur . \" added a new joint-working would provide a robust for future and require all to be formalised .", "The happened on , near to , at about 11:45 on . A local was put in at and , following the . have appealed to who may have seen the elderly , or the , before the occurred . , of the , said : \" The was walking with a wheeled , similar to a , and we 're hopeful who might have seen her will come forward with relevant . \"", "The was pulled over by in the of and had two other on . The had been seen in nearby at about 05:00 with no on . said the had no , was not insured and did not have from the 's . The was seized , with the three due to be interviewed by . Posting on , said : \" A strange to a . 15-year-old driving a as a for his . \"", ", 52 , of , , is accused of defrauding and and by posing as a of the for nearly two . He pleaded not guilty to both at on . He was remanded in and his is due to take in . heard last that claimed he lived in the , and that his and had died in the . The also heard he was given a , , , electrical and after he went to the , where he allegedly claimed to have lost all his , The had been set up as one of the focal for the local . The on 14 killed at least 80 and made homeless .", "built the in , in the , in 2000 and hid it behind . He told at 's that his \" beautiful \" had now been \" carefully dismantled \" . \" Hopefully , it will be rebuilt on another with full ,\" he said . At a previous , , 66 , had been told to tear down his by 6 or face . On , , for and , told the that had made \" very good in of complying with the of the \" , but that he had not \" fully complied with the \" . The had been \" very largely \" demolished , he said , but there was \" still more to be done \" , including restoring the to its former agricultural . He said the \" technical legal \" was that remained in of , but the had agreed for the to be adjourned for a to give him \" an completely to comply \" . Representing himself , insisted : \" I broke no . I was looking after my . I acted in good . I am a law-abiding . \" He described the four as a \" of built lawfully \" , but said he would \" fully comply \" with the . adjourned the until 4 , but said he hoped it would not be necessary for it to return to . told him : \" I assure you we will not have to come back . \" At the of the , he said to the : \" When I rebuild my , I want you to come and see it . \"", "The \u00a3 570m to extend the and began in 2012 . The first public started running at 06:00 . Despite facing for causing to and , insists the will transform the local . were initially blamed on unexpected of and having to be moved , and then on to replace of the . \u00a3 570m Initial 28 new 11 of new 22 new 20 million has reported the contributed to a \u00a3 165m for its civil . , who has lead for at , said it was a \" really great \" for the . \" With running from every seven , it is all set to provide easier to key right across the ,\" she said . \" The provides the to the 's integrated , underpinning all the to reduce , improve the and make an even better to live , work or visit . \" and the had resisted to name a for the new opening but final had been ongoing in recent . , of the and former said : \" We are very relieved , as , I think , are a of in . \" It has been a quite difficult over the past few while has been at its worst ... and it is going to do for the and the . \" , a in , said : \" We are optimistic . It has caused , normal dropped by a third but the have helped . \" Now we will see if the come back - but there are still a of outside . \" , a nearby , said : \" I was really pleased to have been on the first from - and seeing the from arrive has been fantastic . \" It is a really great for the and I think we will now see some real and the driving forward for who live here and who work here and who want to visit . \"", "working on the were targeted while helping with the in . said three have been hit in the past . are transforming the of a who died from . tweeted on to say he was \" really disappointed \" by the . The is extending the of , who has looked after her two since the of their in 2015 . See more from across and the here said two - a and a - were broken into on and taken . On a was also broken into , but was stolen . The have been reported to . of by @ prompted a local to get in and he later thanked them for their , as well as another who gave \u00c2 \u00a3 30 to cover . The to extend the is being completed by the and an of , including local and , in a nine-day .", "The said in the fell 27 to \u00a3 1.6bn as the of continued to fall in 2015 . It is the second in a the has reported a . In 2014 , it reported a of \u00a3 2bn . also warned there was a it could fail to comply with its financial this . Financial are that make with their to maintain a stable financial . have slumped by 70 since the of 2014 , with many of the cutting back on and . That has also led to the of more than 5,000 in the . said it could cut annual to as low as $ 300m in 2017 , down from $ 1.1bn planned for 2016 , if did not improve . The said it had reduced of 37 and was on to deliver of around $ 500m over three . It also said it would pay no in 2015 . chief said : \" Our in 2016 is to be equally robust in responding to the that remain in the . \" He added : \" . As we look ahead , we have a of , low which will produce around 100,000 per in 2017 and a major in one of the 's newest , low , in , both enabling us to create substantial . \"", ", 27 , admitted taking the without and while over the legal . He was spotted by a committing the and stopped by in . At he was ordered to carry out 100 of unpaid and given the . , who had moved from to , committed the in this . He had been staying in homeless in the and took the from . He then drove it across in a to get home from a out drinking with a . \" I was just trying to find my home ,\" he told the at an earlier .", "is launching a single of 522 of its single to raise for local . of the \u00a3 1,494 are set to see \u00a3 310,000 donated to to help build a of the 's based on its archaeological . The , which maintains the historical of the of the , should also receive \u00a3 60,000 . The 200 is set to make further to the local , and and , as well as a new with the to restore and conserve on the . , of 's , said : \" We have had a fantastic celebrating the 200th of , both on and with the of of around the who adore the . \" and its remarkable local are at the of . \" That 's why we were determined there should be a from the which would directly benefit the and its . \" We believe that our to is not only of great to the itself but is an important to conserving and promoting the and of . \" of the 1991 can only be purchased through an online on The . The first will be auctioned separately to raise more charitable , and one will be donated to the and the . , of and of , said : \" is hugely grateful to the 200 for the it is providing to further our about the archaeological and on . \" This in our will greatly benefit both the local and to the . \" While some of 's and are very well known and accessible , are virtually unknown , difficult to find and rarely visited . \" There are no many more waiting to be discovered which will help tell us more about not only 's but that of , and the of human as a . \" We are delighted that shares our to reveal 's so that it can be explored and enjoyed by . \"", "The took off from at 14:22 but declared a second a short later . It comes a after the same diverted to from with a . There were no on the . said there had been no on . The landed back at at 15:30 , after circling the for 10 . An said : \" from to ( 13 , 2016 ) , which was being repositioned and was not carrying any , returned to after because of a mechanical . \"", "The from disappeared on 1 2003 . Her has never been found . said she is taking legal over a 13-year in releasing of the 's last alive . has declined to comment . She said the that released in 2016 , 13 after she went missing , could have helped solve the had it been available earlier . \" They had [ the ] for 13 ,\" said . \" It shows in the that in the same she disappeared in . \" If they 'd have shown it before ... who knows ? \" We have suffered all these not knowing where she is . \" She said \" need teaching a \" . \" It is not about the . I want to force the to do their ,\" she said . \" If I got I would get for like a . \" is shown in the with her on walking towards the . She went home but returned to later that - the last she was seen . A cleared a of 's in 2008 after \" grave \" were raised about during his second . The in his first failed to reach a . In 2009 , the ( ) said contributed to the 's . The found strategic and tactical in the of the and several were disciplined , one forced to resign in 2011 . But this was overturned by a 2012 .", "The say is being treated as a , not a . have found from to another senior , who was arrested last and is facing . , of the , denies all . in told the 's they would like to know what 's was over . They said the received personal for of high-value , for the , the 100m and the from . say that received 296 after his written to the . They have not , thus far , made any with the 's to request a formal . was arrested during the and spent at the notorious high along with fellow . He was released on at the of but had to return his to the Brazilian and was ordered not to leave the . A laid against him on . A will now decide whether to accept or reject the . , 71 , has formally stood aside as of the of and during the . is the Dublin-based of , a corporate and . cancelled a planned in this at the of the , for personal . has not returned to since the and missed the opening of the at the on . He said would remain in for the of his , the former West German foreign and , who died last aged 97 . said would now not travel to after the because he was unable to reschedule other . The run until 18 . The last an failed to attend a was in 2010 , when missed the of the in .", "The final of the , a male called , was found by on , having been abandoned on a . A and a were retrieved on , and are already back at , of . Two have pleaded guilty to of dealing with of . and are not believed to have snatched the from their , but they were charged with trying to profit from the . - the 's smallest - up to $ 5,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 , $ 3,700 ) on the black . found the after a from the . A desperate for had been launched by the , amid that the would die within 48 if unable to feed from its . The was found when the was pulled over at , of . The female was found about 20km ( 12 ) away in the . Australian The said the had exchanged marmoset with a third via mobile , along with about how much a could sell for . \" Ay , check out my ,\" wrote the third , according to . \" That 's mad bro . sell it ? \" replied . The is now home and well , said , after they reunited it with its . \" cradled the straight into her and immediately began to feed ,\" the wrote in a on . say they are continuing their into the . The said the is currently closed \" to give the \" .", "That 's according to a new by a senior of . 's and said should try like to help increase the of female . It wants more of them working in like , and . The says in the are being held back by a of , middle labelled \" the \" who have a \" very traditional male and \" . chief responded to the for to use like her but we 're thinking she was n't being entirely serious . \" I 'm afraid I 'm unable to comment as I have an urgent with a in 's . \" While the showed 37 of at , and are , it also pointed out they make up less than one in five senior . However , have been changing in recent . became the first female of in 1992 . That was three before took over as 's , , in the British . In to the the said : \" We are committed to ensuring the most talented succeed and reach top , regardless of , , or . \" Follow @ on , on and on", ", the of the ( ) , said his \" heartfelt \" were with the . He was speaking at a held at the in , on . Five died and 50 were hurt outside , last . In a praised the , which she called \" an annual of your 's to promoting \" . and were among the who attended the at the 's largest . The described the in central a \" barbaric \" . \" No matter what may claim , under no are indiscriminate , or ever justified ,\" he said . He added that and \" must stand up against all of , and use all our to try and foster in the . \" Three were killed in 's when drove his into on , before stabbing to unarmed . was then shot dead by .", "The had publicly revealed she was expecting her third during a in . A on her on said : \" and are very sad to announce that they lost their . Now is a for and being together as a . \" We kindly ask to respect that . \" The Cardiff-born and her , , have been together for seven . She is already a to nine-year-old and , eight , from her previous with .", ", 37 , was being chased by when his hit a in on 9 2016 . and , who were both in the , died in the on . In to the , was also given a 15-year at . The was described as \" horrific \" by . More on this and other in previously pleaded guilty to two of causing by dangerous , two of causing by while uninsured and two of causing by while unlicensed . Two in the suffered minor during the and was caused to a on the of . said : \" This was a horrific which resulted in the of two . \" Prior to the was travelling at in of 64mph ( ) and failed to stop for a on . \" He took a massive that when he disregarded the and used excessive , he will now be facing a considerable of in . \" The is still investigating the .", "is now 81 and said she feels \" released \" from the that gripped her for so long . \" I may be old , but at least I am happy ,\" she told . \" I had n't really lived until I got the . \" For I felt I was in the wrong and it was n't until I was 69 that I plucked up the to ask for . \" It was only after a to with some , during which lived as a , that she realised the was she needed . \" I was a , I went away dressed as a and I came home dressed as a , but in between I was a ,\" she said . But was not good enough for her . When returned from her , she visited her , who referred her to a . She said : \" I had been going to the for a of and he said to me : ' Thank you 've finally told me what 's wrong . '\" Every three or four present themselves as to the and at in . They typically make with the through a or a every . 200 are currently being treated by the with 50 more on the . More than of them are aged between 18 and 25 . The of going to the is doubling on . The provides with , psychological and onward for and where appropriate . A gender to strategically look at the facing transgender met for the first at on . It was formed by the - The . It comprises from in and the , as well as a Presbyterian , the , and with a long-standing in human . The in said the was about \" bringing marginalised together , giving them to discuss transgender and engaging with in a that had not been done before \" . \" Transgender still experience in nearly every of ,\" she said . The will address trans-phobic and to and .", "The new was found beyond our , 100 away . It 's been named 51 b and is only 20 million old - very young by astronomical . The alien could give us more about the of our . The was made by the ( ) , which looks for young orbiting bright nearby . Our own is the largest in the solar - it 's so big you could fit over 1,300 inside it ! It 's also the fastest rotating too , with 1 only lasting 10 - but a on lasts for 12 . does n't have a solid and is made up of , giving it the ' ' . The has the strongest ever found on an alien . The also detected using the 's . hope that by studying far away , they can learn more about how common the of our is . believe the in our formed slowly - by building up a large over a few million and then pulling in a huge of and other to form an . This is known as a \" cold-start \" . But the Jupiter-like that have been discovered so far are much hotter than have predicted . Which could mean they formed quickly - as to make a scorching in what is known as a ' ' .", ", and haven been installed at with the first expected on , five before the . More than 150 of and will attend the two-day at 's . have taken over to manage extra . for the will be provided by 9,500 drawn from 43 with 12 ( 20km ) of already in at in and in . But the million is how many will descend on , according to , of the . He is one of a of 100 from several such as the for ( ) , who have set up the in of their needing to pitch while staying in to protest their in of and . like the have organised with being driven in from , , and . They also expect to come from further afield with a on including representing in the and in their to \" end the to and military \" . said it had been given the will be a \" peaceful \" and will not interfere with the 's normal . A said : \" is continuing to work with to monitor the and minimise the of such a . \" have taken over to help manage the huge already described as \" unchartered \" by the in . A told the it was one of a of local being used for various , including booking on and off , , and . The would pick up the for hiring the which is the of the , and , the added .", "The of 's took civil against a \" or unknown \" after her was said to have been hacked . The reported it was offered the , which included of and . A 35-year-old was arrested on of an under the and later bailed . The emerged after private were said to have been offered to the via encrypted . The said it had been approached by using a and asking for \u00c2 \u00a3 50,000 within 48 . , who led 's legal , said she thought there had been a \" genuine \" . He said it was a \" flagrant \" and \" criminal \" which had caused \" considerable \" . said they were investigating the and a 35-year-old had been released on pending further . He was arrested at an in late on . In the , and confirmed their , with a planned for next . Several high-profile have had stolen from their , including and . In , pleaded guilty to running a phishing to steal private and from and , in what was known as the \" \" .", "Open-side has been ruled out for four with a . made 133 for before moving to last , where he played 17 . The has won 10 and joins having initially signed for following his from . \" With 's and one or two working their back to full who are not quite there yet , we felt that we needed else in to help us through this ,\" said . \" We are fortunate to have with 's and available and have brought him into the with a to him helping us prepare for at in the opening of the next . \"", "The was heading through northern on its to late on when it was raided , say . The seized a carrying the and , later releasing the and two . The was said to have come from the Saudi . was hurt . The , reportedly armed with , targeted a at 21:15 ( 19:15 ) on the northern , or , at , on the of . The , belonging to a Saudi , was ambushed by eight in two separate who pointed their at the of the , forcing him to stop , French reported . The then drove the away with the and the two other inside . No were fired but the were later freed . \" In the there was roughly 250,000 in and official from the ,\" told . According to , the lasted just a few , that pointed to \" a very organised and especially informed , who had and \" . \" As far as I am concerned , it looks very much like it could be from eastern , who we know about , who are often paid to do dirty . \" The was heading to with for the departing , who has not been named , according to the 's . is often used for high-level taking private to . The was eventually found abandoned and another of the 's was found burned out .", "But they are also applicable when you meet - 's only at 2016 . After a 92-year , is back on the biggest has to offer , with for and . \" knows the is a great , no matter what you 're involved in ,\" said , during a between at the at , the of . \" To have the to go out there and to have the best in the is a fantastic . \" A former , the 26-year-old turned to refereeing in 2007 after being injured , and nine later has become the sole to be centrally-contracted as a by the . As well as taking of top 's , also referees 's at semi-professional in . \" is a of , and it does n't matter who you are , you go on the and you 're there to do a . I do n't see myself any different to my male ,\" she replied , when asked the obligatory ' in a 's ' . \" Over the I 've been a of an - there 's not many of us that are active at the , and climbing through the we become fewer and fewer . \" You 're there on the to facilitate the and the do n't mind that , it does n't matter that I 'm a . \" When you ask an Olympics-bound what their are , the is usually pretty simple - personal best , get on the , maybe a - but what about a ? \" My is to go far as possible , so if that means I referee the , then absolutely fantastic ,\" she said . \" It 's not that much different for us compared to the . We do n't come away with a , but to be involved in that with the is what you aim to do . \" I want to go out there , enjoy the and gather as much as well - and whatever comes after that comes after that . \" There has never been a in of a . If impresses in , who is to say she will not be rubbing with the of or in to come ? For the latest @ on .", "were down and the lost all and between the for almost five . had earlier advised needing medical to make their to the in . were delayed and cancelled at . were restored shortly before 17:00 . said the were caused by \" blown and \" at the on . A said 2,600 and 388 broadband had been affected . A of eleven were cancelled at and one was diverted to . and advised to contact their for further . has called for an \" urgent \" into why and failed .", "The 's said the \" growing and \" forced on was also a major . in also referred to \" about and \" at the of 11 for aged 15-16 . A former said the was an important and accused the of overreacting . , , said the \" significant and \" caused by the \" does not fit into the of our \" . Writing to cited a from an unnamed who was convinced the and the were \" not positive , constructive or healthy \" . The wrote : \" The financial and the inevitable associated with this is another very unwelcome , and sometimes crushing , for many . \" The from the also referred to \" and at \" as \" a considerable \" . It said the of trying \" to be slim , fashionable , have perfect \" led to \" unacceptable \" . said he could no longer \" safely manage the \" associated with the . The independent Catholic said it would continue to offer 13 a celebratory with their followed by a at the . The \u00c2 \u00a3 5,400-a-year has around 760 aged 4-18 . Former , 20 , said her was \" a first of \" and the should tackle individual if they had about or . She said : \" It 's really upsetting knowing those wo n't be able to experience an you spend a fair of looking forward to and remember for the of your . \"", "chief landed the same with the 's under in 2006 . The left the in 2014 , following 's . \" This is a for us to look to the and there 's a great around the ,\" he told the . \" knows how difficult have been and that has now been lifted . \"", "\" I was n't 100 sober ,\" she said at an with fellow . She said she \" could n't resist the fine \" at the which traditionally brings together some of the 's before the . At 81 , is the oldest serving on the . She was asked about the by the at an at on . was repeatedly pictured slumbering in her as addressed the joint of in the of on 20 . \" The for the most is awake , but they 're bobbing up and down all the . And we sit there as stone-faced , sober . But we 're not . \" At least I was n't 100 sober when we went to the of the ,\" she said , provoking . said she had vowed to stick to sparkling after dozing at the in past , but was unable to resist the of a \" very fine \" brought by . \" In the , the was so delicious it needed ,\" she said . \" Well , that 's the first intelligent you 've done ,\" quipped . Former used to give her a when he spotted the in gone by , said , but the beside her this were \" more timid \" .", "said from the searched an on , , on . The , 26 , was arrested the following on of under the . would not comment on the of the alleged but said it believed it caused \" no \" to the .", "said the might have \" crucial \" . A 17-year-old from has been charged with an attempted of a in on 21 . say the may have picked up two teenage in on the of the attempted . The two are both described as white and 17 . One had or brown and was wearing a dark blue , a long , black and black high-heeled . The second had long blonde or brown and is believed to be about seven pregnant . The or else with about the is asked to contact .", "posed as a to pick up his 25-year-old in before raping her at a in on 10 2006 . The 33-year-old Iraqi fled after being convicted of the . features in a most-wanted of nine who are thought to be in the . The has been put published by the and the ( ) . , from the , said : \" Those who believe they can use the to evade or continue illegal soon find out that it is not a safe . \"", ", 24 , enticed the to his in , , with to use his and offered to pay his . described as a \" dangerous \" . At , of , admitted 13 including two of and two sexual . He also pleaded guilty to three of causing a to engage in sexual and two of causing a to watch a sexual . also admitted a of and one of meeting a following sexual . He was also ordered to sign the for . In last , sent his a on despite having never met or spoken to him . The was then bombarded with private and offered to let him play at his . When they met kissed the and touched him sexually before trying to take him to his but the refused . He then pestered his , offered to pay his and went on to abuse him on two further . The 's came across 's to her and told her who phoned the . , of , said the did not \" show a of \" to the . She added : \" is a dangerous who preyed on a young via social before arranging to meet with him so that he could satisfy his own depraved . \"", "The arrived at the orbiting on , along with two from and . But what exactly will she be doing during her in ? The gives the to do scientific that cannot be done on , as the offers an of . Here we run through a few of the on 's ' to do ' ... will operate a called an electromagnetic , which can heat to 2,000\u00c2 and then cool them very quickly . This will be a to see what happens to different when they go from to solid , without the of the 's . It 's hoped the will reveal more about the of the and how they work . will be testing new and how well they work in , such as this . Using a in may feel very different in compared to on . So these will see how being in might affect how well an can control a or . Another is that may need to be attached to the so it does n't float away . The will also see what this has . will be doing of to see how being in affects her . For , she will experience 16 and every on the and be tested to see how this affects her . Another important is and . to see how much an would need for a long will be carried out . will record what she eats and her over a of . Other that will be looked at include how affects and why many get .", ", , was served with a legal for her in against 's . was previously arrested for protesting against the . against her and 13 were dropped earlier this . More from across maintain that the of in the is lawful and necessary . A \" pre-action \" from the 's legal to warned the will seek a to stop her , and involved in \" direct \" , from taking in future . The said the would give \" a to further and finally consider their \" before it begins legal on 12 . , for and , said there had been of \" unlawful and costly \" to in by a small of . \" We continue to support the to peacefully protest , and the of who are doing so peacefully will not be affected ,\" he added . \" But there is a big between this and direct which deliberately and unlawfully stops from being carried out . \" said had been sent a several ago confirming their were unlawful . \" Ahead is not just about , it 's about ensuring we have , and a to be proud of for many to come ,\" he added . \" In , it presents us with a unique to sustainably manage , increase and maintain our diverse over a 25 . \" The said , despite the , were still being disrupted \" causing city-wide \" .", "It clears the for the to make their the , which will be held in from 14 to 5 . After the emerged , lined the of the , , to watch the by on . play and hosts in 's . They will also face and in the having achieved a fairytale - one of the biggest in . Yet the that had been promised them for remained unpaid , leading to the going on at the . It was only settled after a of three went to see the 's , , Portuguese reported . They have since all received between 10,000 and 23,000 in outstanding , added . \" In the early of , the received they had to receive ,\" a told the . A , borrowed from , was due to fly the to on . The former Portuguese frequently beset by , eliminated former and in last . They were a Leicester-like long when the began , having previously won only four in and combined since first entering international just 22 ago .", "At an in , the prime said all good should be able to expand and his had supported that . The of girls' wants to open an in . The for ( ) is considering the which have the of . The forbids the of new grammar , but made by the in 2012 allow of existing . \" I strongly support the of all good to expand . I think that 's very important and that should include grammar ,\" the prime said : \" Under this grammar have been able to expand and that is all to the good . \" was responding to a about the the proposed grammar in . But he would not be drawn on when the was likely to make its . \" As for the that the for has to take , they have to take that having [ looked ] at all the and after having proper and making the in proper ,\" he added . is the only major that does not have grammar . made in 2013 were turned down because the said they did not comply with the . But the current put forward by of grammar are believed to have met the . If approved , the could pave the for more to open . General of the of , , has previously called the for \" yet another unnecessary \" .", "The at began on when two escaped their and threatened . was hurt and those involved in the are being investigated by , the of said . The said the surrounded a of due to insufficient . A of said \" two separate \" involving three had been \" successfully resolved \" on . He added the was now \" running as normal \" and said there had been \" some minor structural \" . He said : \" We are absolutely clear that who behave in this will be punished and can spend significantly longer behind . \" The ( ) said was restored overnight on but said \" both were destroyed and were now out of \" . The added this was \" another of a failed brought about by savage and unnecessary that has seen decrease to an unsafe \" . of also got in with the saying were kept locked in their for three , without hot , hot and no on some . , for , said : \" I was saddened to hear of the at over the last few . \" These are wholly and utterly unacceptable , and I understand that these have been referred to the to consider against the . \"", "is not supported on this , a alongside 's , averaged almost 95 in Test under , who was dismissed on 9 . \" A of for that has to go to ,\" said the . \" Over the past , he has definitely got the best out of me - along with the of the . \" was left out of the for the final of the in 2014 , but was recalled after was appointed for the second a ago . The has since amassed 1,135 . \" When I came back from , I realised a of the out there I was trying to work on I was n't too good at - and putting all my into that , rather than spending more strengthening the I am good at ,\" added \" saw that - and I simplified as well . \" , named of the for the 's after a of , was last appointed by new of . \" I was delighted , so I accepted straight away ,\" said . \" I do n't think will change much - just a more on my . \" If wants to come up to me for , I will make sure I have to help him out . \" As well as being named as the 's of the , was presented with a to mark her 200th as against in . In to leading to four , averaged more than 75 in one-day and almost 60 in .", "lifted the up to fifth , while have only won six of their 17 this . \" If you do n't believe you 're going to get there [ to the ] you never will . My wo n't stop until it 's mathematically impossible ,\" he said . \" We 're five off the . It 's not a with 13 to go . \" He continued to : \" I know we 've just been thrashed at , but we need to continue to support each other . All I can do is apologise to the after the . \" I always take the when we lose and I 'll do it again now . It 's down to me why the lost . What we 've got to do now is stand up like , puff our out , come back on and produce a . \" Two from set the on their to at the , while scored the only for ninth-placed . However , has received positive regarding , picked up in 's by . \" It 'll be seven or eight instead of seven or eight . We feared the worst to be honest , but we got the good it 's not too serious . \" He 's been top this , he 's got a great and he 's a tough little . \"", "fear the on the in , , will destroy ancient and cause . said the of had been reduced from 600 and made to cut the on the of building a new . The public in is expected to last until 10 . , from the ( ) , said : \" are very upset . This is our last of green . \" We take our for a in the , you can let them off their . If they build a across the it will no longer be safe . \" She added that the was the \" last \" to protect the which she said had been on the since the 14th . , the of the , said it would be \" inappropriate \" for the to comment at this . Following the public a will be made to the of who will make a on the .", "Temporary have been made to an on the to after it collapsed on 13 . A replacement has been in since noticed the at , , was starting to dip after heavy . The is due to reopen on 4 warned of possible future for . A longer is expected to cost of .", ", 29 , was in the near , south of , when the occurred on . said 's were too severe to overcome and he died on . On , a 4.2m ( 14ft ) great white was captured near , but it is not known if this was to blame for the . \" He was right out the looking to get a big , one of the that had been coming through during the ,\" , of the and of the , told on . \" He 'd sort of paddled out the , sort of past the slightly . And next all broke loose and they were trying to bring him in . \" His was broken in half , they found the of his ,\" said . had reportedly issued a before the , after an unknown of was seen in the .", "It happened at the open at 16:10 on , with two rescuing him . He was then taken to , , by a , with his unknown . is investigating the and has appealed for . had earlier warned about in the on its , imposing a on travelling to the . They had said : \" From past , we are expected to have over 100 . \" Some will be with on , is very important . Many and will be swimming in the . Keep your peeled please . \" The , at the , was to allow to meet the and celebrate their life-saving .", "More than 120 old or recent and broken were discovered on 's , was told . denies murdering the , after she collapsed at the in . The also had a \" terrible \" which had gone untreated . It left the \" deformed \" with one shorter than the other , the heard . said also had seven recently broken which would have made \" very painful \" , and an historic at least several old at the she died . Forensic of the where the died revealed of her on the and . Born in 2014 to a heroin-addict , the otherwise healthy was put with a foster by social . The was then placed with 35-year-old as the legal in 2015 . was described in as a \" healthy and happy \" and lived at 's in , . She collapsed at shortly before on 5 2015 . When arrived , had lying down on a and told them : \" I do n't know when she stopped breathing , because I was in the . \" later told she had popped out and left the alone during that . died from a of , , blunt and old . Of , said : \" We say there is no other realistic for the many and terrible that led to 's . \" The of , who also denies causing or allowing the of , continues .", "is not supported on this 's first in in four , and 's away to , means the between them is down to five . \" It was a wonderful . With 10 , that and was there again ,\" said the . \" I ca n't praise the enough . They 've got real mental . \" is not supported on this had put into a deserved midway through the first . However , came back into the and when was sent off for denying an obvious , the visiting may have feared another damaging in their to avoid automatic . hit the as the home pressed for an but held firm . \" We still have a long to go but that was a small towards it ,\" continued . \" The is positive . will pick up so we need to be strong . They have a , they have fantastic in every , but like this will help our of and that 's what we hang on to . \" I 'm really pleased with 's . \" was frustrated at his 's of in the first of the . \" Up until they scored we did n't compete well enough , did n't make enough , did n't win enough first or second ,\" he lamented . \" I thought we got a in the with the and we were much better after that . Probably they 've defended well enough overall to win the . \" When you give a to hold on to , even with 10 , it makes it really difficult . \" had made two impressive prior to the but he will have been disappointed to have allowed 's past him . \" I think in the to the we should have done better ,\" said . \" We dropped too deep and we should have dealt with the better . He got a free inside the . \" Because was on the , it hit the of his and squirmed over the . \"", ", 27 , had denied murdering , 32 , who was found dead at , , on 8 , but admitted . was high on when he punched after a about an . The at took less than an to find guilty . He will be sentenced on . The had heard describe a of domestic which left \" disfigured \" and fearing for her . In her described 's as \" not normal \" . She wrote : \" you are not ready to care for but yourself \" . \" You were trying to kill me , you were suffocating me until I nearly passed out \" , adding that if he stays away \" hopefully you wo n't go to for beating me to a \" . Later and agreed to meet up again . said in the fatal sustained multiple facial and one of her was torn . said some of the were caused by \" blunt \" . , of , , had admitted the had a turbulent . He said he was staying at 's when she confronted him about his who she thought was back in with him . said he struck her five or six and had a in his at the but insisted he had \" not to hit her with it \" . said behaved like an and if \" he 'd had a of \" would have called an after the instead of leaving to die in the .", ", and were travelling to at along the , near , . They jumped into cold chest-high to free the from the crushed and helped to resuscitate him . , 23 , said : \" I 'm just glad we could give him a fighting to see his again . \" The is in a stable but critical at the and , said . The stopped when they saw what they thought was a broken-down and some running along the at about 21:00 on . A blaring then alerted them to a upside down in a where they could see a struggling inside , said . The unnamed , believed to be in his , was trapped by his in the crushed and had his in . , 28 , of , said he was the first to enter the \" freezing cold \" which was chest-high . , from , said their as helped them to keep calm and they had freed the as a arrived . \" The was that crushed that at one I did n't think we would get him out , but I managed to get under his and get them free and snapped the ,\" he said . \" His was slow so I pumped his a few . \" , also 28 , a retained at , then gave the the . \" I 'm just pleased we were there and we could help a fellow human who was dying in of us ,\" said .", "The guarantees a of to the that wins the most in an . It is a key of a of promised by Italian . The seeks to end 's post-war of revolving , political and unstable . The lower of gave final to the by 334 to 61 . The proportional awards 340 out of 630 to any that wins more than 40 of the national . If no reaches that , there is a second-round between the two with the most . The electoral is expected to come into next . After the , said : \" achieved , promise respected . needs who do n't always say no . \" have accused the 40-year-old former of who became prime last of trying to consolidate his on . They complain that the awards too much to single , gives too much to select , and denies the to directly choose . boycotted 's . , parliamentary of centre-right , said afterwards that it was \" a very ugly for our 's \" . wants to further transform the Italian by abolishing the and replacing it with a non-elected with lesser . Currently , is often held up because identical of have to be approved by both .", "The rose 0.2 to 19,251.78 , while the wider & 500 gained 0.3 to 2,204.71 , just missing a new . The rose 0.5 to 5,333.00 . performed strongly , with up 2.2 , of rising 1.5 and up by 1.2 . Financial have climbed by over 15 since the . 's to reduce corporate and are expected to benefit the . Meanwhile , are predicting the will raise next , in another for . in general are \" benefiting from the that are done going down and we are going to see a much more favourable and for ,\" said , at . 's that Japanese and had agreed to invest $ 50bn in the also boosted , with rising 1.5 and gaining 1.8 . Other also rose . & increased by 1.9 after the said its new has gained more so far than expected . climbed 1.2 after the wireless said it was selling 29 for $ 3.6bn . was one of the top on the & 500 , dropping 7.6 , after it said had not recovered as well as expected . Quarterly have been falling over the past since led to the temporary of of across the .", "The 49-strong for the , which will be at in from 14-23 , contains 10 who won at 2016 . Two-time , 24 , missed out on the 2015 through and will look to recapture the 100m he claimed in 2013 . is not supported on this won 31 in two ago , including 13 , finishing fourth in the . will be the first the has been held in the same and in the same as the , which run from 4-13 . Six-time is not included after withdrawing from following a with , and double 100m and 200m misses out with an . , 26 , who has multiple , won in and at 2016 , but has focused her on this before her of her T37 100m . , 24 , won in the T34 100m , 400m and 800m two ago , a she repeated in last . , 40 , can become a four-time T42 200m in , while will be given the to defend her in the and and his in the . T38 , who has cerebral , can win her third individual 100m , despite only being 20 . Paralympic and are among nine from included .", "Shortly after telling the his the , called , received a from assuring him that would be made . His was allegedly raped in eight ago . But says he has been unable to get the alleged arrested because they are politically powerful . His told about the . \" I told one of them , for 's , I have just given , I 'm like your , even your is older than me ,\" she said . \" I cried a , they beat me all over my and ,\" she said . \" Their were still on my until a of ago . \" : , The taken by and his breaks of a in , where of sexual are generally cowed into . Soon after the picked up the , spoke with and promised him that \" the will be investigated properly and will face \" . The herself told the : \" I want to save other from such a . \" In the of the , the Afghan will be under to investigate the properly and ensure some of . But there are also that the taken by and his will embolden other of sexual , and have a lasting on how such are dealt with . , a , told the eight were arrested after the , but six have now been freed because of their political . He says he and his had to flee to the , , fearing for their . He has threatened to kill himself unless that changes : \" If they are not put on , I 'll have to commit to escape the I 'm suffering from . There 's no other . \" went public with the on Afghan . He later met the 's interior to press his . While speaking to the following the , he received a from . He wept as they spoke . was sworn in as Afghan in , pledging to tackle the of as a . As well as political , say against is rife in , but rarely attracts much public . In one that did spark national , five Afghan convicted of raping four were hanged in .", "18 2016 Last updated at 20:09 , 27 , barricaded himself into his 's in on on 18 . He was arrested two after breaking through the , heard . Unemployed of no fixed admitted two of causing criminal and two of threatening .", "hit 175 as totalled 413 at , backed by from ( 63 ) and ( 57 ) . Young then took two of the four to fall on his . But was still there at the on 41 , out of 94-4 . After two badly rain-interrupted . the remains the most likely . But the , so badly beaten by an in their opening two , have at least given themselves a of forcing , although it would take 16 in the to do it - and getting out twice . Bottom 's on four will simply be to avoid the - and they need a further 170 to do that . 's told : \" One of the told me around 10 ago how close I was to 25,000 and I have been sweating on it since then . \" I knew when I went in that I was 29 away . It got a tense as I moved closer . \" It is an I am proud of but there is still a big for me to do in this . \" It was n't a great for us and we need to concentrate hard to make sure we come away with a . \" 's told & : \" It 's great that is still playing and setting an to the young in his and . \" There is no I will be still be playing at 41 . That 's just silly ! His will be a huge for us . \" I had just got past 100 when the new was taken so it was important I hung around for longer if we were to get a decent . I started to think in of 400 when came in and played so well . \" There is a of because it is a used . With so much , the has taken longer to form , but hopefully can cause them a few . \"", "The African took a first-minute , but quickly levelled . 's put ahead , before 's and another from gave them a 4-1 . 's was deflected in by a , with the adding two more in an easy . 's opened the with a 1-0 over on , scoring the . Next they meet on , rounding off their against on . \" We spoke before the about any being capable of scoring against you ,\" said . \" We started in a sloppy , so that was disappointing . \" Our was good , we showed to work our back into the . The might end up being important . \" But if we start like that against better , it will be a to get back into it . \" : , , , ( 54 ) , , ( 41 ) , , , ( 60 ) , ( 54 ) , . not used : , , , , .", "He claims have only paid the a \" miniscule \" of the they were owed from on like and . The is suing for , according to legal filed in on . The is also filed on of his , , who died in 1983 . hired to examine financial from and its , & , which has released The since their in 1969 . He says they found multiple , and that the \" improperly classified \" from digital of The as of physical - which attract a lower . He also claims that digital were undercounted . In a , said he had been unable to resolve the without suing . \" The are among the best in the of popular , and after 48 continue to contribute a substantial to [ 's ] annual bottom ,\" he wrote . \" It seems only fair that these account fairly to my 's and to me . \" Specialising in radio-friendly soft , The sold of in the . The won three in 1970 and 1971 , including best new and best vocal for the ( They Long to Be ) Close to You . The 's was cut short when developed in 1975 . Although they continued to record , the eventually led to her , from . 's legal is one of many filed in the after a 2010 involving , which resulted in a that should receive higher for digital than they do when a or is sold . The is substantial . According to , get 15 of the generated by the of a . For , which are counted as \" licensed \" , the 50 . including , , and The have all sued , or threatened to sue , in to obtain the higher . were not immediately available to respond to the latest . Follow us on , on @ , or on at bbcnewsents . If you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", "will double in and provide an additional 210 by 2015 . said it needs to \" bridge a \u00c2 \u00a3 215m \" for 13,000 , blaming an \" unprecedented \" on its . It said nearby is also being completely rebuilt to boost by 210 .", "The 26-year-old signed a one-month at on and made his against in the 24 later . \" I have n't come here just to sit on the ,\" the told . \" I 'm hungry and are a top . \" and , 24 , have both signed short-term . returns for a second at , having left in 2010 . The former has previously played for , and .", "has a hamstring while is recovering from a serious . ( ) , and ( both ) are available to face on . ( ) , ( ) and ( / ) could also return against the as 's begin to ease . The are rated doubtful but will be sidelined for up to three because of a \" low \" . will have exploratory on a \" significant \" before a is determined for his . will have a further on a while is set to see a for a on a chronic . The of and would be a massive for an sitting fourth in the .", "They voted unanimously to ask to not allow The in to be turned into a . The has only one national - - while all other are run and independent . Last 200 attended a over the . The final on the will be taken by . Neither the nor were represented at the .", "is not supported on this opened the for the on the of , heading an into the bottom . netted his 18th of the shortly after the . But pulled a back with a neat and and 's levelled the in .", "'s in has met with at the to discuss a from the 's . The is supporting the to ensure its are appropriate . But 's said the was not at as young are not required to wear . Read more for and the The states on its that \" or are not allowed to be worn in \" alongside including a in a . , for , and , met the 's last . In a posted on at the , claiming the had contravened the , the wrote : \" I 'm insisting this is addressed asap with a of . \" Senior from will also discuss this with the concerned early next whilst the and discuss their next . \" In a , , for , and , said : \" Each 's governing is responsible for the and of its own . \" However , the local is supporting the to ensure its is appropriate , in with legal , and we are engaging with all to remind them of their when it comes to setting . \" , from 's - which works to improve for Muslim and , said : \" The is allowed to set its and do have to be mindful and inclusive and cohesive and make sure that they do n't breach their under the . \" But they have n't done wrong because there is no Islamic for a to be wearing a . \" The has not commented .", "repeatedly told of and in and at that he was single . But in he was living with his , despite having claimed to be separated . was found guilty following a at . The 59-year-old , from , had denied a under the that he fraudulently claimed and totalling \u00a3 39,808 . asked that be spared and given a as an to a . told : \" Because of the of involved a custodial is the only . \"", "The initial showed picking up from the first of the , when it was 0.2 . The said the was driven by , particularly , which more than offset in in the and . It added there had been a \" notable \" in from last . However , the for the second was in with . said the in was unlikely to change that the of will keep at their current next . of national said : \" The has experienced a notable in the first of this . \" in the , plus box-office from , was one of the best performing of the during the . \" While such as , and and showed some in the second , a weaker from and pulled down overall ,\" said . On , the downgraded its for economic this because of the weak first-quarter . The said it expects to grow by 1.7 instead of its previous of 2 . said the had now grown consistently for four-and-a-half . \" We can be proud of that , but we are not complacent ,\" he added . \" We need to focus on restoring to deliver higher and for across the . \" shadow said : \" 's reveal weak under a weak , and expose the last seven of Tory economic . \" for the first half of 2017 is below , and it follows continued showing working are being squeezed with not keeping up with . \" chief said : \" This will be taken as good , but it really does n't amount to much . \" The are the first of , based on very patchy . They always get revised over , and often substantially so . \" It 's the underlying that matter . They do n't look favourable at the , given the around and the on from higher . \"", "is not supported on this The says his have \" almost \" won the after their 1-0 at moved them 10 clear at the . dominated and had more than the . said : \" We prepared for it to be like this . It was the we wanted and expected . \" will be if they win at and in their next two , having beaten with a first-half from . Visiting said it was his 's \" best of the \" but insists it was of the . \" It was difficult , but less than you think ,\" he said . \" Control their direct to and control the from making on the inside . \" When we know plays in , we control his into the . and do n't give away direct as they have three . \" Wait for a and score a . We were able to make their important disappear . saw them . They were in our . \" went into the knowing they needed to win for the first in five to to have any realistic of winning the . But , despite big at the of the , was careful to point out his are not yet . \" We are not celebrating ,\" he said . \" is not about ' and ' almosts ' , it is about . When it is done , it is done , and until that we do n't celebrate . \" The is because we have beaten one of the biggest in the . The is because they have to win that and the is because of the they did all to prepare for this . \" I feel we are almost there but there are no ' in . \"", "Older 's for will call on and their and to hear their of residential . The will be used to develop for and public . It is of 's into the of and of older in residential in . She said she would highlight good but also show the of poor upon older . \" The of older , as well as those who care for and care about them , are at the of my as , which is why I want to hear about their of residential ,\" she said . \" I have travelled extensively across , meeting with many older living in residential , and have seen for myself the positive that high can have on 's . \" However , I have also received an increasing of in the past about the of and of older living in residential and I have spoken publicly about what I consider to be unacceptable across . \" The will be reviewing whether older living in residential have a good of by looking at such as physical and psychological , social and the . Her will also speak to , social and public . \" By giving a to older and their , my and will ensure that those who are accountable for and run our understand the day-to-day of living in residential in and the required to deliver the needed to ensure that that older living in residential have the best of ,\" she said . The of , , said his was dedicated to developing and promoting best in social and it supported the overall of the . \" Our however - which will be shared by many - is that the has not included a on the main advisory ,\" he said . \" As far as we can see who has lived in , worked in , managed or owned a is represented on the . \" In our , this misses the for working and to engage the fully into the . \"", "joined the civil in 2010 and is currently deputy permanent to the . He will succeed in the from . 's said was a \" highly respected \" . was educated at , . He graduated in at . He was of in the , from 2008 and 2010 , and a of the from 2005 and 2010 .", ", who is currently on at , tested positive for the in 2017 and served a provisional 30-day . dismissed the in . European 's governing blamed \" in \" between and two of its . A released on said it was \" clearly not possible \" for to tell whether is a prohibited by reading 's banned . \" The that the tested for but had to check with before making a indicates a , as does the that the does not test for it ,\" it added . \" The is clearly on to communicate to its what is and what is not on the prohibited . \" There are clearly in with to , which also tends to support the that 's own internal and in of this is incomplete . \" , 27 , admitted taking the without 's but contended it was not on the banned , which was supported by the into the by 's , and disciplinary . The has not played for since testing positive and moved to on in .", "If you have a you would like to share , please see below the for on how to submit yours . If you have a you 'd like to share , email us at @ bbc.co.uk , post it on or tweet it to @ . You can also find us on - # to share an there . When emailing , please make sure you include the following : Please note that whilst we welcome all your , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past . If you submit a , you do so in with the 's and . In contributing to 's you agree to grant us a royalty-free , non-exclusive to publish and otherwise use the in any that we want , and in any worldwide . It 's important to note , however , that you still own the to you contribute to 's , and that if your is accepted , we will publish your alongside . The cannot guarantee that all will be used and we reserve the to edit your . At no should you endanger yourself or , take any unnecessary or infringe any collecting any of .", "said on the of 's annual that he detected in Israeli suggestive of \" \" that occurred in 1930s . said the were outrageous , cheapened the and caused to . said he had \" total \" in . \" If there 's that frightens me about Holocaust it 's the of the nauseating that occurred in in general , and particularly in , back then - 70 , 80 and 90 ago - and finding of them here among us in 2016 ,\" the of said on . \" There is , after all , easier and simpler than hating the ... arousing and terrifying . \" But said 's were \" utterly mistaken and unacceptable to me \" . \" The drawn in the of the deputy of regarding which characterised 80 ago is outrageous ,\" he said . \" They do to Israeli and cause a of the . \" say right-wing of 's have called for 's , accusing him of dishonouring the . But said the was an to cause political to the . \" The against [ ] and the current against him are deliberate of of the he said last ,\" he added . The come at a of heightened between and . A of , and by and Israeli over the past eight have left 29 dead . More than 200 - mostly , says - have also been killed in that . There has been and over Israelis' to the . In , an Israeli was filmed shooting dead a wounded . He has been charged with . There has been some public for the but backed the military in prosecuting him . In last , an Eritrean was shot and beaten to by an angry after being mistaken for an Arab in the of , prompting about to thought to be suspicious .", "In 2016 said would stay at \u00a3 6.7m in 2016-17 , whilst 's and was reviewed . urged to drop to cut their to \u00a3 6.1m as the had not yet begun . said of was considering the . Most of 's \u00a3 80m comes from the . The does not expect the to be completed until the of 2017 . During a on , said the of , and 's to 's was currently set to fall to \u00a3 6.1m in 2017-18 . \" We are aware of given by our [ ] around - and this is an the of [ ] is currently considering ,\" he said . , who called the on 's , said : \" It is absolutely right that a takes to ensure that it has the necessary to fulfil its and over the longer . \" The comprehensive into announced in last , by the former of , along with a of a , prior to the of the , was welcome . \" But we are now in 2017 and still waiting for a promised , and there is cross-party about the . \" said there would be an about the \" shortly \" and promised that it would be chaired by with \" a thorough of and an in the \" .", "said the would be closed from 20 until 8 . will divert to low-level or , bringing and in some , longer . The is of a \u00c2 \u00a3 60m that will allow faster and longer to use the . on 's main to , via , are being advised to travel via and . That will take around 70 . , of the , said : \" Upgrading the will allow us to run faster , longer , greener in the . \" This will mean more , shorter and less on our . \" The long-term of this will be considerable , not just for our , but also for the . \" said the was necessary to enable major to renew 1,800m of existing concrete , which carries the through the 918m . The said this was the largest undertaken on the to , via , , since it was built . The will involve 140 of continuous round-the-clock , the of 10,000 of existing and the of 4,000m of new . has now launched a dedicated to give more about the of the . said : \" This is a once in a and one of the most ambitious ever planned on the . \" The will support the of a new of faster , quieter and greener electric on across the next . \" Although I understand that this will cause some to , the is working to ensure that are maintained where possible , is kept to a and that are kept well informed throughout the . \"", "is not supported on this , who took of the in the of 2012 , would not reveal the of the . However , understands that a , led by , is on the of securing a \u00a3 50m . The would see the former take an 80 in the . were previously interested in buying , and the potential new met last .", "The 's , made up of 25 of the 's largest , said the global was fraught because of weak and a of including a from the . It urged to boost public and avoid . The last made its second to global this . , of the , described the between and central in as \" collective \" to deal with the gloomy . But she said calmer financial since had reduced the at the . \" There was not exactly the same of but I think there was an equal of , and a collective to identify the and the to the global economic ,\" she said . The now predicts global of 3.2 this and 3.5 in 2017 , having previously forecast 3.4 and 3.6 respectively . \" to the global economic have increased since , raising the of a more generalised and a sudden of ,\" the said . It said countries' and public should be \" as growth-friendly as possible \" . But it also pledged to \" refrain from all of and competitive \" , amid that some are keeping their weak to boost .", ", and will take the in on with seven . selected the 10 most popular based on five national , excluding and . Those two and five other will take in an earlier . Former reacted angrily to his . \" The that they have left out the for the 2012 [ ] , the former four-term of [ ] , the of [ ] , the first female 50 [ ] , and the 3-term from [ ] due to seven before a single is is preposterous ,\" his said . In , tweeted that he was looking forward to being on at for \" a serious of and positive to get back on \" . The main takes four later at local ( 01:00 ) . All will be on , who leads the and has made with outspoken about many of his . A fun to the 10 Republican One of the Republican , , became embroiled in a with leading Democratic over 's on . The former was attacked by after he told a conservative Christian he was n't sure \" we need half a billion for 's \" . But he later said he \" misspoke \" after of his . Meet all of the 2016", "The joined on in , making five , and is one of four uncapped in the for the . made his senior for in the 2013-14 British and , and scored six in 26 . \" has made a big in his on with us ,\" said of . \" He is a great young and he seems to have found his at in his on with us . \" We hope he continues to build on that first and we look forward to seeing his here . \" is in the both for 's at to and the of .", "said would change when the for is scrapped in . The allayed about in a to . said the 's would \" give \" to . over the of some of the 5,000 at the and were raised in after 's . The announced that the would be replaced with an electronic in 2014 . The new will allow to pay the by monthly direct . had written to asking for of the 's . In his to , said : \" It is likely that the of a direct may mean there will be a natural in the of received , in to the of the . \" This may mean to and the to train on new . \" Any in of needed for these will be managed through redeploying to other of the . \" welcomed the 's . He added : \" Whilst disappointed that the will reduce the of at the , I can see the of both paying by monthly direct and not having to show a . \" I am pleased the is committed to rather than and I am sure this will give to many concerned . \"", "The and made the in an to improve the of and says it has already made a . \" I think it has ,\" he told and . \" If you look back , there have been some very poor - maybe this was the only they could do it . \" The 51-year-old former added : \" I think , to a certain , it 's worked . \" There have been some about being too flat but if you 're prepared to bat for a long of and concentrate , you 'll get . \" 's two so far - which have both been - have produced eight , with five coming in the against and three more in their last with . , , and have all reached three for the and says better will help sort out the best . \" Too many good were playing forward defensive and getting out to average - that 's what was happing before with the ,\" he added . \" Now those are struggling a little - which I think is a good . \"", "has just the for them . If the social gets it they could be checking in to . The social has bought up more than 200 of . According to \" feel you just ca n't build a corporate , it has to be integrated into the \" . A told : \" This is an in our and the of . Being a good is extremely important to us . \" We look forward to continuing our with and on local in the and to come . \" In it 's still too early to say exactly what may do with the and whether they will go ahead with a full giant where and local can live next to . No official appear to have been drawn up and may not move in for a of but it is considering building the . It owns the near in and has been the 's largest for . More than a of the there work for . for is new . In the a built the of in the and in was built for the . may be seen as a of offering back to the . The and other have been blamed for pushing up , making it hard for to get on the . Follow @ on , on and on", "died after the at on 28 . The accused - who cannot be named for legal - appeared in private at . The is also charged with having a or on . He made no , was fully committed and remanded in . Special were held on as returned to for the first since the . 's issued a of for the they have received .", "The has been with since 2008 , making 160 for the and turned down a new to join the . \" We knew he was after a new . He can come in and be a dominant one for us ,\" told the . Meanwhile , 22-year-old has agreed a new one-year . The signed by former , who has made one senior for , includes the of a further in the One 's . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", ", 18 , died from multiple after being attacked in , , in . He was walking home after spending the at . was jailed for with a of 19 for while and were given 10 and nine-year respectively for . , 18 , was also convicted of perverting the of . and were referred to the of by the under the . , 19 , had his increased to 16 , and , 18 , had his increased to 15 . 's was not considered by the . Speaking after the , said : \" These knowingly participated in the to assault and injure knowing full well that really serious or could be caused . \" is a real of our and it 's important that for this of reflect the of the . \" , who was born in but lived in for 10 , was stabbed while walking home after spending at the . He died later in . of , said the three had \" hunted down \" following a minor between two at the . He said : \" The three of them left dying in the and it was of the who found him and came to his . \" 21 2016 : This has been amended following updated supplied by the about the", "The moved to a ago and has played in more than 40 for the Scottish . His 18-month ends in the and intends to return to to battle for a . \" I 'll always have that ; the more you play , the more you improve ,\" said . \" It 's been my first proper playing 's . I did a at , but I was in and out , the same at , so coming here , the before [ ] played me a and 's [ ] been really good with me as well . \" It 's been good and I 'm thoroughly enjoying it . I came here to improve , to win and score . \" Hopefully at the of the I can take that back with me to and have a good there . It 's been a great and I 'm thankful for that . \" has often found and starting ahead of him this , but the says he has learned from working alongside in particular . He also insists that the within the has been a significant as reached the and have put together a of 25 unbeaten domestic . If can avoid against on , they will equal the of 26 set by the in the 1966-67 . , though , insists that the are not giving too much to the . \" The 's been great since one , when the came in and the came back for ,\" he said . \" We 've kept each other going , we 've had good , together , and done well on the . It shows in and if we continue to do that , it should be a very good for us . \" It 's [ about ] , you feel good , positive and go into every believing you can win . The more you win , the more positive you are . We 're in good right now and we 'll go into and ready to go . \" We 're just going out with the to win every . On we 'll show that again . We 'll be buzzing to be back in the and looking to put on a good . \" It 's more other [ looking at the ] , we just focus on trying to win . We 'll do all we can to do that and focus on the . \"", ", 30 , has signed an undisclosed-length after leaving the , where he failed to play a first-team in three . His most recent senior in came for in 2013 . , 31 , joined in on a short-term and rejected the of a new . The former , and found himself as two to , who played every last . will coach and , with leaving the after more than nine at the . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "and from , in , were found dead at their in . Each had died from a single . A registered to , 71 , was recovered by at the . recorded a of unlawful for , while finding intentionally took his own . The 's said she was shocked , but not surprised . \" did n't want to continue to live like that and could n't see a without ,\" she said in a . The , sitting at , heard , 70 , had been suffering from 's and . described how had been devoted to his , known as , and had been upset when she attended a nearby . A of after arriving at the , the was told arranged for his to return home and two later the were found dead . alerted after becoming concerned about them . They were found in a at the of their . The had been locked from the and the removed . Giving , said there was no of any third-party . The also heard had been concerned by by to move on to next to their .", "The said it has now turned back 633 who were trying to reach by . In a small , the first \" illegal \" into since 2014 , was spotted off the north-west . It was not seen again and the refused to say where it was . The usually refuses to comment on but on told local : \" There were 46 on a recent that did come from ; we have negotiated their to . \" \" The that they came on has been scuttled and we have been able to stare down that ,\" he said , adding that the 's was not to allow arriving \" illegally \" by to settle in . has been sending back to where they came from since 2013 . said three of the Vietnamese were now in in . told the they were being held \" for an indefinite for \" . The has said the are a of the 's . said last that handing the Vietnamese back to would be - the of entitled to claim .", "The , 23 , started on but slipped to fifth after an early technical . He recovered and overtook with 12 to go , securing his fourth of the and taking his to 248 . struggled to close down 's and fell behind defending to finish in third . - the of his in the top - gives a clear over , with four remaining . Earlier , became the first South African since 1980 as he won the . 1. ( ) - 41 57.678 2. ( ) - 42:00.418 3. ( ) - 42:03.661 4. ( ) - 42:05.916 5. ( ) - 42:10.899 6. ( ) - 42:14.750 7. ( ) - 42:16.200 8. ( ) - 42:17.110 9. ( ) - 42:20.749 10. ( ) - 42:25.576 1. ( ) - 248 2. ( ) - 196 3. ( ) - 182 4. ( ) - 155 5. ( ) - 149 6. ( ) - 105 7. ( ) - 104 8. ( ) - 96 8. ( ) - 96 10. ( ) - 84", "was meant to be back with winning , but , 27 , won the with last . \" We had a whole together last so hopefully it 'll click into ,\" she told . \" It 's clicking into fairly easily , we just need to get back onto the same technically and get doing the same . \" replaced last after she and won three together last as well as the in . And with a good in , says there could be some tough for the as to who partners her in the coxless for the of this . She said : \" It 's going to be a quite interesting with coming back after taking a out with the and staying here . \" There 's of about who will be in the out of those two . \" But I want to keep my on the at the of in . \" It 'd be great to try and hold on to our , whoever else is in the with me . \"", "He said it was \" dispiriting if pretty unsurprising \" to see 's turn their on the 's \" liberal \" . The former deputy prime also criticised his former \" \" over the . And , in his final to as , he predicted the would \" devour \" 's . A to replace is under after the left his with just eight . \" My 's may be much , much reduced in , but our is clearer than ever ,\" said . He said new , resisted by his in , represented a \" charged 's \" , and said there had not been enough to support social and . He accused the of ditching their to civil . \" The human we hold dear , our to in an online , our as an open-minded , outward-looking , are all hanging in the again because of the announced ,\" he said . \" The previous 's to is weakened ,\" he added . said he sensed \" a slight \" among the over 's to repatriate from the , saying the was \" ambivalent \" towards the 's in . And he called for electoral and wholesale to 's , adding : \" This of piecemeal does not go nearly far enough . \" He began his , in a half empty , by saying it was \" an unaccustomed \" to speak in the without being greeted by a \" disobliging of \" from the . Following the in the , said would treat 's as deputy prime more kindly than the had .", "rose 9.3 from a ago , which was up from 's of 8.9 but below for a 9.5 . also weakened in the first four of 2013 . Last , a separate suggested that , a of industrial , grew at a slower in . \" This is not the of a , it is a sputtering as continues to fade ,\" said at . By also said that slowing - a key of - suggested in and , and warned that the could fall further amid to curb the . Separately , of also warned that there was an increased \" \" to the . 's expanded at an annual of 7.7 in the first three of the , down from 7.9 in the previous . have warned that the is set to slow as the attempts to rebalance the by getting domestic to drive , rather than and . This now appears to be having an . According to , in the first three of this , the largest of the was - not .", ", 20 , came through the and signed his first professional last . He made his professional against in . , 21 , joined from in the and has scored four in 20 for the in all . are awaiting from the and the for the to feature against on .", "opened at 07:00 in the 's 15 , with expected to be declared after . will be counted after the close at 22:00 . For the latest from all the on , go to our live or check the on your .", "The with the # appeared in by the within the last . It is of a social supporting 13-year-old , from , . took a dramatic for the when he was diagnosed with on . He was due to have an on his at the in . However , instead discovered and removed a large primary and five smaller . The shocked 's , but since his they have received of from all over the . It began as a on and by , where 's is on the pastoral , and has since gone viral . The 's senior , , said he was amazed by how many have supported and his so far . \" We were in total when he was diagnosed , and really the just wanted from and to ask to pray for ,\" said . \" It certainly is n't a as such , we just put the on our to get some of our thinking about him . We had no that it would take off . \" We would use social quite a because we have quite a young , and we 've been posting about from his . \" The was shared 948 and it 's been seen by over 79,000 . It 's absolutely phenomenal . \" We thought there had been a , but you can look at the and where they 've come from , and there are all over the supporting him , which is great . \" But how did a social lead to the of the massive ? said that last a paid for the and it was erected at playing . \" We do not know where it came from , we did n't put it there , but it means a to have such ,\" said . There has also been a huge of on for the , with his using the now-global for their . As 's and continue to support him in his , it now seems there will be all over the will be following , to the of .", "in , , which makes for , said the potential of the puts 230 at . , which assembles the in the , has told it plans to take in-house . The said the current was \" no longer sustainable \" . The said it was a \" massive \" . has begun formal with the regarding potential in . The said in a that the by \" puts at the long of our \" . added : \" Having completed a thorough of the , we have regrettably concluded that , as it stands , is no longer a sustainable and will have to be significantly downsized or fully closed . \" We will now enter a of with nominated . \" of the said of a potential was a \" of a \" . \" We 've had quite a few over the , and has dropped off a little ,\" he said . \" So I think were expecting to happen . But not a . \" More than 250 were lost at 's in in in .", ", of in , pleaded not guilty to including and false . The , 25 , also denied of common , assaulting a and driving dangerously . The relate to in and on 4 . heard that the and the were in his in when he began questioning her about who she was seeing . A giving in said the tried to get out of the but the allegedly drove off at , through a red on . When the stopped on the in , the escaped along a but was carried back to the by the , the heard . An off-duty saw this and went to help the . When the tried to intervene , the allegedly drove his at the , forcing him to get out of the . The was able to pull the from the through the 's open , but the wrenched them from his . He then drove to the of where the was released . He is also alleged to have sent the a threatening that if she went to about the he would \" ruin her in every possible \" . The heard that the handed himself over to on , despite being aware since that he was wanted by the . But during he refused to answer put to him . An for was made but this was refused . will appear again in on 1 .", "The is an eroded that lies 260 ( 418km ) west of the and is only 30m ( 100ft ) wide and 21m ( 70ft ) high above the . The report how the claimed in 1955 . The feared that it could be used by \" hostile \" as a to monitor the . A small of military was taken to by the in 1955 to claim as . A was raised and a installed on the . In the , it says : \" This of the was connected with the that the had recently decided to set up a guided in , in the . \" The of was uninhabited but this wished to guard against the of hostile installing themselves on the in to observe the of the on the . \" have stayed on , though only temporarily , in the , including in 1997 when three from managed to climb on to the . They lived on for 42 and renamed it in at of new and in the surrounding . In 2014 , a broke the for occupying the remote . survived on there for 43 , beating the previous held by three who lived there for 42 . The also beat the previous solo of 40 set by in 1985 . celebrated achieving the solo by popping a small of while also sending a with a to veteran , of in the . His was simply : \" . \"", "received 's of at a at the 's . The 84-year-old also gave a entitled . , who was born in , said he hopes will accept him as an \" honorary \" . of said : \" has helped shape 's cultural on the global for more than five - from to . \" His with The was one of the seminal in popular in the 20th and 50 on still resonates around the as we will see with our 50 of . \" She said he had continued to make outstanding to the cultural of the \" underlining the of he has for and the has for him \" . said : \" As well as my links with the , I 'm proud of my with and and hope to continue my with the . \" He said he treasures \" the and good of the of \" . of were introduced in 2008 to recognise who have enriched the of and its . Recent include , of the , and and . The was due to be returned to its original at the of 2016 but it has been extended until 2019 .", "The , who is 6ft 9ins tall , joined the from on a two-year in , but has only made five . 's first in professional in was at and he spent at before joining . He is available for 's against on .", "Its new official is for the between and still to be a of \u00a3 7bn in 2019-20 , compared with the for 's made at the last for a of \u00a3 7bn . Its gloomier may be seen as a particular for the , given that unlike and the they are committed to generating a on the overall . However a small of the forecasting between the and the is that the assumes there will be a weakish after the and therefore spending will be a higher than the . So a senior put a brave on the 's with the and said it showed the of not giving them a clear . However that is not the whole , in that the also believes the is being a too optimistic about and in the latter of the next . In therefore the is highlighting that whoever leads the next may be forced to increase or cut a more than currently planned . This may represent a bigger for the than or the given that in the last few the have committed themselves to \u00a3 6bn of and \u00a3 8bn of increased on the , without saying where the for these would come from . In just a senior pointed to the 's projected for 2019 / 20 and said that would cover ( almost ) the . Well the says that \u00a3 7bn is a . All that said , the is a million from being devastating for any : the between a \u00a3 7bn and \u00a3 7bn in 2020 is just 0.6 of or national - which is a rounding in the of a that was a humongous 10 of just five ago .", "and , formerly a on the One , will join and when its new begins next . 's from after 12 on the was announced earlier this . 's to the comes more than 30 after her completing on the . \" is the I got into ,\" she said . \" After doing two on the when I was 16 , I was determined to become a . \" I 've presented and for the past three . I 'm delighted to have been asked to join , and for the new . It feels like I 've come full . \" joined the in 2005 and has previously reported for and the . \" I 'm passionate about uncovering and investigating new and excited to work with , and ,\" she said . \" I 'm genuinely excited to be of such a fantastic . \" The new of starts on 8 .", "A new published by the showed had a positive knock-on for regional . The total over the two-year came to \u00a3 4.3bn , which led to a gross ( ) to the of \u00a3 8.3bn . However , in was three the of the combined . The said : \" The of initial is ' multiplied ' as it ripples through the from to and to ( and to the of those ) . This is known as the ' '.\" The 's chief economic and explained : \" The basic is that when the spends a , the of that is ' multiplied ' as that spent by the creates elsewhere in the . \" So , for , if the were to buy a from a in , the would receive some in for the . \" The would then use the generated from the of the to pay their for the that went into the and to also pay their and so on . \" added : \" A really good of how this works is when the commissions a that is made by an independent . \" The might be filmed in using local , , etc . who are paid and then will spend their in to the of the Scottish . \" The revealed significant in the of following the of the new in , with growing 19.7 to \u00a3 391m . But in the , it fell 21.7 to \u00a3 199m , while the was down 18.8 to \u00a3 699m and dropped 6.2 to \u00a3 276m . saw the biggest of \u00a3 2.98bn - nearly three as much as the of the combined - which in generated \u00a3 5.65bn . , the 's of and , used the of the to call on to reverse its for a on next . In a he wrote : \" The wider of the provides an extra for to think again before it implements a next : a on the use to transmit their . \" As well as hitting , such a would remove much-needed from the 's creative . \"", "has been withheld since 2011 , when the put down mass Shia-led . But said that had made on human , including the of political . is to the 's Fifth and has flown over as of the US-led against ( ) . \" We believe it is important to recognise that the of has made some meaningful on human and ,\" said in a . He added that this did not mean that the thought the human in was adequate . \" Following the of these , we will continue to press on our human ,\" said . He gave no about what the would entail . The was quickly criticised by . , the of , said that the to lift was taking without any \" real or meaningful political \" in . She said in a that \" 's are bursting at the with political and the recent for political , , means that a political remains as far away as ever . \" Earlier in , was jailed for four for inciting , promoting and \" insulting \" public . Shia-dominated against 's have occurred sporadically since 2011 . died when the moved to quash four ago .", "The for the in was bought for seven and and signed at the by and . It also states the were supported at the now defunct on of by local and the . The is being auctioned by on 3 . At the of the The were celebrating their first one From Me To You , which stayed at the of the British for seven . said if the also contained the of and , it would have been worth nearer \u00a3 4,000 .", ", 56 , from , has not been seen since he left his at about 12:00 on . had appealed for following his . On , the confirmed a has been found but has not yet been formally identified . has been informed .", "told 's : \" The of is finished . We are now focusing elsewhere . \" said he was doing \" necessary due \" in talking to other . With their with disintegrating , the may be forced to switch to . are understood to be against supplying - who are contracted to until 2016 - because they do not want to help a strong become more competitive . is not supported on this The German is also concerned about what it and many other perceive to be 's of antagonistic with . 's with has been difficult for some , and appears to have become untenable in recent as the 's with the of of the French boil over . is the only other in , but would almost certainly exercise their over any potential with , who in any are not believed to be interested in a with the Japanese at this . , which supplies only and in , is in the final of to take over the financially troubled , although no has yet been completed . said the Italian was prepared to supply if necessary . He said he was not concerned about their for being able to build highly-competitive in , led by their . said : \" In they have big , with as chief and it is easy to think that if you give them the they will build a scary , which means they will be really competitive . \" Concerning my , my and know their own . For that I do n't have a , and is nice when you have a stronger . \" This does n't mean we will give our to or . \" But I do n't see any of to give our to any other or be scared of the before they start . \" This is not the right of or what represents . We fight with . \"", "The \" for \" forms of the second of a comprehensive of the 's . The has stressed that no will be given as to where can take , but it wants to assess the . have until 17:00 on 13 to submit . The will help form the . Two main have already been deemed suitable for in . These are and / , which have already been extensively developed . There are 10 further which are under as \" local \" , where will be encouraged in to provide and . Only relating to these will be considered . of successful and unsuccessful will be published in the final , meaning there will be no other than in of . about the and the required have been made available on the 's of the .", "The 's is mentioned in a in the delivered by de , from . 's at the will mark the of new weekly in . The does not have a , but will hold the in a local . Holding weekly was suggested during an annual celebrating . said : \" This was all born at the on when a was carried out into in a in . \" The was very , very positive . \" Directed by , won eight in 2009 .", "One , who were bowled out for 381 at to lead by 145 , looked in when they reduced to 59-3 and 126-4 . But , who made 124 , and , still there on 115 , shared 181 to leave the in the . closed on 348-6 , an of 203 . On a that has become easier for as the has progressed , the seems likely to rest on the of spends at the on the final . would perhaps want to post a in of 250 , while less would probably leave as . That the , who at one looked set to be defeated inside three , are still in with a is down entirely to and . had seen bowled offering no to and shovel the same to point for a . After was caught at from the of , found some from , but when he mistimed a to , were still 19 behind . But , playing characteristically powerful , and , who capitalised as the often dropped short , compiled their huge fifth-wicket to drag the back into it . 's 48th hundred took him past to second on the all-time , while completed his 14th first-class . Only when found some late did he have both and caught behind , leaving to accompany to the close . was earlier the last to fall , caught at off for 78 , missing a maiden first-class hundred , just like , who fell to the same for 93 .", "first went off as , a pro-government , defended the of , said . quipped on : \" The 's has hit them in the . \" The was later suspended . faces a severe and are frequent . said other in the same of the , , were also hit by , on . 's is controlled by the . , an , tweeted a of the in the . , also from the , said : \" What a : the was interrupted because the went off . Right on the we 're discussing the . \" Oil-rich is in the of a deep economic caused by a in global . The is suffering from a of basic , and . Earlier this , the introduced and a two-day for public as to tackle the . It said a major , which dramatically reduced at its main hydroelectric , was to blame . But the accused of . Some of the have already been lifted .", ", 25 , and 23-year-old , started their at . Both have become since joining , with winning 29 international and 23 . They were both at the on the of in . , who was of at the , said they were \" big \" when they were 11 or 12 and caused the \" a of \" \" If you saw them in and they were walking to the or to they 'd always have a in their and throwing it from one of the to the other over the ,\" he said . also recounted the when , their at nearby , was knocked to the by after asking him \" did he play \" . \" grunted ' yes ' , so picked up a and ran straight through him when he was about 13 ,\" said .", "was born on 29 1899 in the of . She was officially the last born in the still living . She had attributed her to her and a of three a , two of them raw . was the oldest of eight , all of whom she has outlived . She died at her in the northern of . Her not only spanned three but also survived an abusive , the of her only , two and more than 90 Italian . had admitted that her was partly down to : her reached 91 and several reached their . But it was also down to a rather unusual of three - two raw - each for more than 90 . It was a she took up as a young , after the diagnosed her with shortly after . She had cut down to just two a , and a few recently . Her of 27 , , had told that she rarely ate or . \" When I met her , she ate three per , two in the and then an at , and at . \" also credited her to her , in 1938 , to kick out her - a after her died at just six old . The had never been healthy , she said . She had been in with a who was killed during , and had no in marrying else . But , she told in an when she was a spritely 112 that she was left with little . \" He told me : ' If you 're lucky you marry me , or I 'll kill you ' . I was 26 old . I got married . \" Eventually , it became too much . Though they separated in 1938 , they remained married until he died in 1978 . , who worked until she was 75 , chose never to marry again . \" I did n't want to be dominated by ,\" she told the . She had only taken on a full-time a of ago - but had not left her small two-room for 20 . According to the ( ) , the 's oldest human is now Jamaican , who was born on 10 , 1900 .", "suffered a European as they conceded nine in a 64-14 in . With 's of the kicking six and organising the , believes will be hard to beat . \" It 's difficult to stop a like - they 've got the complete ,\" said . \" They are the best in . \" in are up there , playing very good . But I think , with the they 've got , the of and the different in their , have the . \" beat 29-12 in in , before made his for the French . \" They had a different when we played them before - they were happy to live off our ,\" continued . \" But they upped the and brought the to us and they have definitely improved . \" coming in , of , a , really organising the - he 's made a big to their back . \" He allows to play off him and his - you could just hear him talking - he 's a huge to any . He 's the best in the and it shows . \" However , was not happy with his 's at . were under , but had stood up to 's before the Welsh 's second was shown a yellow for a high on deep in . And within five , followed the into the for a . At that the was 10-0 , but by the returned , trailed 31-0 . \" Twenty-one came pretty quickly ,\" said . \" Look , they are a when it 's 15 on 15 , let alone taking one and then two off , so that did hurt us . \" So I was disappointed with our in that early of the . \" have now lost all five of their this - with the of still to come .", "The were level at the with and crossing for the and and going over for . took the when kicked a , after the had been penalised for . That looked to be the winning , but the eventually made their tell when crashed over . The 's second of the gave the a first of the , and they are now just one off 11th-placed . will ease some of the on , but his did it the hard . They were much the better in the first but went in level at the after individual contributed to them failing to add to their 12 . had a ruled out by the at 14-12 up , before 's decisive gave a vital two . : , , , , , , , , , , , , . : , , , . : , , , , , , , , , , , , . : , , , . v in the fifth is live on on , 23 on and online from 14:55 , along with live online .", ", from , , could not compete at the because of her . She said she was unhappy with the from the ( ) . said the did all it could to help . The of ( ) said was ineligible to compete for because she had competed in professional in the , which she denied . of the she competed in have also since confirmed she did so on an amateur . A further states any returning from another individual should apply to an international to become eligible to box again . said she was never told about the , which had to be submitted by , and felt the let her down . She now trains at and has her first professional in on 30 . She added : \" I would never go back to after this , because if you do n't have in the who are supposed to be fighting your , at the of , what 's the ? \" said the whole was \" regrettable \" .", "won 6-3 7-5 in a largely commanding . The , who has now won seven this , has beaten the on nine successive . , who was beaten in the third at by , will represent at the . \" I do n't need to explain that every dreams of being a of the ,\" he said . \" I 'm competing in and . \" Hopefully I 'll get at least one . \"", "However , the has underlined that any forward will need to exhibit even more than two of his promising . \" If I bring another in he 's got to be better than young and ,\" said . \" I would be looking for the more experienced , and another would come in handy as well . \" , a London-born who has progressed through 's , glanced in a fine equalising against on to ensure 's left with a . The former stated in no uncertain that he wants to \" eradicate \" the that allowed to lead twice in their first of the . labelled \" not picking up \" as the for conceding the opening and a \" crazy \" as the former gave the a second . An \" exceptional \" and 's kept on . \" To score a like that is not the easiest ,\" added . \" He put it right in the so to him . \" He made an when he came on and he might be due a longer from the . Next up for the is the of on .", "'s and , are among a who have found ancient , possibly 2,000 old . The were made in in the western Brazilian . from the of and , and 's \u00a3 o , are also of the . Their investigated ditched which were concealed for by bamboo-dominated until modern allowed the of more than 450 large geometrical \" \" . The said the of these mysterious is still little understood . They are unlikely to be , since have recovered very few during , and their does not suggest they were built for defensive . Instead it is thought they were used only sporadically , perhaps as , similar to the of , or 's own . Although - who has analysed from the - said the in which they were built were very different to other ritual around the . He looked at - a of microscopic made of - to reconstruct ancient ; , to assess the of ancient ; and , to indicate the of growing there in the . \" The are that the were constructed amongst taller . So , unlike the towering of , they were likely not visible above the , and this raises about their ,\" he explained . It had been assumed prior to the of in the early 16th , the Amazonian had been pristine , free from human . But the new indicates a wide of spread over 6,000 , which could only have been artificially brought together by . It suggested instead of burning large of - either for or agricultural - transformed their by concentrating on economically valuable such as . The have likened it to a of \" prehistoric \" of useful . They said there is \" tantalizing \" to suggest the of some of 's remaining may retain a strong of these ancient \" \" to this .", "Two of the come from the of , which was a in the . \" As far as I am concerned , is the most metal fictional that I know ,\" the said . \" Single handed , he is trying to change the , regardless of any personal . It is a wonderful to sing . \" The also includes an ear-splitting of 's My - originally written by - which originally released in 2006 . \" My is a very remarkable ,\" said the in a . \" It is also difficult to sing because you 've got to convince that what you 're singing about is the . \" launched his in the , with an of , including I Stole The from and 's The , and from . In 2010 , his : By the and the , which told the of the first won a of from . His latest , , is a with Italian symphonic , Of . \" I associate heavy with because of the tremendous that the delivers ,\" he has said . The is known for his numerous as , as well as playing in The With The , in Of The , and in the . Last , he was presented with a from the .", "took of the in when they were winless in their opening eight , but guided them to 17th and . \" I do n't want to go through that again ,\" he told . added that he plans to discuss with in the next few . survived with a to spare after over with describing it as a \" miraculous . \" However the former and , who has never been relegated , says the must learn from its this . \" Our has been a difficult . I do n't want to go through that again - that 's the most important for me , not to put myself through what I did to get where we are ,\" he added . \" The has given me great . It has n't made me forget about when it was tough , and we have to make sure it does n't happen again . \" ended the with only one in 11 , and were unbeaten in their last six . plans to discuss with when he is back from a - a that \" will be one of great \" according to the the . \" We will have a of off and then see what the is ,\" said . \" I ca n't look or see in to the . It looks very positive but until we need to get down and talk about it . Then we can move forward . \"", "He retained his with 41,337 , ahead of , who received 25,229 . Those were a of first and second as there was no overall with 50 after the initial . The total was 79,829 - 19.73 of the , which was up 5 from the 2012 . standing in are listed below . are listed alphabetically by . : tap here to see the . More is available on the my .", "Her , who had been staying at the of , popped into the in on . The had earlier been at 's 200th . She is very rarely seen eating out at public , but the 650-year-old has been linked to the since the . In 1580 , of gifted the an ornate 's . It is believed he , and his of , stopped by the many to play in the . As a of he presented the with the unusual which remained on for 300 before being sold at to the of . A said : \" I can confirm the was here . \" He refused to give on what she ordered . However , it has been reported that the and her enjoyed two of and a of .", "was convicted of killing in a in , of , last . will face between six and 12 . The has strained between the and the , a former where the have a significant military . The was on in on 11 2014 , after joint military with the Philippine , when he met in a . said they left together and checked into a , where she was found dead the next , apparently strangled and with her inside the . had previously testified in that he had attacked after he realised she was transgender , but said she was still alive when he left the . The had argued should be convicted of , but the downgraded this to . was also ordered to pay at least 4.5 million ($ 95,350 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 63,140 ) to 's . 's , , told : \" We expected a but instead got . We are not content with the . \" will be temporarily detained in a Philippine until the and agree on where he should be held during his . The has led to from left-wing for the to end its military with the . Under the , the can prosecute military but the retains over them \" from the of the until of all judicial \" , the reports .", "of suspected in elite was revealed this by a and . \" Future will see the and see it 's not an at all ,\" representative told on . \" I think if is found to be doing it , that should be them . They should n't be playing again . \" , 31 , and his , were beaten 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 in the first of the on by and . \" The key about is that it 's pure , you do n't know the of any given , and that 's what pay to come and watch ,\" he added . \" You never know what 's going to happen . That 's key and they have to preserve that . \" I 've never been approached to take or to fix a or lose a . It does go on because have been banned at lower . I 'm surprised to see the come out and talk about higher ; I certainly have n't been aware of going on there . \" The said he had no as to the of the suspected , and suggested additional could be granted to the ( ) , to police the . \" Your is as good as mine ,\" he said of those involved . \" There were no in the because it 's very difficult to prove . I think that 's the the has in that a can be reported or look suspicious , but it does n't necessarily mean are guilty . \" It can just be throwing on a . \" was adamant , though , that no such were occurring in . \" I think if you 're sitting at or buying a to come and watch here at the , I 've no in my you 're watching pure ,\" he said . \" going at it and the best winning on that . There 's no in my that is the here . \"", ", formerly known as , was sentenced to 35 in military for leaking a massive of classified . After the , she announced the to live as a . However , the prohibits transgender from serving openly in the . , the , confirmed to the that had approved a from the to \" evaluate potential for diagnosed with gender \" . The first reported the was weighing a potential to civilian , citing unnamed . But on , said no such had been been made yet . \" Any such will , of , properly balance the 's medical with our to ensure remains behind ,\" he said . A local in , , approved 's last , a the did not oppose . has been diagnosed by military multiple with , the of one 's being at with the assigned at . But she has requested , including , and the to live as a . According to a filed by 's , a military at - where she is being held - had approved a by 2013 . But it was delayed as it was sent higher up the of for . The is required to treat diagnosed of its but its allows summary of transgender . has said the military on transgender \" continually should be reviewed \" . \" Every qualified who wants to serve our should have an if they fit the and can do it ,\" said on , but he did not say if he believed it should be overturned . Despite this , a recent by a estimated there were about 15,000 transgender serving in the armed . will not be discharged from the until she finishes her . A recently denied a . from military to civilian of are not unprecedented , but they are usually done after the has been discharged from the .", ", 22 , was seeded eighth in the but lost 7-5 6-2 to the 101 in . The British one , ranked 46 in the , converted just one of seven in the first and the dominated the second . 's early comes less than a after her first-round in straight at the .", ", who was recently released by , was on with the in the last few of the 2016-17 . And the has now signed a one at . told the 's : \" I was very impressed with in his and he will go straight into the first . \" has been included in 's for their opening in on . finished fourth in the in 2016-17 and go into the later this . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "30 2016 Last updated at 17:39 In the last alone they 've bought up , and which owned The - leading to that they are now so powerful that they have colonised . 's says can reinvent itself \" like the \" . He told 4 's The at One that has been successful at selling itself by doing \" in an ambivalent \" .", "from the , , show it was the highest for five . placed through tend to be those who did not get the for their favoured . But a in has left looking to fill more than usual . There have been of some leading offering through . This 's early is nearly double the of placed through the at the same five ago . Overall , 437,070 have been accepted on to - the vast getting the for their chosen of . This is down 1.3 on the same last , show . About 134,840 are still registered as looking for in . Since 2013 , have been able to recruit unlimited of who achieved certain in their . It comes after the of awarded top rose slightly on last . chief said with nearly 45,000 looking for there was a huge of out there .", "Foreign have been blamed for driving up the of real in and . Hurt by failing , 's ailing has become a major as the elects new . said that about 15 of in are n't being lived in . \" If such foreign , non-resident are artificially driving up the of real and Canadian are shut out of the , that is a we can and should do about ,\" said said , who was campaigning in on . While in the 's have fallen , have remained high in and . The average of a detached in - the 's most expensive - is more than $ 1 million ( \u00c2 \u00a3 640,000 ) . 's said it was looking into on foreign that have been put in by other western . limits the of foreign to purchase existing for , and only allow foreign resulting in new . If necessary , said the Conservative will take in with the to make sure foreign non-resident \" supports the and of for . \" His also announced that will now be permitted to withdraw $ 35,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 17,241 ) instead of $ 25,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 12,315 ) from to purchase their first .", ", from , was born with a rare and had the life-saving on . His donated of his after no suitable was found from the . , a former , said : \" The are very happy with their . \" She said it had been a \" very , very difficult 12 \" , adding : \" The were satisfactory . is going on according to .... the are very happy with their . \" was born with biliary , which meant he had blocked . He had a before his first but that had begun to fail , so a second was required . underwent the on at 's and was operated on at in the . His said : \" I used to look after him ( ) three a when his went back to teaching and he got to know me very well . \" I think we 've got a special . He was born on my 63rd . \" She said 's two-year-old , , has been \" impeccably behaved \" . \" It 's hard for him . It 's the first he 's been away from his for as long as this and he obviously misses , as we all do . \" She added : \" It 's brilliant with the ( the have ) had and the we 've had as . \" The whole 's pulled together and they have a wonderful of . \"", ", 17 , of , died of 's in 2013 after publishing her . , 33 , admitted getting her 's to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,000 for her to go on a to in . admitted and was jailed for 10 suspended for two . The also heard how sold for a false and never handed over the . She also told the that she was unable to transfer after the to . Sentencing , said she had committed an \" unpleasant and serious \" . 's was founded in 2012 by who 16 at the . The wanted to provide in for seriously ill and their . The top on her was the that in the would sign up as a , an which praised in the of . It is estimated that about 40,000 signed up as as a direct of her . and her raised more than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 .", "sent about 4,000 to a 14-year-old from and met her in a , ( ) said . The had previously been dismissed by the after he stole and visited without . , of , was sentenced at . He was also given a sexual and will be on the offenders' for . He admitted six of sexual with a , one of and one of taking indecent of a . suspended in 2014 after finding he had \" used his inappropriately \" while entering a without on an independent . But , after removing his and from him , was again found to have gone to a sixth while wearing . On searching his , found a large of to the of \u00c2 \u00a3 970 and arrested him on of . Subsequent of inappropriate with prompted a new in 2015 . 's confiscated and revealed 4,000 had been sent to a 14-year-old in . She revealed they had met up in a booked by . He was then charged with a of sexual and remanded in before being formally dismissed in . said : \" I am pleased that is now off the and unable to harm any more young . \" We are continuing to investigate the that may have more and we are appealing for who may have been approached inappropriately by him online , or in , to come and speak to . \"", "The said the included a that a would be retained as the second of on new being rolled out next . The led to several of over the . Further industrial was suspended earlier this for more . said the would now present the to its in a company-wide . The said had also taken with , the , and a similar in-principle reached . The said it would make its clear once the proposed has been discussed by its national on . said : \" I am pleased that we have reached an in-principle with the and that , if formally agreed , will bring this to an . \" This will end the for our and our , and will allow us to concentrate on delivering the best possible for , every single . \" What we have put forward in our will make our more efficient and more effective while maintaining and enhancing the we provide to our . \" It means that the new faster , longer , greener that will arrive in next really will be a in how we deliver our . \" An said : \" After long hard at the , and a sustained of determined and solid industrial involving our , 's will be reporting back to the where the will be considered in full . \" A further will be issued by the after that executive . \"", "The has been seen at , in . Humpback are not uncommon in , but a large so far up the is a more unusual . is warning to keep a safe from the . , , said : \" This is a fantastic for and marine but it is essential that the and of the is considered at all . \" The is subject to large tidal and any to the visiting could cause significant of it becoming distressed and moving further into shallow and then becoming stranded by a rapidly outgoing . \" is in to protect these marine . Please enjoy this wonderful but do show to the and be aware of the afforded to them . \" I recommend and follow the ( ) . In this particular , commercial and recreational should not make any to approach or actively pursue the . \" The , which is a for commercial marine , includes a of and sets out best for watching . \" Endangered such as , and are protected by including the and 1981 . Under the , it is an to intentionally or recklessly disturb them .", "kept alive their and closed the on to four . Two from put in before replied . , and 's two secured the . The meet again in the at the on .", "was the first black to be named in 1983 but resigned after a published nude of her without her . \" I want to apologise for that was said or done ,\" said . A tearful called the \" unexpected \" and \" beautiful \" . Now 52 , she has forged a as an , with major in and . She also scored a global in 1992 with the Save the Best for Last ; and her of of the from 's earned her a , a and an for best original . The won in 1983 but , later , the 's executive voted unanimously to request that she resign after published naked she had posed for several earlier , remains the only who was asked to resign in the 's . She was invited back to the this by , who asked her to serve as . Before the started , he invited her on to receive the . \" I have been a close to this beautiful and talented for 32 ,\" he told the . \" You have lived your in and , and never was it more evident than during the of 1984 when you resigned . \" Though of us currently in the were involved then , on of 's , I want to apologize to you and to your , . \" He continued : \" I want to apologize for that was said or done that made you feel any less than the you are and the you always will be . \" The gave a and showed her on the of . \" Thank you so much , , so unexpected but so beautiful ,\" said the . \" I did the best that I could as in 1983 to 84 ,\" she said . \" On of my , my in particular ; [ ] , who orchestrated this entire to bring me back ; and your , your and you bringing this back to what it ought to be . I love you . I love the . And I 'm so honoured to be back . \" then returned to her and helped select the new - of .", "The decommissioned 22 , , and are currently moored in . had until 23 to register an in the former Devonport-based . The understands no to preserve the have been submitted . Those who have registered an are finalising their with set to take in late and . A final is not expected until the . The 's , which is handling the , wants to award at least one of the to a to determine the of the 's in the . , for , said it was important had the to prove themselves in the but she was also keen to see at least one of them saved from the . She added : \" For that has served on a it 's your , you 've literally been through the with it ... and you want them to have a noble second . \" My is to go for the and . \" We 've got to get best for the but a would also generate for of the through . \" The of has previously said it will \" consider all \" for the to ensure \" best financial for the \" . A would not comment on the or of the received due to \" commercial \" . Originally designed as a specialist , the 22 evolved into a powerful with substantial anti-surface , anti-submarine and anti-aircraft . They were also known for having excellent and , and , making them ideal on , with a of about 280 . Last , the was sold as for \u00c2 \u00a3 3m .", ", a of , submitted the \" \" as of the for the . After assessing the , has asked for further to be submitted . The has been hit by and a in to an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 780m . local , , has said major renewable planned for the cannot go ahead without the . The would export to the for . It would stretch to about 50 ( 80km ) from on to on the north-west of . The Scottish has been involved in on the . A said : \" This is a for and , but we would encourage the and to move swiftly to resolve this . \" Improved will enable the huge renewable of 's to create - up to 3,500 in the , almost 2,900 in the and over 4,500 in the by 2030 . The added : \" put a for the to the on 14 , and have responded by setting out the detailed further they require . \"", ", 42 , is being flown back to from , 's said in a on . He was seized by in the ( ) along with two other , one of whom was freed in a in 2015 . said was \" in good \" , local . \" It is with great that I can announce that has been released ,\" added . She said that the 's was to \" extensive \" and between the Swedish foreign , and \" foreign \" . said she had spoken with , who she described as being \" happy \" and \" overwhelmed \" by 's . \" I cannot say more at the current ,\" she added . 's former said that 's weighed heavily on his during his in the , which ended in 2014 . He tweeted on : \" Extremely gratifying that is free . No single concerned me more as foreign . \" was kidnapped along with South African and . was freed by French special in 2015 after he was discovered by in a in northern . took a of Western before the French deployed its in 2013 . In a separate in 2014 , French was freed after a .", "The by a of Welsh showed were five more likely to need than non-diabetic . said treating the was complex and \" poor \" can lead to medical . The Welsh is working to improve the . 1 is where the does not produce any and it is more common in than 2 , according to the . from , , the of , and 's of looked at the of 95 of all young in with 1 . They said should be spent on improving ongoing with diagnosed rising 3-4 a . , paediatric from the of , , said : \" keeps out of and away from their and . \" In , to the are high , which should be invested to improve continuous outpatient and for those affected . \" The Welsh helped to fund the , which studied 1,577 Welsh with the . It has launched a , for - a , to improve . \" We have prioritised 's in our , and established an all paediatric , so that all 14 can share the latest and ensure that they all deliver the same high ,\" a added . , from , was diagnosed with 1 six ago and since then she has become more anxious , according to her . , 35 , said her was now less carefree . She said : \" does n't enjoy having her and would gladly wish her away . \" She felt embarrassed at first and still feels different , especially when other have bigger than her . \" Asked if she was worried about her having to go into , she said \" all the \" . \" Because I know it 's more of a now - it 's every 's worse ,\" she added .", "'s 22-year-old , also called , was shot by military on . says he once worked with the on , and called on his \" former \" to clear his 's . The has said must not be used on . \" I want to speak to my former of the ,\" told a of outside the . \" , you know that we worked together , I 'm . \" He said he used to be 's , although the past working between them has not yet been confirmed . is a former , who got involved in and then national , becoming in 2013 after his died . \" Please , , my ,\" said with streaming down his , before calling on the to make it clear that his only \" was not a , he was a graduating \" . \" You met him when he was little ,\" he added . Earlier in the , , 17 , was also shot and killed as and clashed in . There have been almost daily anti-government in for over two as the 's economic and political has worsened . More than 70 have been killed in protest-related since 1 , according to released by the chief 's . On , tweeted to confirm the of a and said a had fired an \" unauthorised \" . , in a on the same , said : \" I am giving the clear that you can not use . I am giving the clear that you can never shoot in a , under any . \" A of returned on to the where was killed , and set some on . Also on , of jailed released that they say captures his from a military on the of . \" !\" he calls to his . \" They are torturing me ! \" In a earlier the same , said she has not been able to see him for 19 and his have been denied for 78 . has responded by publishing of the , which they say are from and show him to be \" fine \" . is three into a 14-year for inciting during anti-government in 2014 .", "conducted a of with former , on the that the would not be made public until after their . has been issued with a instructing it to hand over the on 6 . said he had engaged a to \" resist the to raid his personal \" . of and provided to compiling an oral of the . What are the ' ' ? of former were interviewed in and other and from 2001-2006 as of an oral known as the . about internal and of the were revealed on , including of a in in the . Overall , the cost about $ 200,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 118,520 ) , mostly provided by an Irish-American . Each was transcribed , sent by encrypted to and then the was sent to , where it was placed under and at . Following a lengthy legal with the , the of gained to a small of the in 2013 . were given on the that would not be made public until after their . want to access the as of their into and other paramilitary from the to . In last , were given to given by former loyalist . It followed a by senior in to lift an on the taking of 's recorded to . In 2013 , investigating the and of in 1972 secured the of former 's . That was handed over following on both of the .", "The exotic , which is 12 old , has a vulnerable and the appealed for on , saying it was concerned about its \" specific \" . The was taken from and in on , said . The 's said showed a taking the - which needs - out of the . Four had entered the together , said . \" I was serving , chatting to the and getting out of the for a I was serving . The is just a few away from the . We only have five and when I checked later there were only four . \" confirmed a had taken the , she said . said she was concerned for the exotic 's , adding : \" They have specific . We are a welfare-oriented , making sure the go to good . \" The is about 12 old and its is still vulnerable and it needs . We just want to get the back safe . \" said the was valued at \u00c2 \u00a3 120 .", "It is the third confirmed of the of in in about four . Some of the at the undisclosed in have died . The are due to be culled . said an was \" under to determine the of the \" . A 1.8-mile ( 3km ) and a six-mile ( 10km ) have been set up around the rearing to reduce the of the spreading . An of the in a of about 6,000 at , in , near , was \" unlikely to be directly linked to the previous \" at the nearby , had said . All were removed around on 18 but still remain at while an there continues . This latest in comes two after was found in that were being bred at a in , . The same has been discovered in in , , a in and in , south . In , the introduced an avian , which lasts until 28 , to help protect and captive from avian after the was found in 14 European including and .", "The said forced had \" continued unabated \" despite an earlier this . Under the , any would be voluntary and only \" when were conducive \" . has rejected the and said returned willingly . According to the , more than 2,600 have been forcibly returned to from this . Many are unable to go back to their in for and have ended up in for displaced . In some , the said , had been returned \" without allowing them to collect their \" . spoke of \" \" in the and said \" some were forced to leave their young behind in , including a less than three old \" . Many of the are now settled in the for internally displaced . also recorded about 17 who claimed to be Cameroonian , who it said had been deported by to . It is common in the to find who have no documentary of their . told the 's on : \" I strongly deny this \" of forced . He said the Cameroonian had been working \" hand-in-hand \" with the Nigerian against and any who had returned to had done so of their own . \" This has taken willingly ,\" he said . The Cameroonian have previously said have been entering the disguised as . have carried out a of in northern in recent , often using . The said forced constitutes a serious of the 1951 and the 1969 , both of which has ratified . It called on to honour its under the and continue keeping its open so as to allow to and for fleeing the Islamist .", ", 24 , who lived in , suffered in the at in . A and a both failed to realise she was in . The has successfully sued who said it did not comment on individual but had noted the . The happened in 2000 when was a at in . At an earlier , ruled a against the would risk a \" chilling \" on the of to take on educational . A in 2013 overturned this and opened the for a . has now ruled and should have noticed was drowning sooner than they did . He concluded was liable for their although neither was employed directly by the . 's to notice in \" fell far below the of reasonably to be expected of a \" , he said . was also negligent as \" she was not paying sufficient to in the \" . The of to , who now lives in , will be assessed at a later . A said : \" notes the of following a on . \" The cannot comment specifically on individual and it would be inappropriate to comment further therefore in of this . \"", "The has said and meant the was not conducive to free , credible . started in after said he would run for a third - say is illegal . The says he is entitled to a third because he was appointed for his first , not elected . The presidential is scheduled for 15 . East African have called for a further . highlights : 7 The electoral told the for the parliamentary had been low in the of where there had been , but that in some outside the it was as high as 98 . The ruling - the - was ahead in every of the , 's electoral announced . They won 77 out of 100 elected in , says . The 's says all of the 's private have closed in recent , and many civil have left the claiming their were under . At least 70 died and 150,000 have fled the . Reporting on a and a ... using a 10.4m 50 - for a 2nd poorest in the 85 are , 14 300,000 died in civil", "A had made the because to get them through \" political \" had failed , the said . , the former colonial , has not yet commented on the . 's and have repeatedly accused of masterminding his 1987 because he was a . He was killed by in a of shortly before a of his in 's , . 's led to his , , seizing in a . steered into a strong with , which retains close political , and economic with many of its former in . opened an into the after he was ousted from in 2014 . Speaking at a in , the , , said an investigating had formally asked French to declassify military to see whether had played a in the . A had also been made to interview French who were involved in 's at the , the added . issued an for in 2015 , accusing him of in 's . He has repeatedly denied the , but has refused to return to to stand . is exiled in , also a former French .", "had gathered on the to watch rescue a who had jumped into the in . Local reported that more than 50 were on the when it collapsed late on . The was reportedly more than 60 old and was banned from . A local told the that more were likely to be \" trapped under the collapsed \" . said he was also monitoring the . told the that \" it was an unfortunate \" . \" The must be demolished as the had notified it as a dangerous and were placed both the of the not to use it . \" Right now the is to recover the ,\" he added .", "The also ranks second in a of 's most congested , while is third . Only ranked worse than 's largest in the of the 's by . It found that the could cost in \u00a3 5.1bn in wasted over the next . The studied in 21 in 2016 . It assessed the of the by looking at the average of , their average and the of they occurred . The found that the of 's 455 was second only to and was likely to cost \u00a3 2.8bn by 2025 . was ranked third in the same - worse than , and . It 's 357 could cost \u00a3 2.3bn over the next 10 , said . calculated the wasted by in across the could cost \u00a3 61.8bn by 2025 if are not reduced . And in their of 123 across , was found to have more \" \" than any other . It also ranked worst in an of the of its . was second and was third . chief said : \" Only by identifying and analysing their can we effectively combat . \"", "filmed more than 60 in the and a nearby last . The also secretly recorded playing outside a nearby . was placed on the ahead of on 30 at . told the that tried to flush a down the at a after being arrested for . The contained 60 short , lasting between 50 and three . said : \" The appeared to be of at various in the . \" The has the positioned to show the from the down , focusing on their bare and zooming in on their . \" The said the also contained three slightly-longer showing aged between six and 12 playing . said : \" One is doing , and the zooms in on the . \" said the 's distinctive , leather-toecapped and were in in many of the . She said received an anonymous from who expressed \" \" over 's . A was obtained for his , and the and distinctive were found in a in his spare . told he \" had a in him \" at the the were filmed . Asked if what he had done aroused him , he said : \" It did at the , but afterwards I felt ashamed about it . \" , of , admitted operating a to obtain of and in a public without their and between 15 and 22 last . deferred for a and released on .", "It follows the of 115 locked inside three small in , close to the Mexican . were alerted by a made from inside one of the . The was found to have and on the . found inside said they had not had any or for three , and some required . , an , told the that it was clear the in the were being held against their . \" There was no that they could leave because the were secured with and were locked from the . \" He said had to use to free those inside . The imprisoned came from several different in south and central . One told that they had been driven to the from the , which marks the between and . He said they had been threatened with if they did not remain quiet .", "The has suspended the pending a . told that \" if what 's alleged \" to have occurred did in happen \" we 'll come down severely hard on both \" . sent off both during the . , whose confirmed their top six due to elsewhere , says he did not see the as he had already started walking up the following the half . saw throw a at , who retaliated by aiming a at the after he had slipped . \" I have n't seen it with my own but obviously happened ,\" said . \" I 'm going to wait and see for myself . The have been told they let themselves down , and let the down . We should be celebrating confirming our top six . \" Under no will they get off lightly if what is alleged to have happened has happened . The hardest I can do legally with them , I 'll do it . \" is not supported on this was angry that the left his up against it in the second , and that the was taken off the confirming a top six . \" It 's another great getting the top six ,\" he added . \" We showed a of and should have had a . ( ) has got all over and that should have been a . \" The were magnificent and probably deserved a but they did n't get it . \" was shown a yellow and assistant sent to the after becoming involved in the chaotic that followed the between and . However , told : \" I would rather be talking about us . It is not you want to see , but it is a passionate and sometimes it spills over . \" My acted well . I think was just trying to separate them and calm down . \" I do n't think I have to take any against my . \" moved off bottom in the to the , sealed by a late . They are 11th on 27 , two clear of bottom . \" With 11 against 11 in the first , I thought we were excellent and we kept going and got a huge three ,\" added .", "6 2014 Last updated at 09:15 The is one of the most prestigious 's in the . , who topped the 's of 2014 in , has six including best new . His single With Me is also up for best and of the .", "means : ' of the of the fast ' and it is one of the biggest in the Islamic . The falls on is decided by the of the , and this it 's on . On the of , ends and often celebrate by praying , giving and having a big with and . Thank you for your - this is now closed . I am going to my 's and enjoying with lovely and tasty ! , 10 , We are going to our and having a nice ! , 10 , I will be going to my and to celebrate , it will be so fun , and I will be wearing a lovely . , 9 , I 'm going to visit my and where we 're going to have an and eat of delicious ! , 12 , I am celebrating with my and including my and I am going to eat yummy a with my ! - I wish a ! ! , 10 , ! On I am going to go out and spend with my . , 6 , I 'm spending my with my and I ca n't wait to eat all the that has been prepared for me . , 10 , ! is such a wonderful for and else and me and my will be celebrating with our and we will be eating of yummy asian . , 11 , I am going out with my , I making a of and it is going to be really fun . , 12 , ! We are celebrating with all our by dressing in our lovely and eating of yummy ! , 8 , My and I are going to go to my cousins' , where will give and receive some , we are going to eat asian . I ca n't wait ! ! , 11 , I am celebrating with my . I am not sure what I 'll be eating but I will be happy celebrating with my and the of my . , 6 ,", "were called to in , at 17:00 on when a 17-year-old was found with . Several later a second was made to when a was fired twice in nearby . believe the , who have now been bailed , were linked to both . The remains in in a stable , said . said : \" We believe both of these were linked and were the of a between two . \" The happened following an between a and a lone with a . \"", ", 21 , was found dead in her at in 2015 with a around her . told the in wrote to him while in saying : \" I know I 'm going to do silly . \" Giving he said : \" I believe she should n't have been in a male . \" More from across The was also told , from , had repeatedly told and that she would be \" carried out in a \" . said he spoke to her on the while she was in and she told him she wanted to move to a 's that and her were waiting for her to make a formal to the . also said he received a from his which said : \" I do n't think I can last very long in here . I ca n't sleep at . I just feel like I wo n't be here no more . \" I know I 'm going to do silly . I do n't want to but I ca n't do this . \" But , in a read to the , 's said her did not say she had a being in a 's . \" did n't like but who does ? \" said . \" She never said to me about it being the wrong for her . \" The heard had identified as female since she was 10 old but had never had any surgical or . She did not have a establishing her female so she was sent to a 's . said the would examine a of including the of the \" \" . The was told that after an extensive was initially put in rather than , where vulnerable were housed , and placed on a one-hour . said this was taken because it was thought she might be under more on due to the of there . He said she was later allowed to move to but was taunted by in the below . The heard that on the she died had been seen watching at 19:00 but at 20:00 she was spotted on the with the round her and the was raised . The , which is expected to last three , continues", "in ( ) reported 2,405 between and - 7.8 up on the previous . There were 1,144 , which was up 14.7 on the previous and 51.1 more than a ago . However , said the showed a \" to \" . A ago , the of personal in fell to its lowest for more than 14 following the of the and ( ) . The introduced new such as mandatory for seeking to statutory such as . Although the latest were sharply up on a ago , they were 41.7 lower than the same in 2013-14 and 34.9 lower than in 2014-15 . Personal include both and protected ( ) . The of recorded between and remained largely stable at 1,261 , a 2.1 from the previous . New approved under the ( ) fell slightly by 5.2 on the previous , to 510 . Quarterly for and since 2005-06 : said : \" These indicate that are becoming more accustomed to the new and . \" We are now seeing the settling down to a more regular following the significant , and expected , drop after the of the new . \" Compared to the same from two ago , prior to these , the of falling into is down by more than a . \" This shows those most in can access the they require to help them on the to a fresh financial - but also that the long is a downward . \" , from , said : \" This quarterly , driven mostly by an in , bucks the wider downward in Scottish personal we 've seen in past . \" The of have been falling steadily since their in 2012 , and this represents a to more stable . \" The is probably less do with the , which only happened towards the very of the , and more to do with ongoing in the Scottish and the of the financial in . \"", "One of the 11 described how the went \" really fast down the \" at the in before it \" launched us off \" . Two of from and a were also injured in the on 11 . The acting of the has apologised . One of the , , said he was frightened and the other were crying . \" The gone like really fast down the and it gone sideways and it launched us off ,\" said . When asked how it made him feel , said : \" It feels like sad . \" 's , , said he has been struggling to sleep since it happened and has been having and . , who was told about the by a , said : \" I rushed to the ( 's ) and was brought in . He had all over his . \" He just laid there really shocked . He had to stay in [ ] overnight for every four because he had and felt really sick . \" He 's still got to his , his and his , so he still has a few . \" said another was discharged from after a and one was brought into later in the for a , then released . A sustained a broken , a sustained a requiring and the , who was also in the , dislocated his . The will be off for four . The were on a at in and the happened on 's . is investigating the , rather then the and , because the where it happened is a . The has asked with to contact them . in , where it happened , said it would not comment while an is ongoing . The 's acting , , said : \" We are very sorry this unfortunate happened and we wish the and who were injured a speedy . \" This has affected the whole and is supporting each other as a . \" , the 's acting for , said : \" This is an established for and as far as we know at this all the appropriate were carried out . \"", "of of joined him for the of the , recalling . Among the were Syrian and Iraqi , and who had escaped . The came a after almost 150 were killed in an on a Kenyan . \" We still see our persecuted , decapitated and crucified for their in you [ ] , before our and often with our complicit ,\" said , presiding over the at the . Earlier , he condemned the in , where were singled out and shot , as an of \" senseless \" . In another , listened as the 's official denounced the \" disturbing of in the of all this of \" . He too mentioned the , as well as the of 22 Egyptian Coptic by ( ) in in . has spoken out against the of before , saying that the would be justified using military to combat the \" unjust \" by .", "has announced a , which includes $ 700,000 in extra for . The first appeared over a ago near the low-lying eastern of , where most of 's and is produced . It has spread quickly , destroying and of and . The estimate more than 1,000 of agricultural have been devastated by the . The says must begin straight away . \" We will create a 500-metre-wide around the affected and inside , working alongside the local ,\" said 's , . is due to visit on .", "attended a at on , after being named in the 's in . The 68-year-old former won 53 for from 1967 to 1978 . He also won 10 for the British winning in and . At 20 he became 's youngest , and during his the Welsh dominated the Originally from in the , spent his with . In 1974 was named of the . After his in 1978 , he became on the popular , of . He now works as a for both the and . He is married to his and they have two , and .", "The second in four leaves 's fifth in and the facing further about his . Former gives his out of 10 for the . No with but had little else to do other than pick the out of his . A surprise but the defended well considering he was n't in his natural . 's best on the after a long from the international . Offered a real going forward and worked tirelessly . Played better than in and unlucky at first after making a good . Wasted a great to equalise , failing to hit the from a free . Given a rare and did well to keep 's quiet for large . The 's and are never in but he was loose in too often . Back from his short-lived international but for how long ? The gave the and as expected . Largely ineffectual . Did n't get on the enough to make a positive . Again , a surprise given his of at . Missed a glorious to level the early in the second , dragging a wide from near the penalty . Another guilty of giving the away too often . Provided some threatening . Really should have scored not long after 's when he had a good at . Led the well with positive in the first . However , made a poor not to play in on a good . Tired in the second as meekly surrendered . The was over when he came on , very difficult to make an . On for the injured . Not given much to do since were content to keep the and did n't pose much of a . Too late to make an .", "The of ( ) has placed male in with female at its near . Polar were last born in the almost 25 ago . is one of two male at the at in the . The could remain together for about two . will eventually return to an he shares with the other , . said captive was an important of a wider to conserve polar , which are classified as \" vulnerable \" on the of 's of . However , and have said tackling to better protect wild should be the of rather than captive . , which also manages where have been made to breed giant , said and have mated several so far . The said the would live together for the next or two \" mimicking what would occur naturally in the \" . , at the , said the had appeared to have bonded well since being introduced . She said : \" Both polar have really warmed to each other and all the are really positive . \" From the first they met , has been really gentle with and their has been immediate . \" Polar is inherently complex as the are induced , meaning that the only releases an after initial occurs . They also practice delayed , where the does n't implant into the uterine until some later . \" added : \" If successful , will not fall pregnant until to . \" Other key are her entering the in to and potentially giving in to . Any would then not come out of the until to 2017 . \" arrived at the in 2012 from a in , . When being given , talk to in , the he heard when he was in the in . , who was brought to from in last and is kept in an about a away from the , previously raised in 2008 .", "will replace in the , who won last 's . had been on his to a third straight before suffering a technical , and eventually finished fourth . The said the , who will also be at at the , will target the first 120 + . still holds the for the of 119.279mph ( 18:58.743 ) , which he set on to in 2015 . , from , missed last 's and 200 to compete in the 2,712-mile in the . The has not raced since suffering multiple broken and a fractured in a in the 150 in 2015 . The and is still looking for his first , having finished on the 16 .", "The , thought to be a juvenile , is about 4m long . It was first seen on and seems to be healthy and . Minke are one of the most common in our . It is thought it may have swum in in of in the . A fully-grown can grow to 9m in . The are liaising with in the , and are expected to monitor the for several in the it returns to open . There are no immediate for over the 's , said the of , and ( ) . \" frequent the around the of , but young or inquisitive will , on , come closer inshore ,\" said a . \" However , our and will continue to monitor the 's in with from . \" The is currently in a well-regulated within where there is no of . \" The is not in an that is easily viewable by the , however , as a marine-protected , are advised to enjoy any they are fortunate to have of this remarkable but not to approach or do to disturb it ,\" the added .", "was arrested during a heated captured on . She was found dead three later . The 's and the of her sparked . The arresting , , has been charged with allegedly lying about it , a announced after a of grand . later , he was fired from his . The grand had picked out the 's as behind their , said special . In that , had claimed that was \" combative and uncooperative \" after he pulled her over . The began after she was asked to put out her and he demanded she get out of her . showed the drawing his and threatening with the : \" I will light you up ! \" After the moved off-camera , she was heard screaming that he was about to break her and she complained that her knocked against the . said grand found 's that he had \" removed her from her to further conduct a safer \" to be false . Soon after the , the of said \" \" would start immediately . 's three after her was ruled a and the 's and were cleared of any . But it sparked national for amid a about the of against . The carries a maximum of one in and a $ 4,000 .", "It 's overtaken 's famous \" four more \" . When sent the after being re-elected in 2012 , he made by being retweeted more than half a million in a few and smashed previous . It 's now been shared more than 750,000 . But the One from 2011 in which said was \" always in my \" is now more popular , having been retweeted more than 780,000 . Both still have a long to go to beat the famous posted by . So far that has been retweeted more than three million . Follow @ on , on and on", "The upheld a Chilean for , a German in his . worked with fer , a former Nazi who founded the in southern 1961 . were indoctrinated and kept as virtual for more than 30 . 's says he will appeal against the . \u00a4 also collaborated with the of whose secret used the around 350km ( 215 ) south of the , , as a of and to \" disappear \" his . last said it would declassify its on the , and the foreign at the , , admitted that the diplomatic had failed to stop the . The of the only came to after \u00a4 fer faced a of in 1997 . He fled and was arrested in in 2005 . He was convicted in of sexual of , and human . He died in a Chilean in 2010 at the of 88 .", "By these are relatively uncontroversial and involve saying nice about your despite political with them . found some warm about the whose she took . \" I know how hard worked to represent the over the past two ,\" she told on . did n't mention by but said on : \" I would also like to pay to my who served the to the best of his . \" went on to give her of the - her voted to remain in the . \" The in many of was not a against or the or the of the ,\" she said . \" It was a against \u20ac\u201d against the of the taken here . \" The cumulative of and in public has hit the poorest hardest , so I intend to use my here to speak up against a failed where the richest have forced the poorest to pay the . \" She added her to an to the 's calling for the to remain inside the single and the . \" used her to oppose and urge to sign off the proposed tidal . She also reflected on her own . \" My Italian is embedded in the ,\" she said . \" The of to the of comes predominantly from the of - and yes , you have to thank me for . \" told her he had sampled some of that while campaigning for her . A had found that \" \" and \" \" were searched for more than 20 on her 's . \" When questioned she told her , is n't it amazing that we live somewhere that can become an you do n't have to be rich , you do n't have to go to a posh you just have to work hard . \" And with more than 20 as a 's ring so true for the of , and the because is critical ,\" she added .", "The for ( ) has given the to the & at , near , . The , the 's only , closed in 2008 . It reopened in 2010 after formed the and raised \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 to buy the and . Read more about this and other from across The was helped by the which supports in rural . said the & had a warm and welcoming and a strong . The includes a small , , and free . , from , said : \" The & is a great of how a has been resurrected as a true . \" The 's current , , said he was thrilled to receive the . \" It shows that hard , good and the of the can help you achieve that seemed impossible only a short ago ,\" he said . up in the UK-wide were the in , , the in , , and the with in , .", "An \" in-depth \" will look into made by on , the of said . He alleged fake had been bought and used in under his . has been on the from the since . The former , who was elected in 2010 , has not been seen since a after he stepped down amid of . He has been charged with organised and , but there are for the 's to file criminal relating to the latest . On , told a that an into and under had uncovered medical . ` We have on a given to , a paediatric that was n't really a , it was an inert , practically distilled ,'' he said . \" This really seems to us a brutal , an against the of the . We 're finishing our and , at the appropriate , we 'll be filing legal . \" also alleged there had been inadequate for and the of outdated . The have shocked . \" It is absolutely inhuman , ,\" said , according to Mexican . 's of has promised to act on \" the or involved \" if or is found , the said in a on .", "Their last , a 4-0 over , attracted 142 and after and were paid , the were left with \u00a3 21 . Last , the issued an for \u00a3 25,000 so they could \" stay in a solvent \" until the . \" There are out there but if they do n't come back then we 're not going to have a ,\" said . The 's , , has supported the financially since they struggled to pay a of more than \u00a3 80,000 in the . It is estimated his runs to more than \u00a3 1m , in to funding the for a new . The have been without a for six after their was destroyed by and their nomadic has played a major in their financial . They have shared with local , and most recently - where they have been based since 2010 . But believes their out of the , and the historical the have with , has caused to abandon their local . \" If I had \u00a3 10 for every I 've spoken to who has said ' I used to support but I 'm not going to come back until you 've returned to ' , I 'd probably be able to sustain the ,\" he told . \" There 's always been this across the but are a now and that 's what we 've always wanted to aspire to . \" We 've been fortunate that allowed us to have a - they could have said no . \" pay \u00a3 40,000 a to play at , but were recently threatened with after failing to meet . The is close to being resolved and hope to have a in next to remain in for next 's . for a new at the were submitted to in 2011 , but have yet to be approved . \" It has left me so frustrated ,\" added . \" There 's been a of spent on etc [ for new ] and it 's been draining . \" It 's been difficult . We 're tired and we just need we can hang our on . We need that will attract and keep us going . \"", ", 31 , was a in 29 . He suffered a suspected cardiac while running the and later died in . He was laid to following a in 's in . of gathered at the for the , which was led by parish . was originally from in . , 7 ( ) , which is based in , told the : \" It is with great that were are here to say to . \" was an to all of us . I genuinely could not have wished for a . \" He will be sorely missed and our and are with his . \" During the , read a on of 's , . He told the : \" was my and my . I was so proud to say that he was a in 29 and that he served his with in and the . \" ca n't express how proud I was listening to him as he described his of and the . \" I learnt so much about 's of , the strong of he had found in the as well as the many he had for the . \" There are no to express how devastated I am that this has so tragically ended , with so many left unwritten . \" A published in the said the would be a \" of 's \" and urged to wear bright . fell ill at the 23-mile while taking in the . Following his , 's and vowed to continue to raise for for and walk the final three of the . More than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 has been donated to a in his while about \u00c2 \u00a3 80,000 has been raised for the on his own .", "was just 17 when he was tied up , locked in a and subjected to several sexual . Now 19 , he has waived his to as his were jailed . , of in , will spend of his 11-year in . His who cannot be named got six , on . The unnamed was 17 at the of the and a reporting is in which prevents his from being made public . The took on 30 , 2014 when called to 's in the of . A previous in the was told had ordered him to sell and he was worried before entering the because he had not sold enough . The began almost immediately and the heard the subjected him to \" exceptional \" , holding him at , burning him with , and seriously sexually assaulting him . The lasted a of before they released the , who then contacted . Speaking outside , said : \" I thought I was going to die that . I will never forget what happened . \" He described it as the \" worst of his \" . \" I did n't know what was going to happen and what they were going to do . The whole was just terrifying . \" He was diagnosed with after the but said he did not see himself \" as a \" . \" I am speaking out to show other that it 's okay to go and tell the if you have been sexually assaulted . I want to find the to come forward and get the that they need . \" thanked his and and the for supporting him through the criminal . \" I would say to else who has been sexually assaulted , do n't be afraid , do n't hide it . The only to move forward is to tell and you 'll soon realise there is so much . Do n't be afraid to speak out . \" The welcomed the given to his . had pleaded guilty to four - namely false , two of sexual , and . His admitted six including false , two of sexual and attempted .", "was a who controlled , said . Last a died and several were injured when a used by was shelled by . It was the second since the first struck the in 2014 .", "\" This is definitely not the ,\" said 22 on the red in . As well as fan-voted like best and best shirtless ( won it - again ) the was also an unofficial promotional for this 's . The 's big was The in Our , which won best . The 's also picked up best female , the and best for a with . gave an emotional dedicated to , the of the which the is based on , saying \" he gave this a beautiful \" . Other included , who won best male for his as the late in . The 40-year-old said : \" would have turned 41 four ago . , this is for you ,\" said . took home best comedic for 22 and picked up best for her in Into the . , , and were also among the . , who was the of many size-related throughout the , brought his on to accept the comedic . He said : \" I do it all for them . I 'm trying to leave a behind . \" In one of the more energetic of the , brought his fellow to their while accepting the . , , , and all took the to present their with the , which called \" the I so desire \" . from the upcoming , 's latest and 's new were shown during a ahead to this 's . Follow @ on , on and on", "The 24-year-old injured himself in on as he went to take a and will see a this . He joins and as long-term . \" It 's a huge , any we have in the that are injured is very disappointing for us ,\" told . had become first in the central striking of the Two following an to on-loan , who has just returned to . \" He and have played in that this and held the up and performed well for us ,\" added following 's 3-0 to . \" It 's hard to take as a because you feel that you 're getting somewhere and then happens , it 's like a , it 's very difficult to overcome these , so it 's hard to take . \"", "The , who has not played since following a thigh , has been replaced in the by new . The old has made just one since signing on a from last . Former , 26 , signed for last on a six-month from . However , the has not featured since as he looks to regain full following a of . interim has also included new signing in both his and for the second of the . The , 20 , joined on a four-and-a-half-year from last . , who was linked with a to former , has been named in 's 25-man . revealed on that Nigerian , 19 , will replace in 's 25-man . , 28 , is set for at least another two on the following a hamstring and in . featuring in the of the were required to supply European 's governing with their updated by , but have yet to publicly announce any to their 25-man . The are expected to make one , with new signing , 23 , replacing , 30 , who has joined 1 on until the of the .", "It had lost its and become stranded in shallow off the of in . then began touching and photographing the rather than seeking for it . , a local , said \" \" caused the \" and . \" The , which works to protect marine in the , wrote in a ( in ) : \" The was subjected to the curious who wanted to photograph and touch it . \" \" These are highly protected ; to disturb them , to harm them , to manipulate them and to harass them is prohibited by , and we always ask for and . \"", "The , aged 26 and 24 , were in a in when three armed with a , and forced their into the just before on . After assaulting the , the left with a of and personal . They also smashed a of . The in the received medical for their . have appealed for with to contact them .", "in , and were affected . A for said was an was detected at 21.40 . All have had restored had their restored by 22.14 .", "The was found with critical in , , at about 02:10 . He was pronounced dead at the . A 52-year-old was arrested on of close to where the was found . The arrested and the knew each other but were not related , the said . The 's next of have been informed .", "But the is to set up a to \" resolve outstanding \" . The proposed will link in the of the to in the , via the and . The include reducing four of from to to two , and using half a and a for . of the said it was vital for cutting and would provide a safe across the . They said it would also encourage more active . But and in the said reducing to make for would have a huge on passing , and that reducing could increase at . The said the new working would be set up to help resolve outstanding with the . It said would start immediately to secure further and to \" make to commence the necessary statutory for the \" . A final will be taken after the the working 's . said the was still \" 100 committed \" to the but acknowledged it had divided . She said a new would be formed to try to reach a on the final \" which the are happy with \" . added : \" Given the of out there about certain of the , there 's clearly still to be done before the final is agreed . \"", "The 2014 was among those to miss the for the famous . Lower-rated are balloted out , with The occupying the 40 . There were no in 's final . Four are on should any pull out before 13:00 on . Download your here is 7-1 ahead of 10-1 The and 12-1 shot . of the , over 30 and nearly four-and-a-half , is expected to be followed by 600 million worldwide . have put back the of the by an to 17:15 in an to further increase the . The is a , with each allotted a different to carry by the official . Some are faced with the tricky of trying to ensure their perform well enough to get a which guarantees a , without landing a big that hampers their . is now in the of his , at the of 13 , and his has dropped . No of that has won the since in 1923 . The has indicated it is open to reviewing the ahead of next 's . Top Many will seek to become the first since the legendary triple in the to win back-to-back . would see , who also triumphed aboard two ago , become the first to win three running . is not supported on this believe to the , and other , introduced three ago have helped improve . Since the , there have been no fatal in the itself , although two died in other at the three-day last .", "of , many of them endangered , are of the which is required by as of the 's . Important about each and every are noted down so that the can help worldwide . 's headed to the , which houses over 400 different , to find out how it 's done .", "Another in the dark - a hidden of the where , and are traded - alerted , a said . The 's was subsequently found in the of a in , . say the 19-year-old may be armed . are being carried out in near , which lies in the , a heavily industrialised . say the , who is on the , is a martial .", "should have the to remain in the if they are unhappy with the of , she said . The is also discussing electoral with fellow in a \" \" of , she added . is the only and the have agreed not to contest her . She wants to maximise the of who will support for electoral and try to win or defend against the . \" are going on in a of . Whether that will deliver any , I ca n't tell you - watch this ,\" she said at an in , . The have previously said a \" limited \" of local are considering similar ahead of the 8 . and the of are among the 's , as it pushes for a second . Outlining the 's on , said and during the about between and \" confirmed our worst really - that is going into these utterly unprepared , completely arrogant and not understanding how the works \" . \" In the following the , the called for the British to have a further on the of any and we stand by that ,\" she said . The accepted that the 2016 was an to the to begin , she said . But it should be the \" , not the \" of the , with having a on the final - including an to remain within the , she said . The have also promised a second on the . says that the would make \" a \" of and has promised to give a on any that is agreed between the and the . says would not hold a on the final , but wants to have a decisive on it .", "was criticised by the ( ) in 2015 . A in this found it had made \" positive \" in some , but were still needed . The of at high of had been deemed inadequate but has now been improved . The currently has about 27,000 across the and more than 2,000 of . , chief of for the , said there was now \" good \" for the served by the . \" We saw treating with , and ,\" he said . The of and was praised , as was the patient-run \u00a9 and the of paid , including and . In 2015 at of were found not to be kept safe , but the said it now monitors \" \" , which are fixed which could use to harm themselves . \" \" are also used to show at high of . , chief , said : \" I am pleased that the of all of our has been reflected . \" Our have a real on providing high-quality for our and this latest is testament to that . \" are needed in the of , , and in accessing psychological , the said . The was also found to have good with the and .", "The 33-1 , ridden by and trained by , triumphed at in to become the first to win the since 1958 . The , owned by the , has twice recovered from a cracked . \" We did n't want to send him back to with a big , that would n't be fair ,\" said 's . \" He provided us with our first and we 'll never forget him . \" : \" As the first for burgeoning as well as the first to win the in nearly 60 , The has his in . \" Though he ran highly respectably at after , had already hinted that , having defied serious to reach one of the great , he had perhaps done his . \" What a for , with at , in the and , but at a . the has been retired and there are whether will race again . \"", "is believed to have been in a in on last . said show him near the on at 00:52 on . and and the 's were involved in making of and . The followed up on made earlier last . and said 's to return to his in the was out of . is described as 11in in , stocky with long mousy brown and a . When last seen he was wearing a black , a , black and .", "The , who was known to as in the and , died \" peacefully in his \" on . It followed a \" long courageous \" with , his said . , who lived on the of , was also known for his as in The and in Keeping Up . He had thought he had beaten in 2009 , but was told it had returned after collapsing at in 2010 . first appeared in 1960s such as and The . He was the of in the . Other included in and in teen , guest-starring in of , , and The . A said : \" We are very sad to hear of the of . \" He created a legendary and iconic in who will always be of . connected with the sends our sincerest to his . \" , who plays , said : \" I am so sorry to hear about . He was a warm , lovable , with great . \" He will be greatly missed , one of the 's memorable . \" , who plays in , said : \" was a very dear for many , and I 'm very sad to hear the of his . \" He was a of gentle and brought to so many . He will be sadly missed . \" , who played in , wrote on that her first was playing 's in The , \" and he was so kind lovely x \" . was appointed for the of in 2009 , providing the official between the and at formal .", ", from and , failed to return from a to the northern mountainous . He has not been seen since 2 , when his and were found at a in . , 41 , runs in the of on the and serves the as a retained . Local and the British in have been informed about his . and fellow , who has been liaising with the , said they had been hampered by horrendous . \" The is continuing to melt , but there is a massive of to the such as collapsed ,\" he said . \" The has been horrendous , with down to . This is extremely unusual as is upper tropical . \" A large from the national will be doing an intensive once the melts . \" A due to begin on will concentrate on four inside the of and , he said . and of in his of have issued an for to help cover the of the . A - - has also been set up . and have so far raised of , including six-year-old of who donated her \u00c2 \u00a3 14.50 . The 's , , found out his was missing when he failed to appear on a scheduled home to on 29 . He had arrived at a in on 30 and left on a to explore the . On 2 his and were found at the . previously told that he had received a of from his before stopped . \" I do n't think he had got lost . Either happened to him on his first on the or there is some we can only guess at ,\" he said . A and said : \" We are still in close with the local and are providing consular to the at this difficult . \"", "The said the higher were due to a of rising crude , and the of the after 's . Average rose by 4.4p to 116.7p per and average rose 5.2p to 118.7p per . The said these were the biggest monthly for three and a . Its , , said had \" no \" but to put up on . \" The of the weak have really been felt on the , and this , combined with an at nearly double its lowest in 2016 , has put significant upward on wholesale ,\" he said . \" Certainly , we are a long from the remarkably low enjoyed by and early in 2016 , when the average of was around 102p per and was 101p ,\" he added . According to the , the mean it now costs \u00c2 \u00a3 64.20 to fill the 55-litre of a typical . Meanwhile it costs \u00c2 \u00a3 65.25 to fill up a similarly sized in a . The suggested that the of might stabilise in the coming . \" , which represents some of the 's biggest , recently agreed in a in ,\" said . \" But a final is still to be agreed at an at the of this and , with some suggesting a might yet stall , this leaves open the might stabilise or even fall before the of the ,\" he added .", "have been complaining about the of on out . In the , of , said could face disciplinary . One told the he often heard \" screaming \" . said : \" We 've had running over in our , stupid . \" At two in the they 're all running past in , screaming . It is n't a good . \" When you get terrible [ ] you 're in . \" The tells to \" show to their , including passing through residential to attend , as quite often are sleeping \" . It reads : \" We are particularly concerned about the of we have received ... we believe that the of these are caused by on their to or returning from a out . \" The takes its as a within the very seriously . \" All at accept , as a of , that they will not act in a that brings the into . This includes living in private-rented . \" has set 's a of no more than 3,000 each living in private . However , 3,747 rented private last , with many residing in the east .", "Four were closed to at , , on before the visiting was extended on . The does not affect and 's . , of and at the , said the was \" in the best of our \" . She said : \" The of our is paramount to us and it is never an easy to make but this will help us contain the of this highly contagious . \" The has also asked the to not visit its and if they have of the . - which causes , , and - is easily spread from to . usually begin between 12 to 48 after a becomes infected , with most healthy making a within one to three . has not given an of how long the is likely to remain in .", "Two , aged 23 and 24 , had a noxious thrown over them at 19:00 on on , , . , 23 , has been charged with wounding with to do grievous and of an offensive , namely . He was remanded in when he appeared at . , of no fixed , gave no of a . He is due to appear at on 29 .", "The de decided 's after a by the French was ruled illegal by the . The also said an by a of was not acceptable . of in are also expected to be lost . Three were operated by on the to . The was suspended in . for and said : \" It is a real for the ... in who have worked for and also their . \" This is a difficult and I think the of the whole goes out to them . \" Obviously it 's a real , [ if ] is n't operating that means there 's less . \" There were from who gathered outside the in to hear the on the 's . Many were protesting over the of 's , with one questioning why French , had not intervened to save the . were lit in at the 's . has not ruled out a future for the , which employs nearly 1,000 . said of 's : \" Many will want to know that they were n't simply going to buy them [ 's ] in to scrap them . \" We need to make sure they give a clear as to why they are interested in the and not simply going to take out . \" is working as hard as they can to ensure that their will be safeguarded and working as hard as they can to ensure that those will be back on with a new and a new . \" A said would \" now be working to see what the fair of the \" were before making any . The French went into in 2010 and its 's carried more than 3.5 million a on the to . A from said : \" is sad to announce that the de in has made the to liquidate the . \" Despite the best of all , the came to the difficult that of the available to it were financially viable . \" has been made to ensure that all with pre-existing will receive . \" She urged to contact for .", "His has asked to explain a that he had confessed to the . , 47 , was given a whole-life in 2011 for murdering the . confirmed it had received a from 's but said it was standing by its on the . was kidnapped while on her from to her in , , in 2002 . said , now known as , believed a \" covert \" may have been used to record his to a in . She said \" my denies giving a \" . She has written to requesting the and from the . said contacted her very soon after distributed its relating to the . She said denies all the for which he has been convicted . Last , revealed had made the during an into whether he had an involved in the and , but not , of . The said it stood by its original . A speaking to the would not comment on how the was recorded . 's was found 25 away from where she was kidnapped , in , . could not say how she died . was found guilty of abducting and murdering the following a at the where a described him as a \" cruel and pitiless \" . He was already in for the of , 22 , and , 19 , and the attempted of , 18 , when he went on accused of killing . He lived 50 from where vanished but did not become a until he was arrested by in for the other in 2004 . On , the revealed harrowing of 's final , saying they had been made aware of her last after had spoken to .", "It backed to issue initially , and only resort to criminal for repeat . , buying and producing the will remain illegal and the must still be ratified by . According to the on and , almost 9 of use , though some believe the to be higher . The follows by a set up to study the , and moves by a of and European to decriminalise of the . \" On the one we are opening ourselves up to the . On the other , we understand the and will try to balance the two ,\" told his ahead of the . Israeli said : \" cannot shut its to the being made across the in to and its . \" Meanwhile , added that the was \" an important on the to implementing a new that will emphasise and instead of criminal \" . Under the new , first-time personal who are caught and confess will be fined 1,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 220 ; $ 270 ) , with this on the second . will apply the third and only a fourth would lead to criminal . is one of the in into medical of .", "The 24-year-old , who scored 25 last , turned down the most lucrative in 's in . \" I do n't want to stay at the same . I want to improve and I know where I want to do that ,\" said on . Former , who he originally signed for in 2011 , remain to complete a for . The , and have been linked with a for , who has been at since 2013 . \" We are now talking to the . I know what 's happening , but I will leave the to my ,\" he added to after beat the in a in . \" I know what 's happening , but I ca n't tell you more . \" What I would like most is to play in the and try to win the once . Or better - a few . \" is represented by , the who helped negotiate 's \u00a3 89m to last .", "The went out on the as of 's and and was taped from an in . It includes the 's only known of the . The has been restored with from for on a new . The , which will be released in , is a remastered of a 1997 of recorded for the between 1969 and 1971 . It includes eight previously unreleased , including the first of To , from the in on 1 1971 . of from the 's first two also feature , including and What Is And What Should Never Be . Formed in 1968 , went on to become one of the 's biggest , with each of their making the top 10 of the . They officially split in 1980 , following the of . The remaining reformed for a 2007 in , with 's playing .", "The was taken to after the involving a male at , near , on . from the ( ) told the was one of the newer . He said he believed she was attacked with a \" made from a \" . \" She has an approximately three deep below her left ,\" he said . \" With the ever increasing , I believe this will happen more often ,\" he added . A said : \" The utterly condemns this and has referred the to the \" .", "predicts that on what it calls there will be a of more than 50 in against 's daily . and are the most likely to be returned . are also expected to flock to at to give back , but may face getting a . , from , told the : \" The for many will be that without a they will not be able to get a at the retail at which an was originally purchased . \" have been slashed in the and , and there is also likely to be very mixed available if are wanting to return and replace an , as it is unlikely a will be available on the . \" It is not only who could have - there are also for the themselves . \" It poses for in of additional for and ensuring that are adhered to ,\" said . \" This , are complicated by the high of before when many were purchased - so have the of managing their [ ] on . \" You can also expect to see long in at , which are never a desirable for the or . \" Find out more about your Most online send back 's for the expected in is based on the of handled by its , which is used by more than 1,000 . A of 1,517 online , looking at the of sent back , discovered that 30 of them returned 's , 17 's , 16 and 7 's . And in a separate of 1,505 online in the , 38 said that a free was likely to make them do more in this . The highest of through in the last financial took in 2016 .", "said if they want the highest of and social , then the current of is not going to work . pulled no in his first in his new . He said the real was the of political on the of and social . acknowledged the that will lead to the of . But he added that its growing and ageing means has to do differently . In a hard-hitting with of plain , the said to the and of the [ ] must not act as a that inhibits from getting the best . Instead , he called on to embrace and allow the to move with the .", ", 12 , was among 34 at in aboard a that crashed into a near , . Her said she had been \" very disturbed by it all \" . The said some still needed , but all were due back in next . The , which was heading to in for a , hit a on the ( ) near during the of 28 . , who worked for a in , , was killed . A second was also injured . Two who were badly hurt , with one receiving and another having a broken , have both been back to the independent to meet their , a said . He said some injured , including one who suffered a broken , had continued to receive and were due to continue recovering for a of until they could return to . Some and are also receiving . , whose escaped unhurt , told she was still \" emotionally not quite right \" . \" There 's been some teary and sleepless and it 's still quite a for her ,\" he said . \" There was one when she had to get into a and was very disturbed by it all . \" The 's second said he had spoken to in and it was \" going to be a long \" to find out what caused the , but he said he would still like to continue .", "spent two at after leaving , where he has been training since . \" I would never say never ,\" the said of the of signing for the . \" If they came to me and were interested , I would definitely consider it . \" spent six at and ended as . \" I am currently training at ,\" he told . \" When came about and I still had n't got a , I rang and asked if I could go in . \" They are a good with some fantastic young . \" I would never say never , but would need to want me first . \" The appears to be a possible for . \" I am probably looking further afield than ,\" he said . \" I 'm looking abroad . \" At the , there are a few interested , but they have their full of allocated so they need to maybe lose one or two of them before they can move . \" It is looking like before the foreign can come about , so I might need to get short until then . \" had no about his to , who helped the win 's third before dropping to the for much of last in the . \" I was out of with and at the they were only prepared to offer a one-year ,\" he said . \" When I spoke to , they were prepared to offer two . \" A of say you are dropping down the , which is a fair , but it is going to a of Rangers' , , , playing at every second and at every . \" I was just delighted to go to a like that and play for a that I really respected in . \"", "The - identified as a 30-year-old surnamed - was held in the southern and brought back to the , said . made a 37.5km around in and 43 , driving three faster than the official . A of his in soon became an in . In , two crashed a and a as they staged what said was a \" real-life Fast and Furious \" in the , referring to the . The were later sentenced to five and four in .", "It said just 8 of had built enough to replace of their sold through the , which allows to buy their . The said there was a of some having no affordable . The said it was committed to building 275,000 affordable new over the of this . Right to was first introduced in the under 's and was given a in 2012 when for were increased to \u00c2 \u00a3 75,000 . In this 's 's the announced the was being extended to 1.3m in . , which looked at provisional from the for and , said just two of the 166 in listed as selling through to had succeeded in replacing more than 100 of the sold . Under existing , the has promised that each sold after 2012 would be replaced . The 's chief warned the of not enough being replaced was only likely to get worse , leaving some with no affordable . \" At this they 'll soon be across the where on a normal can afford to live ,\" he said . 1. 187 2. 128 3. 89 4. and 88 5. 81 6. 80 7. 79 8. 71 9. 64 10. 59 The ( ) , which represents in and , said many were hampered by complex and on the of from of . said : \" It is imperative that are given the to replace sold through to Buy quickly and effectively as of the . \" need to be able to retain 100 of from while Right to Buy should be set locally so they reflect the of in the . \" said the estimated this would allow to replace 50,000 sold over the of the next . The said nearly 40,000 new had been created since it increased for in 2012 . A added : \" are continuing to fulfil the to deliver one for one within three , and over 3,000 have already been delivered across . \" We have been absolutely clear that if do not deliver one for one for the additional sold under to Buy the will . \"", "If made , the will put a 20 on any foreign in Russian , including those held indirectly through Russian . 's main are state-owned or controlled by loyal . But top said was facing \" an unleashed against the \" . Russian has accused the Ukrainian of provoking in eastern through of , including indiscriminate of . The blames pro-Russian for the , and says has fomented it by supplying and heavy to the . The is to go before ( lower ) on 23 , reports . The would apply to and as well as and . The is highly likely to become as it was proposed by who usually support the pro-Kremlin . reports that directly own in some Russian :", "The of and were discussed by and . The , which said it needed for a \" modern-day \" , approved its earlier . to demolish 's , which was built in 1923 , will go before . , chief of , said would be consulted as of the . The says that 's , which was built in 1976 , is expensive to run and maintain . A new at could cost around \u00c2 \u00a3 7.5m , while the could cost an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 6.7m . has said it expected to be consulted on the to demolish if the was put forward . \" was listed at in 2010 and recognised as a carefully-designed which works well with its and is a powerful of civic ,\" a said .", "A got out of the and an unknown jumped in and took the . said it happened at in south at about 17:25 . of the managed to stop the but the fled on . A short later a in his was arrested and remains in . The two were unharmed .", "The has joined the on a until the of the . could be handed his in the at on . has scored five for Two this but he has not featured for since .", "suggest around \u00a3 7m of \u00a3 10.25m lent to by the local was passed to . A of \u00a3 2.65m was then given to and his , . declined to comment , saying : \" I 'm under so ca n't speak . \" A from this showed a arose between the and , which has since gone into , over the . The called it a \" \" - paid to one to help carry out a jointly-run - but said it was a . It is unclear what has since happened to the . The \u00a3 10.25m was originally paid to the Two for the of the new at , along with a and - of which have been completed . were appointed to carry out the , with appointed to oversee the . When the went into , it owed \u00a3 7.3m and more than \u00a3 2m . The and fellow , , his and , feature as of several with to and a second appointed to oversee the - ( ) or . Many of these have gone into . is listed as the only of ; which is owned by another , . The administrators' also lists of \u00a3 314,000 to for his ; \u00a3 1.475m to ( ) and \u00a3 233,000 to . The of is also . lists two current : and . was a of the until last . It has also gone into - but not before a was made with a called ; whose are and . After the of , took over the of facilitating the . Its current are listed as and , while and resigned in . That has now also entered . The faces a , due to be heard on 16 , from & ( ) .", ", 48 , was arrested after appearing as a on a in last . He was flown to the to face the long-standing . of his attended the in , demanding his . was recently elected to his 's , \" We are here to support . We all feel like he is innocent ,\" said Haitian . \" We are here to let him know we stand up behind him . We think this is all ,\" he told the . Until last , the ( ) listed as a wanted on of to import and His , on 5 , came before he was due to be sworn in as a , which would have given him some from . has accused him of overseeing extra-judicial . , 's former , denies any . He took in the 2004 that removed from . The new Haitian , elected in , was sworn in on , with new due to take on 7 . has been led by interim since 2016 when stepped down at the of his .", "has 285 full-time across three , which cover and . The high of in the of is said to be a affecting . Each successful will receive a of \u00a3 1,340 in . will be offered at in , near and in . moved from to become a at after hearing about the . \" The crucial for coming here was the . I realised that when I started I would get the free which helped me settle in \" , he said . said : \" are higher in this , which means do struggle and the one that we can offer is the free when they start . \" Longer we would look to help them find somewhere in the local to live . \" Currently the average monthly for a one-bedroom in is \u00a3 897 , whereas the for the same of in is \u00a3 930 . The average for a in both ranges from \u00a3 500 to \u00a3 550 .", "Those arrested include two , and . The came crashing down on . say are common in , with poor often blamed . In : There is huge for , and often leads to and a of , say . said the were arrested for allegedly paying to and municipal to construct the in the of without any official . said on that the nine would be formally charged with culpable and causing by , once the into the had been completed . If convicted , they face of up to in . Most of the of the were poor working at the , and their . The included 30 and 18 . had continued at the even though four were already occupied . One told the that the appeared to have been caused by the of substandard . said the of the started just six ago , since when seven had been built . The eighth was under . In a similar in 2010 , 69 were killed in .", "The leaves first professional after four , having made 19 senior . described as \" a with great \" . \" He came through 's and has got great ,\" the added . The visit on , having won two of their three so far . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "has spent the last five as chief commercial at and replaces , who left in . \" I was delighted and even flattered by 's in the ,\" said , who put the up for in but is yet to find a . \" His as a and makes him , to my , a great to take our forward . \" had been with the since 2009 and brings more than 25 of to . \" has always been an important in and it has a long and rich of at the of the ,\" said . \" The to help restore the to its rightful in the is a I 'm really energised by and greatly looking forward to . \"", "and has increased hugely in recent across the , according to the . Eighty outdoor are being held over the 2015 , with most taking on or . has been issued by the for the first . said it was expecting more to take this in the , and . \" What 's interesting this is the of the . \" It 's three to four higher in certain than it was this last . does play a . \" He said overall increased from 15,000 last to 25,000 this and that 40 of now actively swim throughout the . \" The very much appeal to the British of doing different , slightly weird and wonderful ,\" he said . - Do not take if you are pregnant , suffer from or have a . - Get warm before the and remove your warm at the last . - Go in first , not head first , and control your before immersing your . - Have low of how long you will be in for or how far you will go - Dry off and put on within ten of getting out , 33 , from , described herself as a \" granite-fleshed bathing \" who always swims in the at . \" The is truly electrifying . It is a great to test your and boost your immune ,\" she said . has been photographing the since 2007 . \" Its getting massively busy now and the is amazing . are getting wilder and there are more and more taking ,\" he said . \" There are about 1,000 , of and of watch by too so we have a worldwide \" . from the in said : \" We have seen a huge in over the past five \" . He said its began in 1864 and about 100 usually take after a strict . \" Swimming in a is cheating \" he said , although stressed that the has \" strict \" making sure have acclimatised .", "The ( ) has stripped the three of their , won in in 2008 . They were among eight sanctioned for - the latest to be caught under a . The ( ) last ruled any with three or more positive would be banned for a . The is retesting of from the 2008 and 2012 , using new to uncover that went undetected at the . , 33 , took in the 's 75kg at , , 34 , won the 's and , 31 , was successful in the 's . All will now have to return their . The failed were uncovered last but the - announced by the on - will clear the for the to act . The issued new before last 's to crack down on in the . Its executive decided \" national confirmed to have produced three or more anti-doping in the combined of the 2008 and 2012 shall be suspended for one \" . , , and have already been banned by the . The other five to be sanctioned by the are : \" The of clean and the against are top for the ,\" a said ,", "by The ( ) and the of found the average retail dropped from 14.5 to 13.7 . has the highest of all Scottish , at 33 , while has the lowest , at 1 . The found that 40 of 's empty have remained vacant for more than three . It also suggested that have improved at twice the of 's . The most improved were , , , , , and . Five have maintained at less than 6 for the last three - , , , and . At the other of the , in five have remained above 22 over the last three - , , , and . had the highest of persistent , at 11 . was found to have the highest of independent ( 86 , while had the lowest ( 5 %) . is an increasingly significant in and , accounting for 39 of total in and . also account for more than 30 of in , , and . has the highest of for a , at 4.2 , while in has the greatest of for a , at 8.9 . , at the , said : \" The identifies important as well as quashes common that deprived ca n't succeed . \" Of particular is that in many Scottish almost 40 of the vacant have been vacant for more than three . \" Such a stark implies and a major to healthy and sustainable and . \" The looked into the of high in more than 100 and north of the .", "lost an to a , but is making a further legal that could go late into . The pilots' , called over a , will affect around 100,000 , said . The industrial is of a long-running at . The pilots' ( ) has organised 14 since 2014 . Short and medium-haul from will be affected from 00:01 to 23:59 local ( 23:01-22:59 ) . by 's other including , , , and are not affected by the , the said . between the and the German broke down earlier this , and said the had \" consistently rejected the \" of . The is calling for a 3.7 for 5,400 dating back to 2012 . , which is facing increasing from , offered a 2.5 over the six until 2019 . Meanwhile , a separate with at 's low-cost , , led it to cancel more than 60 on .", "The happened at the in in 2014 and damaged and killed . , who was at , said the was in a \u00a3 100,000 . The is one of the 's biggest , with some 175,000 attending each . During the , the was told that 42 were killed by the after a \" large \" of filtered into . in the alerted the to increased . The was told - including protected brown - died as a . 2014 admitted the single against it . Prosecuting , said : \" The was extensive ... It extended for at least 4km downstream . \" Representing the , , said the in the was a \" freak \" and not as serious as was being made out . \" We do n't accept that it was a major as described by the ,\" he said . \" The was eight . We do accept that there was a significant on and the . \" Significant were not incurred in of a up . \" The has now been adjourned while both put together more detailed . Outside said : \" Of course , I 'm exceedingly sorry for what 's happened . \" We had a obviously - there were 200,000 and we were storing . \" It was a for holding , but on this we were using it for the and it was starting to leak . \" It was a new , it cost me \u00a3 100,000 , so that 's my . \" Another yet to be decided is the of the . If it is a one , the would be in for a of between \u00a3 55,000 to \u00a3 300,000 or , if it is deemed a two the fine would be \u00a3 20,000 . The told the any should be in with the 's . They said the 's net was \u00a3 84,000 a before . But the said was about \u00a3 37m . said the donated \u00a3 2m in 2015 to a of , including the and . said there was \" significant between one to another \" and said there would be a four-day to decide the before . , and headlined the in 2014 .", ", 34 , has made eight for since joining in , helping them win the in , but is currently injured . In a , said they had decided to play their younger for the of the . current with will expire this . Former clashed with in before a proposed to Turkish collapsed the following . Never want to miss the latest ? You can now add and all the other and you follow to your personalised My .", "The shadow wants the updated to include academic and vocational . In a in the of , he will call for a \" new political \" on . \" We have a long-standing between the and the ,\" says . is understood to want a more \" constructive \" to after 's general . The in the of will emphasise the common of wanting to improve to drive economic and calls on the to create a cross-party \" to cover , educational and \" . wants to build a political on moving away from the current , which he argues needs to be overhauled when the leaving has risen to 18 and these are no longer the final . The shadow wants a broader incorporating both vocational and academic . But such a would need to be introduced over a longer than the next - and 's is an to \" begin a \" . says that the is no longer delivering the needed for the . \" We need a new political to put it right . That is why I am calling on the to initiate a cross-party of 14-19 in this . \" We should leave off the . Our only should be establishing on the needed in our 14-19 to secure for our the long-term economic and that we need to succeed . \" promised during the there would be no more \" constant or constant \" in the next five . The major to the and , announced in the previous , will be implemented during the next . These include phasing in a more \" rigorous \" of and , with less and and a greater on at the of two . On , the announced that the revised for would have a tougher than at .", "is the 's largest of heavy . The has in , and . 's employs 1,800 and mainly makes . The has been hit by a global in and which has reduced for its . It is understood that the may announce across its global beyond . It has already axed of worldwide since last as of a major . Since 2011 it has shed more than 1,000 in and moved some to in . It is understood have been cancelled , with told to expect official on . refused to comment on any . But a added : \" is committed to communicating regularly and directly with our about the and any resulting \" . in for said : \" over the of 's in the will be no doubt distressing for and their . \" \" It is vitally important that keep all up to with the latest as soon as possible ,\" he added . The American bought in 1999 . There have been significant in over the past , including , and .", "An , , says the is lagging behind many European when installing optic that enable the fastest . It is calling for faster for and . A said most can get \" superfast \" . \" Almost nine out of ten has to superfast and 95 of the will be reached by 2017 ,\" a for the for , and told the . But the believes the should be higher and is calling for of 10 per ( ) by 2030 , 1,000 faster than the current official of 10 per ( ) by 2020 . \" Now is the to set a bold new for genuinely world-beating ,\" said , senior on at the , and of the . \" We have the leading in the , and yet download are mediocre and the of optic is woeful . \" He added : \" Unfortunately , the 's current displays a distinct of . \" said the needed to look at how the could provide the physical needed to maintain a \" at the of digital in \" . interviewed for the said that better could increase their 's , make them more competitive , and enable them to offer more flexible to their . The comes just after said must open up its and allow to improve . also said there was a digital in the between those with the latest , and those without . It has proposed that decent , affordable should be a universal . had called for a between and its , which runs its , and . such as , and , who pay to use the , had claimed that underinvested in , leading to a poor with and slow .", ", and were called to near , , on by a of the who had seen the supine of a lying in the . The \" \" turned out to be a of called A , which has been at the for more than a . A described the as \" quite realistic \" . Read more here The , by , was designed to only be seen at low and was intended to sink eventually . However , said it had \" stayed on the longer than it should \" . He said : \" I 've always been a worried that a would spot it and want to rescue it . \" To convince it 's a real is a great , although I would like to apologise to the poor who called it in . \" The was a parting to the from , who had a and works nearby for 15 until 2016 before moving to . says his \" attempts to do to the and its , by peopling it with large that have survived the of the and the . \" confirmed they attended , saying : \" received a from a of the reporting what they believed to be a in the . \" The and were also called to assist , but a short later this was actually confirmed to be a . \" A is reminiscent of 's on in , which depicts 100 looking out over the .", ", 35 , travelled to , where he thought he was meeting a 14-year-old called . But he was confronted by so-called \" \" and later arrested , was told . He admitted attempting to incite a to engage in sexual and meeting a after online . He also pleaded guilty at an earlier to attempting to cause a to watch a sexual . The heard started messaging the in an online in , saying she looked \" cute and beautiful \" . But she was in an belonging to a called . The was captured on by the In Out , which investigated the of in . The heard that Romanian arranged to meet \" \" in and suggested she bring a for sexual . Sentencing him , said : \" You were the of an conducted by those who are looking to attract . \" He was also made the of an indefinite sexual . have drawn from both the and , who have said it was inappropriate for the to conduct undercover . They have urged with to instead pass it to them instead .", "caught the cold to play in and the former made no to fire in after nine . could have made it comfortable for just before the , but he was unable to hit the after 's neat put him through . were left frustrated as and squandered decent . And were left clinging on when picked up two to be sent off with five remaining - just eight after coming off the . supplied by the , 0 , 1 . , 0 , 1 . ( ) is shown the yellow for a bad . ( ) is shown the yellow for a bad . ( ) is shown the yellow for a bad . , . replaces . ( ) is shown the yellow for a bad . , . replaces . ( ) is shown the yellow for a bad . ( ) is shown the yellow . , . replaces . , . replaces . begins 0 , 1 . , 0 , 1 . ! 0 , 1 . ( ) . begins . are announced and are warming up .", "The lost his in 's general after 14 as the . , 49 , will serve as executive of but is still considering various two on from his . He described himself as not suited to \" navel and endless \" . In his first full since the , the former for the , for and to the described his at the \" sweeping away of \" on 8 . \" I was extremely disappointed and upset for like my who 've worked in my for and . I was very sorry on their ,\" he said . \" I suppose it [ the of the ] meant that it did n't feel quite as personal\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 when you see all of your being knocked over like then it feels that it 's much more difficult to do about . \" But the was clear to see as the former shunned the and left the with barely a to . Having been integral to the that led to the of the in 2010 , he had been \" hoping and expecting \" to do the same again . Instead , he went home to sleep . His new for , a liberal , will take up two a but he hopes to have a full-time by the of the . \" I 've already got one as which I 'm very pleased about as it will allow me to take forward my in and , and I 've been talking to other about other I may do next ,\" he said . But that will not include standing for again . \" I 'd already got the that serving four in , had I been re-elected in this , would have been about the right of to do ,\" he said . \" I do n't think that should go on forever and I think it 's not therefore likely that I would stand again as a of . \" Despite the of the to the , he remains optimistic of the being recaptured by his . \" In like where we have had big and strong at the local and a national for many I would think that there 's every we can win back the at the next general in 2020 and I 'll do I can to support our new to become the next . \"", "One was found earlier this , but now nine have been uncovered . The are in the of being exhumed from underneath the previously used as the 's mini . They are thought to be from a that existed before the was built . , of and 's , and said : \" The are now being carefully exhumed and will be examined to determine more about the deceased before being re-buried or cremated . \" He added the had \" so many strong historic \" and the is \" another important to the 's rich cultural \" . of , which is managing the on , said : \" This is a significant that shines a on an important historical in the . The and at the is recorded on the 's of 1803 and absent by the of 1876 . \" The best as to when and ceased is when the moved to the current on in 1805 . \" A for said they were \" excited \" with the \" We have known for a long about the being used from 1700 to 1805 but did not know that any were left buried there . \" The at the is of a to restore the and . It is expected to finish by the of 2018 .", "Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar , , am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth . a ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd . chwech o griwiau t\u00e2n o'r Rhyl , , . Mewn datganiad dywedodd Gwasanaeth T\u00e2n ac : \" Ry'n ni'n gofyn i'r cyhoedd osgoi'r ardal os oedd modd . \" Mae nifer o adeiladau yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle . \" Mae disgwyl i'r gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa . \"", "hit by the in can apply for up to \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 from the 's . seen by the show that only 13 have applied for the . , for , said she had received about accessing the . \" The is incredibly complicated and that 's where have been struggling ,\" she said . \" It 's putting off a on . \" of and were flooded in the after the and burst their . The is administered by of and requires a to be carried out on the flooded before can be applied for . The said that 360 private were eligible for the . The added : \" We very much welcome but know that this can take while wait for and . \" We 're appointing a to help and through the . \"", "was one of 21 heading to when their was hit by a on the . Her , 18 , was killed while and several were badly hurt . was jailed for more than six for causing 's , in 2013 . , who broke her , and , said the she received from a while in led her to want to support . Speaking publicly for the first about the , described how was \" excited and giddy \" for the . \" To me the was just a massive ,\" she said . \" I thought the had blown up . \" I remember the dropping on its . The next , I woke up on the so I 'd actually come out of the . \" was taken to where she , along with 's , underwent major and spent in intensive . Whilst she was there she got from , which helps of major . She said : \" It 's absolutely fantastic . \" It supports by giving , legal and such as me and , who have been in similar and who are now helping other who 've suffered from major . \" said the had made her realise how lucky she had been . \" ca n't complain , she 's not here ,\" she added . \" We just have to be grateful for what we 've got . \"", "The come less than a before a to by . Most of the were of the predominantly Catholic , in . They walked through the of holding up of political , before they were rounded up by . According to 's main , , of in and from other were handcuffed and pushed into and on . A of them were released later , it said . says the are financed by right-wing American to destabilise the . Cuban are planning to protest during the 's to the , which begins on . They have accused the of becoming too cosy with the of and failing to speak out against human . \" The should be concerned about this or any human are involved . It 's their ,\" said , of leading dissident of . He told the he was handcuffed and taken to a after 's . later dropped him off at a , he said . The says it defends the of human but cannot take up individual political . played a key in facilitating the historic between and the , which led to diplomatic being restored after more than five of . Senior Cuban and American met in for at the before and surprised the last by announcing they had agreed to mend .", "Just over 46,000 were registered north of the - a year-on-year of more than 2.7 . However , increased by 5.3 to almost 519,000 - the strongest recorded since 1999 . is typically the biggest , accounting for about a of the 's . Last saw retain its as in , with more than 10,000 sold . The remained the most popular new , while the had a strong and moved into the two for the to . The were compiled by the of and . Top Scottish in 1. 2,575 2. 1,772 3. 1,249 4. 1,126 5. 1,077 : chief said : \" All have experienced with the of and and . \" The however are minimal and with the fantastic on 2015 elsewhere , we have come out of this critical well ahead for the to . \" We have been aware of some who were experiencing new towards the of the , and this may well have had a small but noticeable negative . \" The of the continues to show stronger but as we have mentioned previously this may not all be down to with specific and taking tactical on . \"", "Six have been reported to between 3 and 13 . In all the , two or three have targeted foreign national in an to steal - succeeding on two . The , who are described as southern , claimed to be before demanding to search the . said the first took at about 13:20 on 3 in the , when a Chilean was approached by a who asked him to take his . The were then approached by two who claimed to be and then demanded to search them . The two then got into a silver or grey and drove away and the other walked into the . said the Chilean later realised a three-figure of had been stolen from him . On 13 , two Chinese lost a four-figure of when they were targeted in a similar on . They were approached by two who showed them and said they were undercover . Other happened in , , and in the . There was one on 3 , one on 11 and four on 13 . , of , said : \" These are purposely targeting who are visiting the in a to steal from them . \" Impersonating a is not only inappropriate , it is illegal . We would advise that if you are stopped by claiming to be a , request their and ask to see a . \" All our are happy to provide this to the and it should be offered readily . \"", "\" is done and we will not reopen it ,\" said . was speaking as met in to discuss and a similar with the , , which has also faced . A draft has been agreed , but could still delay it . of protested against and in on and more in - outside the 's - on . fear that the could water down European in the key of workers' , public and the . There is also great about proposed special where will be able to sue if they feel that hurts their unfairly . say the mere of such - an to national - will have a \" chilling \" on , leading to slacker on the and . Would be a good for the ? on : The explained tanking ? said would dominate 's in . The hopes the can be signed with at the of , so that it can then go to the for . But it will also need to be ratified by national across the . \" What we are discussing with the is if we should make some , a so that we can cover some of those ,\" said . She acknowledged in some that might see their \" the to regulate \" diluted . \" Maybe that [ right ] needs to be even clearer in a ,\" she said , admitting that the were still \" difficult \" . , an Austrian , said the 's top - the of - must first examine the proposed ( ) to check its . holds \" great \" for , she warned , adding that some of her fellow thought likewise . German and called \" a for future \" . But he was pessimistic about . \" The were not prepared to make that made , and so there will definitely not be a [ ] this ,\" he said . of and say such could set global , warning that could mean setting the . and promise to remove and non-tariff , boosting on both of the , free say .", "is unsupported on your 21 2014 Last updated at 21:36 made 24 from , with doubling up as . The will mark the 209th of the during the . The will be paraded through the of in at the .", ", 66 , collapsed at his in , , and was given by his , . used a to shock to restore his normal for almost an . ( ) said only about 8 of survived a cardiac outside . , of , said : \" 's is extremely rare . His was very unstable , which lead to a repeated cardiac meaning the had to shock him 17 . \" said : \" It 's an astonishing to tip over the and be hauled back again . \" What they did for me might of just been of their but they worked so hard to keep me going . I will forever be grateful . \"", "The 23 stroked the to a fast and they were ahead after 500m but European , and proved too strong . The came out on , with the British eight comfortably holding off the from the The eight now prepare for the in in . There was no for 's in the 's . and her , and , were always off the and finished fifth in a won by .", ", who makes the to 's in in on a daily , has his own created by . posted a asking to lay off the as a found , who weighs 6.6kg ( one ) , was overweight . \" loves him ,\" said . \" The other when it was cold and he stayed indoors , a of 's messaged me to ask where he was , which was very sweet . \" He brings more into the - tell me they go and shop there just to see him . \" 's was set up last by a who had spotted him in the , and is now run by . \" We worry about him crossing the , but we do n't really get any negative about his ,\" he said . \" We live about a four-minute away from 's but knows all the so can get there quicker than that . \"", "gave the the with early on as he curled home from 20 into the . The fought back and forced into a fine with a fierce from long-range . The almost restored when volleyed against the but held on .", ", from the ( ) , said the would instead be given to a . However , he will continue to use the used by the previous . The took of , a metropolitan including the , from the ( ) in local . said no more would be bought under his . He took over from the governing , which lost of the for the first since 1994 , last . More on this and other African Four from The bought 10 new 3 , which are yet to be delivered , for 5 million ($ 356,000 ; \u00a3 266,000 ) , local say . The were meant for of the mayoral , with the said to be confident it would retain of the in the . He will still use a 5 he inherited from the previous , reports the . 's told the that this could not \" be dispensed with because it 's been bought and paid for already and prohibit that \" . He added : \" But , as soon as he can replace it , he will , with a sensible , low-cost \" . says the wanted to embark on . He said in a : \" No new will be bought or leased for \u201a and if currently owned by require \u201a sensible and low-cost will be procured . \" I will not allow public to be spent on \u201a while our struggle for \u201a and . \" A or can do the same for a as an expensive . \" The national has been criticised for wasteful , so will be closely watching what the do differently in the key urban they won in the , says the 's in . will be keen to see if the , which has until now only run one , will be able to make on its ambitious , our says .", "The was sold to the on . There had been that the new would not take on the existing . But regional said : \" We had productive and we were given that all current will be honoured . \" said it understood that the final was closed in 2004 and that its presently have an alternative which is unaffected the . The , the \" \" 's private , confirmed that the current with would continue under the new . met with from at the . He said : \" It was made clear that the new wishes to restore to its former as a highly profitable . \" This would be achieved by greater in the , and utilising the present spare at to process and not just . \"", "The , named by as , 34 , from central , was injured and taken to . else was hurt in the , which filled of the 3 with . An online attributed to the says the was to protest at his by Chinese . The suggests his lower was paralyzed after he was alleged to have been heavily beaten by in southern in 2005 . , who is alleged to have been operating an unlicensed , was also apparently dissatisfied with the his against the had been dealt with . said he detonated the - a of taken from - after being prevented from distributing . posted on 's showed a dark-haired waving a white in the before the . Later from the showed the on its with treating him on the . drifted through the after the , which occurred shortly before 18:30 ( 10:30 ) near one of the . showed several medical providing , with also at the . say has been restored at the and there is no to .", "The hit the central halfway between 32 for and 33 , , at about 17:45 on . The westbound was closed from 30 , , and one was also closed eastbound . One has been taken to the in . Their was not known . The said other involved in the were not injured . There were long in both following the , but has since eased . remain in . advised to avoid the for the of the . The sent two rapid , one and a but an could not be sent due to the . Two and one from and remained at the late on to assist . Check if this is affecting your", "The , based on the 's , is due to open in the next 12 . The will be used primarily to research to improve to weather-related such as . A to the 's and will give a full on to . Initially the will have up to six . Last , the Scottish gave that to develop the remained on . It followed from about the of on the , since it was first announced in last . A to the says it is essential the renewed is maintained . To that working are being set up , and and are exploring the best and for the .", "The has been busy during half . One told the his queued for more than two as they tried to leave the . said it had spent more than \u00c2 \u00a3 10,000 in the last developing alternative and . and said had been altered recently to prevent travelling through the of . \" The is is very popular ,\" said , for . \" I 'll be working very closely with the to ensure the we 've developed is working . We want to support them as it does bring a of and to the . \" , from , took his two to the on . \" We left at when the closed and were ready to go 10 later ,\" he said . \" But , we did n't get through the to scan our until well after eight . \" It was then another 30 before we hit the main . \" said it had worked incredibly hard with the over recent on and would continue to do so . \" We understand a delayed from the would be frustrating ,\" a said . \" We have employed a of additional to help and provided with to turn right out of the to utilise the new . \"", "in , , was warned it must make a \" significant \" . If not , it could face having its cancelled . The privately-run was served with a formal by the and given until next to make . Seven of were listed after an , with and , personal for , environmental , and of all being criticised . A for the said : \" in has the to safe , compassionate which meets their and respects their . \" Where we have , we do not hesitate to take . \" Our first is always the and of and this sets out what we expect the to do to ensure that the provided to improves . \" We will be inspecting this again soon to ensure that is being made . \" An said : \" We are working hard with the to meet their within the set . \"", "broke into the in , on , a after 's 11th . In the , she tells the \" how much they hurt me \" , that she cries for two each , and they had made her \" scared of the again \" . wrote the after speaking to . More on this and other from said the helped her tell the \" how she feels , and how it 's affected her . \" She said : \" I really am super proud of her . \" new , a she got for , and was taken from her , as well as her 's . , and other were taken in the , along with and her younger . said was too upset to sleep in her after seeing it ransacked . were broken and taken on during a recent to may have been lost forever . wrote : \" To my [ ] . I hope you are happy with yourself , I can no longer sleep in my own [...] \" Why could you not have left when you saw to [ ] of a happy and when you saw my , but anyway thank you for scaring me so much I cry 2 straight nearly every . \" called the \" despicable human \" but said the had rallied round . of said : \" is a highly intrusive which can have a huge on the . In this , a young has been left feeling scared and upset after her was broken into . \" I would like to reassure and her that we are doing we can to find the responsible for this . \" It is totally unacceptable that should feel scared in their own and lose valuable . \"", "The 16-year-old was arrested at his in the of on of at . He was treated in for a minor before being taken into . A second 16-year-old arrested at the on on of and of a remains in . originally said the first arrested had suffered a minor during the and \" was believed to be in his \" . The later issued another putting his at 16 . \" At this believe he sustained the as a of an between a of ,\" it added . , who were called at 15:45 on to of an injured , say they recovered two . A taken by a of the appeared to show that a had been found . filmed at the also appeared to show fleeing in .", "is not supported on this , 39 , has not played since leaving in . He will start out as a but has also joined 's \" \" . \" To own a and be a at the same is unusual but it 's going to be very exciting ,\" said . \" It 's a good because I want to carry on playing but I 'm almost 40 and it 's important for me to prepare for my later . \" have just started their fourth in the of , which forms of the second of the American . The hope to become one of four planned in over the next three . \" I had from , from - in both the and even the - but they were only as a ,\" told The . \" This was the right because it was important for me to think about playing , because I enjoy it , but also to get to the next of my . \" scored 157 in 341 during his first at from 2004 to 2012 , winning three and the . Following to in and Turkish , returned to the for the 2014-15 , scoring seven in 40 , helping 's to the , before 18 with . He joins former at , who have one and two from three this . \" I 'm still a but it 's important to respect the of the ,\" added , who is 's . \" When we 're on the , he 's going to be the one who decides and when we go to , it 's a different . \" Watch the full with in The on on , 13 ( 22:00 ) .", "is not supported on this , 30 , hinted at after narrowly losing her to 21-year-old Belgian in a thrilling in . told the she should \" take two or three and work out exactly what you do want to do \" . \" When she takes that and makes that we 'll move from there . \" Next the come to , where won four ago , but after missing out on retaining her by 35 , the would not commit to continuing . \" It 's going to be a tough , I 'm going to go away and think about it ,\" she said . \" At this , I 'm tired and emotional - it 's a big . \" has coached since she was 13 , helping her become in 2009 , in three later , and then take at the 2015 just 14 after she gave to her . The Sheffield-born said it might be for him to \" be selfish \" , should retire . \" She clearly wo n't do another in 2020 . If there are coming up , I need to start having a at that as a going forwards ,\" he continued . \" It will be a of a I have to make for myself so maybe it 's for me to be a selfish and make some for me . \" said that he counted 's in as a \" better \" than her at 2012 , but he had \" mixed \" after the . \" If you look at the she 's made , having missed two of to come back , the she 's made is pretty remarkable ,\" he added .", "The 's nine-year-old was also threatened by a of the , who had a . The happened at their in the at about 05:30 on , said . The three balaclava-wearing stole , and a mobile before fleeing . The carrying the , said to be a small , was described as Asian , slim and aged between 20 and 30 . The with the was black , between 30 and 40 , of a medium and with bloodshot . It is believed they were met by three other outside the . are now appealing for with to contact them . said : \" This targeted a and her young , even stooping as low as to hold a to the of a who was clearly heavily pregnant and absolutely terrified . \" Thankfully they were not physically injured and the unborn not harmed but the emotional they have suffered is immeasurable . \"", ", , , , and saw but fell in and . in also rose sharply compared with 2014 but exceptionally low were recorded that due to \" atrocious \" . said it was \" pleasing \" to see rising . A has been carried out across the since 2007 . The latest were collected during and 2015 with the in the higher than the Scottish of 2 . Last fell by 11 but this was largely blamed on the very low recorded in . said : \" These are only ever going to give us a of a short of and can fluctuate depending on , however it is pleasing to see that overall average has increased and the for several are particularly encouraging . \" We need to build on these in and the , and and can all play their in that , making our as attractive as possible to local and to the . \" This started in 2007 and has in charted the of the and in on our , which largely accounts for the 23 in over that . \" He said the were not unique to the and would remain in the longer .", "Almost completely cut off for , it has tried to let in some of the outside while fiercely guarding its ancient . The Bhutanese for , , means \" of the \" and it only began to open up to in the . The hereditary has wielded since 1907 . But became a two-party parliamentary after in 2008 . 750,000 38,364 ( 14,812 ) Major ( ) , 66 ( ) , 70 ( ) of : succeeded his , , in 2006 after the former announced his . His had already given up some of his absolute in 1998 and ruled in with the , an and a royal . : was elected 's second prime in 2013 , succeeding . He is of the 's . He was of the in the from 2008 to 2013 . He has projected himself as a , rejecting official and prime ministerial . did not come to until 1999 . For , the cut itself off , fearing that outside would undermine its and . began in 1973 and the arrived in 1999 . Some key in the of : 1720 - Chinese imperial invades and temporarily establishes over . 1772-73 - British . 1864-65 - Further by . 1907 - is chosen as hereditary . 1910 - giving over foreign . 1949 - signed with newly-independent guaranteeing in 's internal , but allowing over foreign . 1958 - abolished . 1974 - First foreign allowed in . 1990 - of flee to following . 1998 - cedes some to national .", "The 47-year-old , who presently coaches 's 's , will take over from in . And believes can take to greater . \" She could take any 's in in my , she is that good a ,\" told . \" 's done fantastic , has learned off her and now she can hand it over and can continue and make the stronger and better . \" The is the strongest it 's been and I think will take them even further than . \" , who is sidelined at with a , is a former of 's with and , where the was also a . \" It 's a great ,\" said the . \" I was fortunate enough to play with and be coached by . \" She 's great in the changing , she 's a great , one of the best I 've ever been under , so it 's great for the . \" She knows all the personally and as that makes a massive . \" It 's really important that we now have a Scottish and deserves it because she came up through the as a and she is also a great because she had a on the - actually plays for my now at . \" became the first-ever female in senior British when , three ago , she took of in the , the new for the . \" She is just a great to have in the Scottish , she 's been involved in the 's , which a fantastic for her , and if deserves the now , it is definitely ,\" added . not only led , who currently sit fourth in the , to a , she also completed a in . In a , the former said : \" I have no the academic I received will be of great in my new as well as in the and beyond . \" of paid to , who will remain in until the of their . \" During 's , the of has established its at the of British and the Scottish ,\" she said .", ", 28 , is their fourth of the after , and . \" has been on our for several and we actually tried to bring him to the four ago ,\" chief said . open their with a to on . , who has also played for and , has made 200 and played in the with . A former , he switched international to in 2010 . He represented the at the 2010 in and has won 48 , scoring 13 . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "The 's won the after the on . for the was 34.4 , with 4,006 cast out of an of 11,638 . The was called following the of , who was elected as for , and earlier this .", "The seven had been given six-year after an devastated the medieval of in 2009 , killing 309 . The triggered , with some saying that itself had been put on . On an cleared the of the . ruled that there was no to answer . \" The of 's entire scientific has been restored ,\" said , the of the of and . The seven - all leading or - had been of a convened in in 2009 following a of in the . after they met , a 6.3 struck the in the of the . Many of medieval were destroyed , and some blamed the for not providing adequate . in the subsequent said the had offered falsely reassuring to . According to , they noted that one had said there was \" no \" from the . Following the guilty , more than 5,000 signed an open to Italian in of the . Many argued that the represented a fundamental of . 's to overturn the came after a month-long . The can still seek to have the original reinstated via a higher .", "found , also known as , boosts the of immune to kill . increases the and of , white that can kill and eat harmful . The , in the of , could lead to a \" major in \" , a said . was tested on Staphylococcal , such as the potentially fatal ( ) . Such are found in and , but are also on the in , the and among . The used extremely high of - far higher than that obtained from dietary - in their , carried out both on and on human . And the say there is as yet no that dietary or could prevent or treat bacterial . The say appears to be able to \" turn on \" certain antimicrobial , boosting the immune . , of 's , who worked on the , said : \" This is potentially very significant , although we still need to do human . \" are , but they face increasing with by various of , especially . \" This could give us a new to treat that can be deadly , and might be used in with current . \" It 's a to tap into the of the innate immune and stimulate it to provide a more powerful and natural immune . \" , of the of , said : \" are really the front against in the and the of seems safe at this to use in as it is already licensed for . \" This could cause a major in for alongside conventional to help bolster immune . \" I would like to see in patient clinical but cannot see why this could n't be used straight away in infected . \"", "The into 22 in criticised the for not doing enough . The young went missing a of over a 20-month while being looked after in the . The of ( ) said it has recently made aimed at keeping safe . In 2013 , the said it had begun a major into the sexual of and young who had gone missing from in . said they had identified 22 , aged between 13 and 18 , who may have been sexually exploited . The was known was . 's , examining the , has been published by the for . It said were effective in locating the and returning them to the . However , it found that they failed to properly examine the of the sexual taking and their to find and stop the was - in the of the - \" limited and inconsistent \" . While there is for the offered by some from residential , 's said that the shows not enough was given to protect the from or the of . He said the had identified \" a significant \" in about of sexual . The of the 's , said that following , the has \" implemented a of in our to handling this to ensure we are doing we can to keep and young safe \" . \" Indeed , in of this , the formed the which is now responsible for and in to a of including sexual . \" The new enable us to work closely with our in a much more cohesive than before to ensure better and for and young . \" The said the has also revised its , a joint with the and social . \" This is designed to support effective collaborative by the and social in of who run away or go missing from their or and builds upon in our and ,\" added . Last , a separate into the concluded that sexual was a growing to young in . That also said that some were thought to have to paramilitary .", "A is considering whether to charge the over the , which was filmed and went viral . He will spend the in and will continue on , a says . has denied , though he has since apologised for his . The Kenyan deported the 60-year-old and three of his on to 's , , following a public over the . The 's in says arrived at the 's early on and took him into . He was handcuffed , put into a and then taken to a where a is considering whether he should be put on . His , , told the that , one of 's most popular , should not be detained overnight as he was not a . However , left the under and will spend the at the , our says . The Congolese has been in similar in the :", ", and were last seen at at about 16:45 on . and has appealed for who sees them , or knows of their , to make . in is the only minimum-security in the . was sentenced in 2006 for and , was jailed in the same for , while was sentenced in 2001 for . Earlier , the suggested all three were convicted of but this was later amended . A said : \" Public is our top . We take from extremely seriously . We are working closely with the and are urgently investigating this . \" According to and : , near , is a housing more than 500 , including some on .", "\" I have to work with - make for interior , for ,\" he told 1 . He said would be particularly keen for him to create \" a minimalist inside of a \" . \" Yo , allow to create , allow him to make this because you know what , I want a that he makes , I want a that he makes . \" was pictured visiting 's in , , earlier this . He has previously collaborated with British who has , in , created a of and for . The has so far declined to comment on a possible with , who has a designing and . Its of providing affordable would chime with 's to make his own more affordable . The 's with also covered his set at the 2015 . He said a musical at the made him forget his , with knock-on for the of the . \" It was incredible . I started off the and I completely messed up the . And me , as you can imagine by this , I 'm a of a . So it really put me into a slightly depressed and it put me back in the of when I was in high and I got fired from my . \" I do n't usually get nervous , I prepare , I get fully prepared . When that messed up in the it tapped into my and when you 're nervous or vulnerable special and different can happen . \" And he discussed his political , after previously declaring he would run for in 2020 . \" When I talk about the of being , I 'm not saying I have any political ,\" said the . \" I just have a on , on , on the . \" We are numb , we 're numb to 500 getting killed in a , we 're numb to the that it was seven in the of . \" If there is that I can do with my and my , to somehow make a while I 'm alive I 'm going to try to do it . \" You can hear the full from 19:00 on 's 1 . Follow us on @ , on at bbcnewsents , or entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "said the had been caused by a which saw the and fail for almost three . said there was \" \" as had to be checked in manually from 07:30 . were also delayed as did not know which to go to . The was fixed at about 10:00 . A at the told the he was delayed at the for about an . He said : \" My did n't leave until because the were down . There were at the and did n't know where to board their . \" There was massive . \" A said : \" We had a slight this with the which meant that we lost some . \" It did not cause any or any great , but it did cause some in the in between and . \" Our were on it and , following , it was found to be a that was sorted quickly . \" He added : \" We saw some delayed by about half an , and in the which was cleared as soon as the was fixed . \"", "said the reported feeling unwell and required . He was later discharged from and is recovering at . The happened in , , on . The said the were \" as yet unidentified \" but warned of the \" potential \" they posed . The , has been charged with possessing a controlled with to supply ; possessing a controlled with to supply ; of a controlled ; of a controlled and supplying a controlled . He is due to appear at on 14 .", "The was announced by , who earlier rejected for an independent . The between and also displaced of . The welcomed the , saying it could make \" important \" to restoring . 's said it could create a \" conducive for a more inclusive forward to tackle the underlying of the , including the of the Muslim in \" . What sparked the in ? The and of a young Buddhist in in set off a of deadly religious Why was a of declared ? To allow the to take over administrative of the Who are the ? The describes them as a persecuted religious and linguistic from western . The Burmese says they are relatively recent from the Indian . already hosts several hundred thousand from and says it cannot take any more & : recount A on 's said on the 27-member would include from different political and also religious . It said the would submit its next . The in began in late when a Buddhist was raped and murdered by three . A later killed 10 in , though they were unconnected with the earlier . Sectarian spread across the , with of both and being burnt down . The has said that about 80,000 have been displaced in and around the and by the . There is long-standing between , who are and make up the of the 's , and . Most of these identify themselves as , a that originated in of , now called .", "The of of 712 Italian-American in the 1960s showed their had risen by 7.5-8.5 per extra of . Those involved in complex such as charging exorbitant for or saw three the of those who committed violent . But , on average , the 712 left a earlier than other white of a similar in their . \" Criminal are known to start very early and are likely to be interwoven with ,\" the says . said tended to have a protective against getting involved with , but he added : \" It is also true that if you decide to be a it 's better to be a better-educated . \" The says : \" Private to exist not only in legitimate but also in the illegitimate that imply a sufficient of ,\" \" ( in of ) to a of are around 7.5 to 8.5 , compared to 9-10 for the . \" Moreover , for who , according to the of , were involved in white-collar that require running an illegal ( ie , , ) we found to that are about three as large as for those who are involved in violent ( ie , ).\"", "have paid \" in of \u00a3 200,000 \" for , who they sold to for a reported of about \u00a3 700,000 in 2013 . , 26 , will return for the 2016 . \" I am really happy to have this sorted and to be returning home to ,\" he told the 's . \" All of my and live in , a of them play for . It really was a for me . \" It 's been a fantastic to test myself in the but the is I am 13,000 away from my and . \" added on : \" He 's back at which is where he is meant to be . \" The had first on , who leaves with a remaining on the three-year he initially signed . The reunites with his two - , 28 , and , 22 - who have both been in the this . links up again with whom he is very close to - the coached him during in the at the and they kept in regular when he moved to . As well as being linked with a to , after he played a one-off in the 15-man for the against in 2013 , said they would consider an for him . is not supported on this After scoring five on his first-team as a in 2008 , was a prolific for the , scoring 144 in 152 . He won a domestic of the and in 2013 . had an encouraging first in the and was in the top 15 for , try and but has featured just twice this because of a .", "was on his on , , on when he was involved in a with a . He was airlifted to the , where he later died . His described him as a \" quiet , enthusiastic , caring and loving \" with a \" real for \" . Paying , they said : \" He had just celebrated his 21st by touring on his . \" He died doing he loved and is now at and resting with his . He will be dearly missed by that knew him and will never be forgotten . \" are urging of the to get in .", "The made 64 for his , including three at the 2006 , and is 's most-capped . has been mainly used as a to and in recent . \" It has not been an easy for me and has been one that I 've taken incredibly seriously ,\" he said . \" However , after much and I feel that now is the right in to focus fully both on my and at . \"", "has one of the biggest in the . of living there tend to wear special to help to filter out the . Italian came up with the of creating which are full of , to help fight . These two special will be to more than 1,000 and 2,500 and which should absorb the in the and help to filter it and make it cleaner . The will be built in the Chinese of , and should be finished by 2018 . The shorter will be a , while the taller will be to a , and an . The are the first of their in , but will join two other like them , from and . The has to build similar in other Chinese like , , , and . In 2014 's said they were working hard to reduce the of in the - and since then they 've been closing down coal-burning , and limiting the of on .", "is not supported on this In an error-strewn , the 2012 needed 102 from his closing to reach the . However , he managed only 50.40 to finish in last with 403.25 - well short of the personal of 571.85 he set in 's preliminary . \" It 's really hard to accept . I 've worked so hard ,\" said , 22 . \" I scored the highest ever in an . it was n't meant to be . That 's what does sometimes . \" I truly am heartbroken because I feel like I am in the peak physical and I could have won . \" had said was \" in the best and best of his \" before the . , who won a in the 10m synchronised with , suggested he would compete again in in 2020 . \" I 'm so happy with how have done , so proud to be of it and I wanted to be able to stand on of that , so it will be another four hard ,\" he said . is not supported on this 's , 20 , claimed his second of the by winning the , which took later on . , who also won the 10m alongside , scored 585.30 to finish ahead of 's ( 532.70 ) and defending of the ( 525.25 ) . is not supported on this Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "sold its entire to , a , in 2014 . The has reported that the and ( & ) will say that in the could have resulted in \" hundred of of \" not being realised . , an Irish , was established in 2009 to take of of of bad which were damaging the Irish . around the has centred on the of the and former . While working as an to he began talking to a , , which was interested in buying the . He then left his and went on to assist the with its . He was due to be paid \u00a3 5m if the succeeded - but it collapsed when learned of 's . Subsequently only two other made to buy the . The highest of \u00a3 1.24bn - a above the minimum - was made by . The other from was for \u00a3 1.1bn , which was below the . Earlier this , the broadcast a covert in which claimed he was also due to be paid a in to the . The reports that the & will say that \" while it impossible to be definitive \" , in the meant did not receive of of that it might otherwise have . A said : \" We 're not making any and will respond when the is published . \" In a , the of in , said : \"' The will brief his at an upcoming . \" The will be published thereafter . No further will be made until after . \" has always denied any in to his . has said that the for the was \" conducted with full \" on its . Earlier this , 's reported that was recorded accepting a \u00a3 40,000 from a . , who was advising at the , has denied any . Following the , rejected a by 's for a cross-border saying it was \" not appropriate \" . said he supported such an following new in the about 's in 's biggest ever .", "The unknown seized of the at about 19:45 . Its first announced : \" The has been taken over by the of . \" went on to publish a of which were removed about 10 later . The apologised for any caused . It tweeted : \" Our was hacked for a short earlier this . \" Sorry for any caused by the which have now been removed . \" During the , around nine were sent including one which promised : \" We 're also going to introduce decent . About eh ?\" . The also announced an to 's . , of at , said was taken to secure the as quickly as possible . She added : \" We are sorry for any caused by the that were tweeted . \" We take the of our very seriously and are looking into how this happened . \"", "He 's been refused somewhere to stay because he comes from , . arrived in from a ago and was turned down by two - one by . Both were happy for him to stay until he handed over his and they realised he was from a at the of the current . He told that he was \" devastated to be turned down \" . The said : \" Under normal . Your would be a great to be one of our . \" However , given that the is about to probably experience an , we have decided not to accept that has been anywhere near the within the last two , or is likely to visit those in the near . \" , 35 , told that it is wrong to assume all from carry the . He says : \" It 's very unreasonable . And if you think coming from is affected , then that 's just completely unfair . \" The good for is that after a few of looking , he 's found to stay so he can continue his . More than 4,400 have died in the , mainly in . has now begun screening at . arriving from the worst-affected will be questioned and may have their taken . is an on like and how they spread . How worried should we be here in the ? I think we should be worried about in because sadly the have gone up and up but the in the is very different from the in . Was the right to be so cautious ? I understand why are concerned about but what need to do is look at the and then make sensible . You 're not going to get from renting your to from . How do get ? is passed on if is in with the bodily of who is actually sick with the . So clearly letting out your wont put at . Is the going to become airborne ? There is no that the is airborne and we have never seen the change and become airborne - so there is no to say that this will happen here . Follow @ on and on", "According to the , \" the extended Ten will give even more and \" . With additional from the and , the will be long from through to , starting from 11 . The follows a five-month in the to the . \" Along with its at 6 , The 's 10 is already the most popular in the and , in the , it will offer even more ,\" said , of daily . \" will continue to see the fullest of - and now we 'll have still more to explain the that impact the and help to make of the changing around us . \" It 's always been a odd that the 's highest ( if not highest rated - the for the Six is bigger ) has also been the shortest . Of course , the official has n't always been stuck to . who tune in just for the at the of the will already know this - the is sometimes two , three or even five longer than it says on the . It is , though , an interesting symbolic . 's at Ten has questioned the scheduling its main at 10pm , and so too has the . This certainly makes clear the is n't planning on vacating the , but is digging in even deeper . Yet it does present a for those who like to tuck in to after the Ten . 's is usually around 22:32 . In , if you stay with the at Ten until the of the , you will have missed the first 13 of the . And finally , for of the red and the , this is a to . on can be shunted , but , it appears , is sticking to his 22:35 .", "is not supported on this The beat 3-1 on and have won both of their under since 's . \" Suddenly he wants to be a . It does n't sit that comfortably with me ,\" said on of the . \" If you 're assistant to and he 's walked , why is it you suddenly want to be the ? \" , 53 , has never managed full-time and was brought to by 's . He says he expects to speak with the about his next . \" You have personal , but I think it 's almost out of that he wants to jump in for that ,\" said . \" Surely they 'll go for a who is bigger with more . \" Former added : \" While is winning , leave him in . Why change ? Let him carry on . \" Speaking after his moved five clear of the , said : \" My was to win these two and that 's what we 've done ,\" he said . \" The will make a for the of the and until I talk to them I do n't know what that will be . But as I have said previously , I 'm comfortable with that . \" I ca n't control it and there 's no worrying about it . \" had not scored a in 2017 until took , but have now scored six in two - twice as many as they did in their last 10 under . has never managed a before but has a long with the . The was assistant to for two from 2008 , following to in 2010 before they both returned to a later . Following 's in 2015 , remained at the as 's . are believed to have spoken to a of potential to replace , but could also consider giving the until the of the . The have held informal with former . The has been out of since leaving the international after the lost to at 2016 . , who saved from in 2014-15 , has also been linked with a .", "died in 2011 , aged 52 , just after being sectioned under the . admitted it could have made better about her . However , 's , , said the 's \" deserved to be binned \" . In , the revealed that the , which provides to about 45,000 in , , , and , had failed to investigate of unexpected since 2011 . , from , , had paranoid and was discharged from two after being sectioned . She was sent home where she was the main for her 89-year-old , who had . Four later she took her own . Her said the should not have allowed her to go home while she was still ill . In its 2012 , the said the medical based at who cared for should \" be commended for their ongoing to work with and her whole in as an inclusive a as possible , despite significant \" . said : \" There is n't an here , of the . I could have carried out a better myself to be quite frank . \" She added : \" It deserves to be binned - would have known from this at all , there is to take away from this other than a of and . \" In a , , medical at the , said the found its \" about granting , and how we communicated this with and her , could have been better \" . \" Robust to learn from this were fully implemented at the ,\" she added . She said the had provided to help with her as a . \" The we investigate and learn when go wrong , has changed substantially ,\" she added .", "The will resume in-house domestic at a Japanese south-west of by 2018 . The comes amid renewed for old-fashioned black , which now occupy a key . At one , the had been expected to disappear after the of , digital and . During 's long from the late onwards , many closed down , with confined to a few specialist independent . But this , global is expected to hit $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 770m ) , with many swearing by its supposedly superior . : , said the had killed it and that digital had left it dead and buried : but is back . , which played a major in killing off by developing , has seen them replaced in by other such as and , but is increasingly popular once again . The has been saved by a in , as it attracts not only nostalgic older , but also younger who have rediscovered , especially in and at . is even struggling to find older who know how to make . of the for the of may be that you can actually sell them in . In the , brought in more last than streaming - although the of is many that of . have been growing in again in recent , boosted by such as in every , for which produce special limited-edition and . 's comes a few after it equipped its with a cutting , used to produce the needed for manufacturing . It has not yet said which it will be pressing in , but big in the these are a of classic and modern by new .", "mated with a male at the at , near , earlier this . To protect her from being disturbed if she is pregnant , the of ( ) said she had been taken \" off \" . If she does raise a or , they would be born in or . said it was not possible to say at this if was pregnant . Polar were last born in the almost 25 ago . was brought to from in last and is kept in an about a away from the 's two , and . She previously raised in 2008 . was moved to 's for a short earlier this .", "Seven have issued joint on , which the gets from natural . The keeps strong , and protects against like . The was drawn up because it is thought about have made too cautious about being in the . and the are among the which agree that \" little and frequent \" in several a can benefit your . The now say it is fine to go outside in strong in the of the , as long as you cover up or apply before your goes red . , from the of , said : \" Total with high on all the is not ideal , in of . \" Even has changed its on this . They 're now producing showing of where may not be required during some of the . \" Some of the about have been too negative . is n't desperately strong . We do n't have many in the when it is very intense . \" What 's changed is that we 're now saying that of 10 to 15 to the , without , several a is probably a safe between adequate and any of . \" Official already recommends for pregnant and aged under five . But the who wrote the joint say often are not made aware of this . They suggest consult their . of can be helped by a in the tropical - or by eating oily , and fortified . 's chief , , said : \" A good and sensible will be adequate for the great of the to minimise their . \" The of and is complex . \" There 's some , which is strongest in , that low of in the correlate with the of developing . \" But that does n't mean those low cause . \" We think overall that low of are unlikely to be major to the of developing in the . \" The joint also highlighted about that warrant further . These include finding out the optimal of , and more about the of dietary and .", ", over the in , was damaged in the . has been undertaken but the cracked between and remains at of , said . , which will cost \u00a3 4.5m , is to start in to put in a to work on the . of the dropped about 8in ( ) after the undermined its . It has been shut since 27 and the permanent are expected to be completed by the of 2017 . More than 100 were damaged by in and a partially collapsed in in . said : \" I think now realises the of repairing is considerable and requires detailed and complex , so is not that can be done quickly . \" The also decided not to put a temporary in due to and environmental . A free has been operating between and since .", "said about 10,000 were expected , in the 's biggest of with . At least five have been killed and foreign-owned looted in since last . The influential has been accused of fuelling the - he denies . For the latest , and see the . accuse of taking their in a where the official is 24 . of of , mostly from other African and , have moved to since white-minority ended in 1994 . At least 62 died in xenophobic that swept in 2008 . Are you in ? What is your to the against ? Email haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk with your . If you would be happy to speak further to a , please include a . Email your to @ bbc.co.uk , upload them here , tweet them to @ _ or 61124 . If you are outside the , send them to the international + 44 7624 800 100 . Or WhatsApp us on + 44 7525 900971 Read our and .", "were present when the fell from a in the of on . A told the he survived the first before running to another and falling again . are not treating the of the , in his , as suspicious . were called to at about 19:30 .", "The said it would seek written and publish an interim before the later this . Eurosceptic fear the are being amended to allow the to campaign openly to stay in the . But say it is needed to allow them to continue their . The , headed by , said the would form the first of a wide-ranging into the , the proposed that will authorise a on the 's of the by the of 2017 . said he and his wanted to know why the was planning to partially \" disapply \" the existing on in the four leading up to the . The will focus on the existing , as set out in the 2000 and , the 's for amending them , how plan to go about it and the it will have on the of the civil . In a on the last , 27 Conservative rebelled against their , urging to reinstate the full although the won the after abstained . The has said the existing would potentially prevent from attending and making with a European . They have insisted they will address about this and other - such as the available to different and the of the itself - as the makes its through the . The will publish its on 22 .", "But believes this fortified once stood on on a manmade in an 4,900 ago . The \" 's \" survived and said they were built on , , 2,917 . A of was discovered when the was constructed in 2003 . It is the second discovered in . But the first , at , in the , is of younger than the recent . \" This is very important , it was a huge that was here until the ,\" said , 70 . \" This will tell us what was happening here in the - we know so little about that . \"", "was called to the near at about 11:30 on . The said a had been taken to . The was closed in both between and for about four but said was now moving freely .", "The used the of to get on for from and to and . included , and , as well as , in the . The said some of the were concerning . In particular , the highlighted the being paid to senior . The overwhelming of on six-figure were clinical , including , and . But nearly 2,400 of the were employed by in the in non-clinical - of these 472 earned more than \u00a3 150,000 . The said its of annual of showed that the for had risen by 22 in two . Another 534 of were also on six-figure . chief said : \" begrudges paying and well for the tough they do , but it 's galling to see at failing continuing to rake in the . \" It 's an to , but it 's even worse for who have suffered because of and worse . \" The rewards-for-failure is rife in the and it must be stamped out as a of . \" However , separate from the and have shown that overall the of in the in , including senior and lower , has been falling . There are now just over 37,600 employed - down by nearly a in five . in also pointed out that they had written to to discourage \" retire and rehire \" where get lucrative and then start working again in closely linked , while any above the of the prime 's now needed to be scrutinised by the of . said : \" We are absolutely clear that for for the is vital , every that is wasted or spent unnecessarily is a that cannot be spent on looking after . \" , chief of the , defended the , saying being a chief in the \" was one of the toughest in the \" . And he added : \" In the toughest for the in a , we need good who can transform . They need the and the to take with them , and have the and to build around a common shared for their local . \"", "28 2016 Last updated at 08:03 On 1 1916 , British started fighting in the of the . The in said that the had to happen to win the . But by the it was over , more than a million on both had died or were injured . Even now ca n't agree on whether it was the right or a huge . has been to the in northern to find out what happened .", "was working at at , , when he assaulted the under the of giving her a . , 29 , was cleared of sexually assaulting two other at a and a by a in at . He was a at the \u00c2 \u00a3 31,000 a but now lives in . The heard of the are to be supplied to the French to ensure , previously of , , is not able to work with again . In 2014 , he offered to give his a after she suffered but went on to lift her and try to pull down her . , said there was a \" higher because of the of \" . He said : \" This was not just flirting and an of but a more determined to pursue your and overcome her . \" The said , who now teaches in , had experienced \" substantial in of , and in \" and suspended his for two . He ordered to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,500 and sign on the . , for the , said there was an \" of \" with the which \" got out of \" .", "The is in a stable in the after being seriously injured in a in on . A 15-year-old from was held on of attempted and causing with . An 18-year-old from was arrested on of . Both have been bailed until 18 . A 16-year-old from , also arrested on of attempted , remains in . said were called to at 17:17 where a of were gathered in the of the .", "'s was found in his in , , on . The had not been seen since closing his in , , on and had been reported missing . said his is currently being treated as suspicious and a will be carried out . was reported missing at on . More on this and from and was cordoned off between and the and the has been taken away for . said are working \" around the \" to try to piece together 's last . \" is likely to remain closed until later while my continues to carry out an important forensic at the ,\" he said . \" I am particularly keen to speak to any who may have seen between closing his in on and the he was discovered at on . \"", "The follows a during which went to for and touring received for . \" To have a chart-topping at this of our is especially gratifying ,\" the said . As with 2004 's , the is a of . The 's first , , addresses the of , telling the of one such through the of a . The was written after joined a in , , protesting against a grand 's not to indict a white for the of unarmed black in . \" It was happening all over the ,\" he told . \" It was a to see rebel against the old . \" I was feeling that do n't want to feel obsolete in the that we care about . \" outsold its nearest , 's In The , by a of two to one , said the . Other new in this 's came from , who landed at three with The , and the , whose pop-centric Stay Together debuted at four . scored a new at six with , while entered at 10 with , a that marks a to the jazz-inflected of her , Come Away With Me . In the , holds on to the one for the third in a , with his downbeat Say You Wo n't Let Go . The strengthened his over the to a on last 's , which resulted in 50,000 and 5.16 million - the highest his has achieved so far . was the highest new 24K , a charismatic of his ; while Swedish edged closer to the top 10 with her single n't My rising three to 13 . had the highest-climbing of the , as - her with - leapt from 28 to 17 . Follow us on @ , on at bbcnewsents , or if you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", "The had been in at since 2016 , when he replaced . He kept in the last and leaves them in sixth . , 41 , had been announced in as at until the of the after was fired . \" is who I have followed through his and managerial ,\" said . \" I firmly believe that is the right and he has an and passionate to take this forward . I was overwhelmed with his of the and the he has in the and how he believes in what we can achieve together . \" Former , and takes of a sat in the in the third and will be on the for the against on . will become interim of , with as his . is likely to be offered the until the of the . , a former at , and , won 10 of his 44 in at . \" I have had a wonderful as ,\" he told the . \" The and have treated myself and my fantastically - we are in a good with a strong and loyal and . \" The have given me their full in rebuilding the and the will always have a special in my , but I still have huge to one manage at the highest in , which is obviously the . \" I feel that the fresh of managing a in 's could provide me with the to build towards this . \"", "This brings the of military to more than 3,000 following the failed , in which rebel used and to try to oust . On announced to put all armed under direct , amid a . He accuses US-based of being behind the . At least 246 died as rebel tried to seize on 15 . denies any . The latest to be dismissed include 's chief military , a top to the of the general and the 's . On the announced to close all military and bring , and under the of the . The need to be approved by . The has triggered a massive , with 66,000 public dismissed and 50,000 cancelled . The has also shut 142 and detained . A three-month of has also been declared . has ignored international about the , telling his foreign : \" Mind your own . \"", "The said were reviewing and the of . are also working closely with to review and offer . say at least 30 died as a of the west . Live : Latest on the , , said : \" Following the horrific at , with in their local have been working with their local , and undertaking urgent of their high-rise . \" and the of are being reviewed and double are being made to ensure remedial recommended under previous have been carried out . \" Extra were immediately organised across local , including , , and . In , which has 116 , the is carrying out a of in all as a of , but reassuring adequate are already in . In the , in and , which have 38 high-rise , say they have double-checked and no have cladding like the used in . : offered to : storm promises ' proper ' into In , the said that of the 36 across the , a have external . The said it was \" confident \" the is of a correct , but will undergo urgent with . in have visited high-rise to reassure . Senior in will hold a with social on , while the is reviewing its for high-rise and prioritising of high-rise across . 's in , which was recently refurbished , was inspected earlier by the . said used is a different to that used on . Meanwhile , in , and have also confirmed they will be visiting high-rise . And in , which has one , a with and and is planned for next . added : \" take the of extremely seriously . We need to know with how this started and why it spread so quickly so that can start to take any needed . \"", "The overturned on the between and , said . There were 44 Egyptian on the when it crashed , the said . The comes just after 16 Palestinian from the were killed when their crashed in on its to . The were both travelling to to perform the lesser Islamic , or .", "is unsupported on your 24 2015 Last updated at 20:27 The , who was fearful of returning to his after the in , has begun to an online that attracted of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 330,000 . But , whose was broken when he was knocked to the , told 's he was not yet ready to meet his , , 25 .", "is not supported on this The , 32 , looked set to take after warming up on the but he then withdrew on the first . The fell on the and hurt his lower on . \" I 'm playing the best of my and to have a freak happen , it sucks really bad ,\" said . \" I have been worked on all and obviously I can take some , but I ca n't swing full , I ca n't make my normal and I did n't think there was any I could compete . \" The 15-time added : \" I was wearing and slipped and went down the three . The left of my lower took the of it and my left is bruised as well . \" 's was placing the on his for him on the , while said hindered 's overnight . Shortly before his , he progressed from hitting on the to fuller and his looked likely as he made his to the first for a scheduled 19:03 alongside playing and . was a popular to win the first of the as a of the fine he has shown in 2017 . He has won the past three in which he has competed - 's , and both the and in . As well as winning last 's by four , he finished ninth at the and tied fourth at the . 5 live took until the very last to make what must have been an agonising to pull out . He was standing on the first before making the toughest of his . It is a severe for the who has dominated this . He arrived here off the of three big and was a justifiable . All that has been lost through his freak at his rental and the done to his .", "responded to The that the may spend overseas if for is cut . said he wanted the to commit itself to the . said it invests in and \" where the is supportive \" . The fears that offered by the for , and , to like , could be turned into as a of . , a senior regional in the , said : \" If you move [ and ] , the goes with it . \" You could be arguing that the whole of is being put at . \" I get called a for this but when I 've sat and looked in the of these [ senior ] , I do n't see that . \" , from 's , said turning into could have a serious on . He said : \" It would put at the qualified and not just at in , but also the , and wider into the of what supports that . \" , which employs about 13,000 in , said in a : \" has always maintained that we invest in and where the is supportive . \" The of and is dependent on where the early of happens , and the has a compelling and competitive for to invest . \" A said : \" We want the to be the best in to innovate and grow a . \" We are simplifying for , boosting and investing in on a . \"", "are investigating the of an Italian who was shot on , with the saying it is responsible . The two-Test was due to begin in on , 9 . \" One gets killed , an , and the is off . We 've had 50,000 killed in ,\" said . was referring to estimating the of \" in terrorist \" in since 2003 . In , hosted their first full international since attacked a carrying the on its to play in in 2009 . \" A certain of is likely through , but they have to trust the , the , the and . We give them 100 ,\" added . \" Some of the , like and , are perhaps oversensitive . \" had initially delayed the 's scheduled on 28 while it worked on a \" revised \" . But it now says that official means it had \" no but to postpone the \" . The ( ) said it was \" disappointed \" by the but is \" committed to rescheduling the at a later \" . On , the had promised \" \" for the Australian , saying they would be given the same of afforded to visiting of . are due to tour to play two and three in and 2016 .", "is a that can cause a fatal in with weakened immune - particularly those with advanced . are known to carry the , with puzzled why the themselves do not appear to become ill . has found a called a can block its . The , found in 's , mostly infects the or the central nervous . at the of and the of found it can grow slowly within the 's digestive , but if it tries to invade the 's the immune immediately destroys it . , who led the , said : \" have a higher than , but this alone is not enough to fully stop the . \" By studying under the , we have seen that have the to completely block the of the , which can be fatal in . He added : \" If we can learn how some are able to resist we might be able to gain into how we can improve the human immune to this . \" The said the was of a larger international to help fight . The are reported in the .", "The from to in , was diverted to less than an after on . The 737-800 took off at 18:42 before being struck . A for the said it was an \" extremely rare \" and the was \" precautionary \" . The later landed safely in . , 27 , from in , was travelling to for a with his when he heard a \" sudden \" on the . He said the \" lit up like had taken a \" . \" It was about 10-15 after and there was a large ... turned round to each other and knew it was . \" About half an later , the announced we 'd been hit by and we 'd be landing at ,\" he said . After around three on the , the same took off , he added . has apologised for any caused by the adverse .", ", 31 , was charged with preventing the lawful and decent of a after discovered the of a at her last . , previously of , , appeared at on . She spoke only to confirm her , , and of . The heard a took at on 2 but the of could not yet be determined . was also charged with perverting the of . She was not asked to submit a and will appear at on 8 . The follows a of an into a who went missing in 2004 , which was sparked by the of another at an in in 2015 . The led to the of a 50-year-old in , in north . A 52-year-old was also arrested on of preventing a lawful and decent . Both were bailed until .", "The next to the was shut in to \" restore the \" of the as of a \u00c2 \u00a3 27m . of including and say their have become \" rat \" for avoiding on the . will collect for a this . , from the ( ) , said : \" The should not have been closed before the was dualled . \" The at was bad before , but it 's a now . \" is stupidly backing up to on a . \" are sending right through our . There 's going to be an . \" The is asking for \" urgent \" to be taken to tackle high of non-local using the through , a 20mph to be introduced and better to be installed .", "The are willing to allow the to leave on a free , but they are also willing to consider a . The , who is out of at the of the , joined from in 2012 . He has since played in 159 for the , but has been limited to just one this . \" We have had a very good ,\" told . \" I 've told him very clearly that I do n't mind if he wants to stay . \" He has in of him in his , but I 've told him that If you want to stay and fight and you deserve to play , then you will play . \" is a whose is imprinted in , having scored the late at that kept in the on the final of the , in 2014 .", "are in a commanding after two of the second at 's as they look to square the after 's in . , 33 , was named of the following 's in 2013-14 when he took 37 . \" I hope so . That 'd be nice , to have those come back out ,\" he said . Left-arm had a chastening at the first in as he finished with of 2-180 . But he looked back to like his best at 's with 2-16 from a six-over as recovered from 30-4 to reach 85-4 after had declared on 566-8 . \" 's changed for me . It 's always nice to go out there and perform and to bowl at good ,\" added . \" The 's been swinging over here too and I 've really enjoyed that . When the swings at good it makes it a little more difficult . \" He also appeared to make of 's of playing a more attacking of under new . \" We were hoping they would come out and play the aggressive they 've been talking about ,\" he said . \" We hope they come out in the and do the same . \" And he added : \" I guess is a very aggressive anyway so we 'd like to see him play some and hopefully get a of quick in the . \" I ca n't decide for them , if they want to play aggressive or if they want to go the other . \" , who took four for 83 in 's first , accepted his had succumbed to the of the huge . \" It 's always a tricky when you 've conceded a of to then go out and bat for 30 ,\" he said . \" It 's always a big for you and I think mentally we did n't switch on for 20 - and lost four . \" We 'll have a few in that changing wishing they could face their again and play them pretty differently , I think . \"", "have confirmed was thrown over and at some between 2300 on and 1000 on . condemned those behind the which he said was \" pointless \" . \" They can only harm and destroy , they can only cause and and useless to and ,\" he said .", "The third was announced on and five are critically ill in , following the in in . shows the modified with outsized driving over a of as of the , but then veering off . A , a and a died . Besides the five critically injured there are another 18 with lesser , the 's said . helped ferry the injured to in three nearby . \" A so-called drove into a of . A terrible with two dead ,\" said on their on . of the posted on social showed the revving hard and then riding over six before suddenly heading towards who were separated from the by . Screaming , some managed to get away but had no to escape . The of the has been detained and an has been opened , said , quoted by local .", "said was in on \" economic \" but warned of an electoral \" \" over and . is against 's nuclear and has called on the to accept more . Meanwhile , a former has criticised the 's into why it lost the . told the 's her had not been included in the , led by , and branded it a \" and a massive missed \" . said the had \" consulted far and wide \" , taking from , and . , a former , campaigns on alongside Conservative . In a , they call for an to the 's \" open-door \" , warning of a to social unless is reduced . He told : \" On the big , sadly , which will decide the next , which is about defending our and defending us as a , the looks as if it is walking in the opposite . \" Clearly that is going to have to be sorted out before the next if we are not to get a yet again . \" Speaking on the 's , , who was sacked as shadow in 's , said the \" faces a big \" in the . said had to be given a because of his \" huge from \" , but said he had to show he could convert this into from the , including Conservative . Speaking to on 5 , former said 's would be \" essential \" but said was \" elected by our and he deserves a to show he can do it \" . He also said it was \" unfair \" to call the into 's a .", "and , which employs about 700 , may also lose 50-60 on-call as of the . The of full-time crewed was reduced to four in a previous of - two in , along with and . A public on 's will now take . Seven of the 's 47 could be scrapped and may close as of the \u00a3 1.3m . A in , where a major broke out in , could be replaced with a smaller \" rapid \" . , of , said he was confident an \" outstanding \" could be maintained . \" Without , this is a challenging of ,\" he said . \" However , they have been shaped by the we received during the recent held in the . \" I now encourage to respond to this full so we have a wide of to inform our final . \" There has been a in the of over the last 10 in , in with other , from about 10,000 in 2004 to about 6,700 last . A for the said they were \" deeply concerned about the devastating \" which , they said , were \" but dangerous \" . said : \" The \u00a3 1.3m could be avoided totally if was increased by less than \u00a3 1.80 per in per . \" We strongly urge all to reply to the to tell the that we are not prepared to endure these . \"", "Speaking to , said the to enable by could thwart . could depend on continuing to get to the on used by and , he said . The was talking to both and about its , said . The with needed to be had before the when lost to those , he said . \" I 'd hate to have look at me and say , ' Well how come you ca n't save this ? ' ' How come you ca n't do this ?'\" said in a . His came in to a by to enable a on its 8 for which it has no . This means it would not be able to comply with any official to help get at the on those . has said it too is planning to enable a similar by on the next of . said he was \" very concerned \" about these because of what they would allow to do . \" What concerns me about this is marketing expressly to allow to place themselves beyond the ,\" he said . \" I am a huge in the of , but I am also a that in this is beyond the ,\" he added . and have yet to respond to 's . Ten prior to 's , pointed out that 's would not stop getting at on portable . Specifically weakening just to aid the was a bad , he said . \" For the of and overall , the only logical is to make as secure as possible , and let good do the solving , rather than an easy ,\" he wrote in a .", "Cheap of the unmanned used by the could fall into the wrong , he told the 's . Quarrelling , he suggested , might end up buzzing each other with private . He also warned of the of using the new . is believed to have close with , whom he advises on of and . \" You 're having a with your ,\" he told The in an printed on . \" How would you feel if your went over and bought a commercial that they can launch from their . It just flies over your all . How would you feel about it ? \" Warning of mini-drones' as a terrorist , he said : \" I 'm not going to pass on whether should exist , but I would prefer to not spread and democratise the to fight to every single human . \" \" It 's got to be regulated ... It 's one for , who have some in what they 're doing , but have other doing it ... it 's not going to happen . \" Small , such as flying , are already available worldwide , and non-military were recently introduced to track in the remote Indian of . The and have led the in recent in using as of as well as for . 's is currently exploring how commercial , or unmanned , can be safely introduced into .", ", 85 , suffered a as and put her to at The in . She died 23 later . The delayed calling 999 and pretended knocked her on the . They must do 160 unpaid and pay \u00c2 \u00a3 500 each . The were not prosecuted for being responsible for the , but for being \" grossly negligent in their \" . died in after developing . In , said it was impossible to say whether reporting the any earlier would have made any to 's eventual . Her , , said : \" I 'm appalled that that 's what they got for what happened to my . \" I 'm appalled that my 's is only worth 12 of a . \" Speaking after the said the had delayed calling an while they came up with a . \" While [ and ] plotted , laid in with a serious , her bleeding onto the ,\" she said . \" Most of us have who are frail , disabled or vulnerable\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 we expect them to be cared for professionally and compassionately . \" , 40 , of , , and , 31 , of , , had pleaded guilty at an earlier at to and .", "The features with a of , but some of the given are incorrect . One claims the is 225 away from the - instead of about 238,900 . said they \" unreservedly apologise \" and added would be issued . It is understood at least six of the 50 in one of the - which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 19.99 - are incorrect . One placed in instead of and a suggested two cubed was bigger than three squared . It also said died in 1949 instead of 1955 and gave the of to as 8,000 , when the actual is more than 9,000 . One who bought the told The : \" I could n't believe it , the are so ridiculous ... [ but ] the wo n't accept the could possibly be wrong . \" A for told the : \" We have been made aware of some with the to the within the first of this . \" \" These have now been corrected and we would like to unreservedly apologise for these . \" Any affected can email us stating their and full and we will send out a of corrected free of . \" The 's is available on their official . & - whose full are and - have hosted on since 2002 , although the took a four-year from 2009 . Follow us on , on @ , or on at bbcnewsents . If you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", "Some 1,500 have been deployed to the , have said . are in high following 's in . Last , a between and the in was called off two before its due to a , four after the . One of the in was the de , where were playing in a friendly . Some 72,000 are expected to attend 's in between two of the for 's 2016 . In the ahead of the , gathered around the amid a heavy . They face and before entering the . \" This is of a very large drawing of . Like all large , there is a certain involved , so we are well prepared ,\" told . \" We searched the with trained to sniff out before we let the in . So we can be relatively certain that there are no dangerous in the . \"", "The filed an with the on in a to boost in one of the 's fastest growing . 's jumped nearly 30 last , according to the . It has been rapidly expanding in the , nearly doubling the of since 2012 . indicate has 239 in , and , but the says it is planning to build another 219 in . of the comes as in the 's second largest jumped 36 last to $ 4.9bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.2bn ) , which is nearly three more than it was 2010 . The is already listed in and its rose as much as 9 after the .", "seized the - a basic of which can cost up to \u00a3 100,000 new - on 's in on of it having no . The said the was impounded and the would be summoned to . If found guilty the , who has not been named , faces a minimum \u00a3 300 and six on their A said the was pulled over because thought the seemed very expensive for a to be driving . In , a \" \" including a , a and a were all spotted in with on their .", "\" It 's surreal , , it really is ,\" said , the first to achieve the and who also tied a with 10 batted in . \" I 'm truly blessed . Being from here , born here . It 's an for sure . \" No has ever hit more than four in a - was the first , for on 30 , 1894 . was the most recent to tie the , for against on 8 , 2012 .", "was suspended in 2014 by the 's and ( ) in with an into the of in . said had concluded there was no criminal for the chief to answer . However , will not return to his immediately . In a , said : \" There remains however a legal for me to consider in to the of professional and an independent will be carried out by . \" While this takes has agreed to work on a for the ( ) and to delegate day-to-day operational of to his who has , in his , acted as the temporary chief . \" The of ( ) had arrested a of seven on of including , in public and procuring in public . , originally from , joined the , the of the , in 1983 . He was appointed of in 2013 .", "He is the first American of to visit the . In a with 's under tight at the , he said : \" Next I come , we have to be able to just walk \" . The backs the Somali in its against Islamist militant , which still controls many rural of southern . African as it happens : 5 2015 The with and civil was held at , as is n't leaving its heavily fortified . said : \" I visited because your is turning around \" . The more recent he pointed out were Somali pushing out of big and a \" determined international \" to put virtually all of 's out of . says the plays a crucial if controversial in , supporting the weak central in its against . have been killed in . Our points out that is careful to take a less visible than it did in the , when the of were dragged through the of .", ", 18 , was last seen near at 19:45 on . , from , had been \" at the for the with a \" , said and . The has carried out a major and with from and and . was last seen wearing a black with a red underneath , blue , and carrying a . A said : \" If was in the on and saw a young acting strangely then please get in . \"", ", 35 , denies but admits attacking , 79 , in , near , last , claiming diminished . heard that rather than having 's he had an underlying paranoid schizophrenic that was undiagnosed for . Forensic made the after the . , a retired , was stabbed after crashing at about into the of 's on the in on 16 . He was forced to brake suddenly after made an . The , who had recently been given the from , died at the . The has heard how , formerly of , , had been suffering from mental for 10 , and his had \" pleaded \" with to section him . On , told : \" It 's clear that the of 's was wrong . \" He has an underlying paranoid schizophrenic that was undiagnosed for many , many . \" He said was not psychotic every of every , and he would often \" downplay \" his . However , agreed that he exhibited \" narcissistic \" , \" histrionic \" and \" self-centred \" , adding that it was unlikely he would ever have complete of his . Another , forensic , said he was satisfied on all the he had seen that was not psychotic at the of the . also head from 's , who said his had never been a violent . described him as a \" nice \" who was affectionate to his and . He said was \" scrupulously honest in all his with , honest to a in that he finds it difficult to lie about \" . He told the that he first became worried about his 's mental when he reported hearing . said he started a , partly to keep of his 's . \" The second for having the was , as went on , it was clear that 's were draining away and I did n't want to be in my and look back saying , ' What did I do '?\" The continues .", "The took had been in of since replacing in and lifted the as high as the in . But they have since fallen to 14th in the and have lost four of their last five . will take for the final two of the . was asked by if he felt increased following 's and said : \" I come to work every and feel , I put on myself . \" I do n't like losing , but I know the here . The is to build long-term . \" Right now the is to get our young on the , to give them a to succeed and to grow , and that 's what we 've done ( against ) . \" There 'll be learned by all of the , and if we 're going to be a successful next , then we need the young to step up to the and the now will be useful for them . \" The former and began his at the with 10 from his first 14 in all . However , after losing to in a fourth-round on and the of , still the 's top this with 15 , lost six of their next seven . After a brief of three straight , the 's dipped again , leading to say \" I employ over 300 at , not one of those right now has a in the \" . Earlier this , also bemoaned his 's poor - the worst in the with 104 and seven - saying it was costing them . A brief on the read : \" The would like to thank for his on of the . \" will take to speak to prospective for the vacant . \"", "The new will see up to 21 US-style local in including , , and . The will be available to all terrestrial and may also be offered on , and online . said it will decide on successful this , with the new expected to launch next . will be awarded based on a of including the of local and current , , and commercial . The 21 have selected for local are : , , & , , , , , , , and . , , , , , , , , and will also benefit from the . The were selected for having sufficient of from potential and being technically capable of receiving a local . The also published the final of its for the . As of the current , the agreed to contribute up to \u00c2 \u00a3 25 million for the successful to build the . \" I hope to see some really exciting for new local ,\" said . \" Local will not only create but it will also provide with and that is relevant to their daily . \"", "The was flying during a on and radioed for while returning to in . The was promptly joined by another from the same as a to provide . They then flew in and landed safely . The has offered no further on the of the . A said : \" Flying in , and conducting an to as a , is a daily practised by fast . \"", ", a on and aimed at 11 and 12 , is printed by one of 's leading . have urged the to exercise greater . But the say should monitor as they are responsible for the of . \" This is poisonous for ,\" of the of at in told the . \" The has the to take , but they are washing their of it ,\" she said . It is not known which Indian have bought the for their , but say what is worrying is that such a is available to . \" The strongest that is not essential is the that the of this did not include in the original for and . He gave them , and ,\" reads a entitled Do We Need ? The details the \" \" of a vegetarian and goes on to list \" some of the \" found among . \" They easily cheat , tell , forget , they are dishonest and tell bad , steal , fight and turn to and commit ,\" it says . The , full of factual , refers to ( ) as \" lazy , sluggish and short-lived \" , because they live on \" a largely of \" . It adds : \" The who helped in constructing the lived on and and were superior to the beef-fed engaged in the same . \" The , , did not respond to the 's for a .", "The was hit at the on , , on and trapped by the until it stopped on . , 30 , of , is due before on . He was remanded in . The , , died at the from his . His , , said in a : \" We would like to thank the and the for all their on . \" We would ask the for at this to allow us to grieve in . \"", "23 2017 Last updated at 14:55", "was widely seen as the of 's 2010 and 2014 . He has denied receiving in a to divert from the state-run . About 50 Brazilian , including the of the lower of , are under in the . is accused of receiving from several large . say the against him is a further for who is facing . He was arrested in after he returned from the , where he was working on the of . Because of his to her , the is expected to damaged her further , even though against her are not related to the . A former , is well known for producing dramatic , big-budget appealing to poorer . had called the \" unfounded \" . And he had harsh for the , saying that was currently living in a \" of \" . If the investigating accepts the against him , will be jailed . In , a special has begun ahead of a on whether the whole should take on against . A plenary is widely expected to take around 11 . Across the , pro-government blocked major in in nine Brazilian during 's to call for the of against . In , the saw of of which formed behind of burning .", "The , from , is of an to track down involved in illegal , and . The in is said to be worth around $ 213bn per , according to the . This is the first that have been targeted . from 21 gathered at 's in in to share on involved in a of involving the . Called , the is now asking for from the in tracking down nine key . \" Even the smallest , which you might think is insignificant , has the to break a wide open when combined with other the already have ,\" said , from . \" Sometimes all it takes is a fresh of to bring new to an and provide the missing which will help locate these wanted , some of whom have been evading for ,\" he added . One of those named is , alleged to be the of an in . He is being sought in with the of 314 ivory , weighing well over two in in . on the include who was charged with an to smuggle over 100 live , including and , to on a military . is alleged to have been involved in illegal in protected off . The has been welcomed by on the in ( ) . They are concerned not just with the of environmental on but also with the on political . \" are increasingly treating as a serious , and we will leave no unturned to locate and arrest these to ensure that they are brought to ,\" said from . \" The can play a crucial in this collective , they our and on the . Their can help ensure that the face the full of the and are punished appropriately . \" of the who have any on the possible of the can use this to contact . can also be given anonymously to any national . Follow on @ mattmcgrathbbc .", "The preliminary purchasing ( ) fell to 47 in , below of 47.5 and down from 47.3 in . A below 50 indicates in the , while one above shows . The dropped 2.2 to 3,115.89 on the disappointing . The private also marked the seventh consecutive of in the . In , the closed down 2.3 at 21,302.91 . Japanese are closed for a three-day public and will reopen on . In , in were hit by falling . continued to decline after fell 2 overnight on global , while slipped further on slowing Chinese . 's & / 200 closed down 2.1 at 4,998.10 . In , the ended 1.9 lower at 1,944.64 following the of the from .", "The 40-year-old former is currently at and he previously held a similar at . will work under of , while current 's is unclear . \" The I have for as a and was one of my main for making this ,\" said . are sixth in the and out of the in what has been a largely disappointing . \" sold his of where he wants to take over the next few ,\" added . \" is a that I know well , having come up against them on a of . The this gave me an into the of the and it 's exciting to think that I 'll be of that from next . \" , who joined in 2008 and won three during his in , said : \" With six at and three at in the 14 , I 've been afforded many different , working with some very talented and . \" I hope to apply what I 've learned to the at and my and I are looking forward to integrating into a strong in . \" He moved to in 2014 and was of a that guided to the 14 and in his . \" 's speaks for itself and I know that he 's looking forward to joining and working with the ,\" said , 52 . \" Since his from playing , has had an integral in the of two of European 's most successful . \" 's as a is obvious , however his of in other of the will be really important for us . \" \" A of the is ongoing ahead of next and the of as is the first of that . \" A further will be made in the coming , which will focus on getting the right in our . \"", "Two were picked up by a high up on the ( 974 ) . located two on the lower . were predicting of up to 80mph with frequent at in western for .", "The $ 43bn (\u00a3 33bn ) is set to be the biggest ever foreign by a Chinese . The was cleared by the on in the ( ) which checks for national . About a of 's are in . offered $ 465 per for in . 's subsequently fell to about 20 below that because of that would not clear the . However , now elsewhere are expected to give the the . In a joint , and said : \" In to , the of the is subject to anti-trust by numerous around the and other customary . \" Both are working closely with the regulatory involved and remain constructive . The proposed is expected to close by the of the . \" When the was announced earlier this , said that it would help the 's and to expand further in . \" has a very ambitious of the in the ,\" he said . \" Obviously it is very interested in securing for 1.5 billion and as a knows that only can get them there . \" The Chinese owns a of , included the Italian , German and 's biggest . The would be the second-biggest in the in the past after the $ 130bn announced last .", "The had been playing in the with following his by at the of last . has made 260 in with nine , including , and . are currently second in the , one behind . could make his when they host on .", "The , which happened at the in near at about 06:00 , left a huge in the of the . said the was taken to 's for to his , which are not thought to be serious . was inside at the of the , said . The has been deemed to be structurally safe . The next to the was closed for several but has since reopened .", "has made 14 for the since joining on in , and recently agreed to extend his until the of the . The signed for from in 2014 , but did not feature for the first . \" I 'm delighted that it 's all been done now and I can concentrate on my ,\" he told the . \" I stated from the that I 'd be really interested in staying with the , and I 'm just over the to be here now . \" The of with has not been disclosed . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "The former was released by after he failed to make an during his two . , 23 , spent three on at last , playing 14 . He is the sixth new since was appointed as . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "The week-long pre-trial at will largely focus on of . is accused of masterminding the while the are implicated for providing for the co-ordinated . In , a chaotic in the lasted 13 . During that , which formally charged the five , the made defiant and refused to answer the 's or use the . In to , , , and are being prosecuted in a special military for known as a military . They are charged with conspiring with , , and one of for each known of the 11 at the the were filed - 2,976 in . The five face a possible if convicted . revealed On , the listened calmly and answered the 's , although said : \" I do n't think there 's any in this . \" argued during the that their should not be forced to attend the of the 's , because the forcible from their high-security may remind them of their at secret . Before their to the at in 2006 , the were held for in secret . All five have said they were tortured during . was repeatedly water-boarded before being brought to . \" We have to talk about ,\" , a , said on . But said the was not relevant at this . have said the of and similar could be relevant when determining whether prisoners' were voluntarily given . The is also expected to hear a to abolish what they term a \" presumptive \" that treats any of the as top , as well as a to limit of the for secret . ultimately ruled that the would not be forced to attend scheduled to run through the of this , but did not rule out further pre-trial . He said all would have to be present for their , which is not likely to start for more than a .", "The is up for the main , of the , for her ambitious visual , , which tackles of and female . Her single is also up for and of the . In all three , she is up against - who previously won the 's top three in 2012 . now has 62 across her as a and as of 's , making her the fourth most-nominated ever . She has won 20 altogether , although she has yet to clinch the of the , having been beaten to the by in 2015 - much to the of , who stormed the in . receives eight this for his The Of - all in the . and also have eight , including three for their , . Making is Chicago-born The , whose is the first streaming-only to be recognised by the . He achieves seven , including best new , without ever releasing a physical or digital . and go to with , and in the best . If wins , she will become only the second to receive the best twice , after . Notably absent from the is , who was tipped to win for his critically-acclaimed . The does make an in the best alternative , as does 's . have also fared badly , receiving just one - best - despite selling of of their latest , A Of . receives a posthumous for his final , Two , in the best engineered , non-classical , where also makes the . British will host the 2017 , which take at the in on , 12 . Of The Of The Of The Best New Best alternative Best Best Follow us on , on @ , or on at bbcnewsents . If you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", "said a would \" inspire young , brings and \" to the . said it was a \" cynical \" to distract , the questioned where the would come from , and said it did not believe the 's . Recent have left the of the in . In , deferred a to grant to build a that would have paid for the , which claimed had put the in . Revised for the at are expected to be submitted to the in . said he planned to get the of , and to work with , and local to find a to get it built . \" The is an exciting . If it takes some extra I 'd make that available ,\" he added . However , , for and , said : \" This is a cynical empty and will come to . \" It is simply more and and wo n't be taken for by this unfunded . \" , who is standing for the in the , told : \" I 'm massively in of a in the right if we can get the . \" But it 's like the Conservative on the , they 're not saying where the 's going to come from . \" , who is standing for in and , said : \" You have to excuse me if I do n't believe a single of any during the . \" Click here for more on the and a full of .", ", 28 , is considering an that would make him the highest paid in 's . The is in the final 18 of his \u00a3 250,000-a-week and remains interested in signing him . and hope to conclude in the coming . , who joined from in 2004 , is the fourth-highest in . However , according to former , asked for a towards the of last . He was linked with a to last and the had a rejected by . scored 11 in 24 for this before being sidelined by an which has kept him out since 1 .", "The scored 15 in 54 for the 's last , but has not played a this . The say the contains an to agree a permanent . \" This is a young who I first tried to sign when he was scoring in the for ,\" told the . is not supported on this Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "The , nicknamed \" \" after one of its 's , was built in 1941 from from the of . It was stationed in , , and during the but crashed in 1944 . stalled below its \u00c2 \u00a3 120,000 to \u00c2 \u00a3 150,000 . The saw with four between 1941 and 1944 and was flown by , who gave it the and added a from the ' Just ' to the . After it crashed in in 1944 , killing its Australian , its was taken to , , and displayed . The was later passed to a who showed it at . It has also been immortalised by and . , from at , said : \" The historical of is an up-and-coming . There are now about 42 flying and this seems to be increasing ever . \" The , the and the of all these make them very investable and they 're that can be used and enjoyed by a of . \" believe it would cost about \u00c2 \u00a3 1.8m to fully restore the .", "The - which has a moving - is one of a of animated at . at the , an open , were surprised to find two had been created next to the of its . said seeing the hatched on had been a \" lovely \" for . He said it remained unclear why the had made the next to the , though it was likely they chose it because it was a secluded with , and perhaps for a of from the The have been seen playing on of the 's and .", "While it limits from outside the , it has \" stimulated \" from , the said . Net rose by 30 in the to , to 336,000 - more than three 's intended . The has said he will not abandon his to reduce the to 100,000 . Under the , introduced in 2011 , the of \" 2 \" issued to skilled from is limited to 20,700 a . But a by the concluded the had been \" counter-productive \" . It added that \" a large \" of from with in the were being rejected because of on the of issued each . said the 's was having \" no \" on bringing down net - the between those coming into the and those going out each - but \" could have caused a in the this \" . He said : \" When the was reached earlier this , we saw the perverse of the , as the prioritises higher-paid . \" In , were being prevented from working in the , which necessitated the taking to allow to continue . \" Whilst this was a very welcome , it is clear to see that the could have caused a in the this . \" A which encourages panicked to be functional is not fit for . should remain on the . \" A of 641,000 moved to the in 2014 , the for said .", "The , which also reported a in personal of 0.4 to 3,335,000 in the six to the of , said it had so far absorbed the . ( ) was 6 in 2015 , but is going up to 12 from . The said it would look at its if the increased again . \" We have managed to protect our ,\" the explained . \" But this is an industry-wide and we will need to review our in the of any future in . \" The in - an \" important \" , according to the - halted a long-standing in . It came after the signed up more , with a 19 in new year-on-year , and kept more existing , with its improving to 82 . It added that there was a 5 in the of in the 12 to the of , again reversing a of gradual , which it described as \" unhelpful for in the short \" . However , the explained that this did increase the of renewing their . The has been investing in , with more than a of its ( 22 using its in , while its newly-launched in-house recorded 115,000 in its first , more than expected .", "made the after a of from the in . In the , an of passed in 1928 allowed for to be fixed on the first after the second in . However , this has never been activated and has remained variable , determined by the 's . is the most important Christian , as it celebrates the of following his by on . The said he was in with , Coptic , and the of the . said he hoped the would happen \" in between five and 10 \" . \" I would love to see it before I retired \" , he said , although he warned the first to make such a was in the 10th . An Anglican told the there had been 15 to agree a common since then . is on the first after the first ecclesiastical full following the , meaning it can be celebrated on a between 22 and 25 . But the follows the , hence has later compared with those of . In 1990 , the approved a for a fixed , which was subject to with other Christian and . It has not yet been reached .", "The is Being said a had been hit , along with the and . IS-linked also said 's had been cut . said its had targeted an , a and a . A said the had inflicted \" significant \" and that a large of had been killed . is Being Slaughtered Silently ( ) , whose have reported on on the in since seized of the in early 2014 , said the hit in 's was located in the nearby of . found their had been cut off \" totally \" afterwards , it added . also reported the \" of the in all \" . said 20 had been killed and 50 wounded in the , but the UK-based for put the higher . It said 24 had died , along with six whose could not yet be confirmed . , estimated to have a of between 250,000 and 500,000 , has become the de facto of the \" \" whose was proclaimed by two ago after it took of large of in and . are currently under from two separate west and north-west of by Russian-backed Syrian and an of Kurdish and Arab supported by the .", "The has not appeared for this , but has played once for and four for while on . has also played for and has with and before joining in 2014 . follows , 33 , in signing for the . The , who played 101 for the during his first , has left and signed a until the of the 2016-17 .", "had been consulting on to replace paid at seven in with . who gathered outside a on said a had showed 66 of were opposed to the . The later said there would be no for three . said the was \" wonderful \" . The would have affected at , , , , , and . said replacing professional with was not sustainable and was likely to have led to . , of , said : \" It 's wonderful for our and we are going to be drinking for the next . \"", "Like-for-like were up by 4.9 during the compared with a earlier , in due to the continued of . The said it would continue to benefit from \" low and a stronger \" . But it warned that could drive up next . Chief told the that the already paid more than the national , but that rising would lead to \" longer inflationary \" . He said the would \" look for to offset \" any rising , but added that \" held no for us \" . in opened sharply higher and continued to climb in . \" The good continue to roll for , with the posting an impressive third , following on from a dynamic 51.3 in first ,\" said at . The said , where can buy a together with at a , were proving popular , particularly at . has refitted 158 this , while opening 65 and 47 . The now has 1,668 . \" We have the pretty well covered ,\" said , so most new would be in other , such as and .", "won aboard , who was a late when contracted an in . 's took and won as 's finished 12th . , 47 , was competing just 10 after being placed in an induced following a . The three-time , aboard , produced a faultless in 's final . But the former one 's had already been ruined by a disappointing in the cross-country on . He led after the , but dropped to after incurring several in the . 's finished ninth on . Why not come along , meet and ride the mechanical at some of the during the ? Find out how to get into with our special . Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "A in a local could cost from just \u00c2 \u00a3 5 , and the says it could generate an annual of between 6 and 9 . The aims to reduce local to renewable . It has been developed by the renewable alongside . The follows similar in which have been running for more than two . It applies to entering the from . More than 70 of in the nationally say they like , according to a . However , often provokes a different and the are frequently considered a on the . The previously insisted that should give local \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 a for every of installed - to support local . The goes further by insisting that any new entering the must offer to sell of their to - somewhere between 5 and 25 . This can be in the of directly-owned , or . , , welcomes the . She told : \" Elsewhere in this is commonplace , so we 're very pleased the is also working towards this of a more open . \" The has been promoted by the and , . He said : \" is revolutionising renewable in the , and shared will offer the to buy in to the green that their own are producing . \" The of the and an of , , said : \" We know from our at that there 's a substantial among local to invest in renewable . \" There are , though , still likely to be where local will prefer to keep their uninterrupted than to cash in a regular . Local facing shale in their may regard the with . Follow on @ rharrabin", "The injured needed following in , and in and . said , of in , faces eight of criminal and eight of a . A five-year-old called was shot in the and put down by . Another in survived but lost her . said had been released on and is due to appear before on 9 .", ", 27 , from , got caught in a and died at , on 15 . told the in it was \" extremely concerned about the to the \" . The said new were put up in 2016 and it planned to \" see what more can possibly be done \" . More on this , and other and The was involved in a of and concluded there was no \" simple \" as the had protected , and that re-engineering the of a was a complicated and long with no of . The said the had become more dangerous since a was damaged by in 2015 , causing the to change . Earlier this 11 had to be rescued at the same . The said : \" Since the diverted , very significant of have occurred that have made extremely dangerous at certain of and \" . The met the duchy , the and the on 27 to discuss the but no were authorised . It also wrote a to the in saying it remained \" extremely concerned about the to the at large on a very busy , especially in the , and the of an unfortunate , and potentially fatal , occurring \" . said after the recent : \" has some unpredictable at the due to the of the constantly changing . \" The , which has in 23 and funds the of the of , expressed its and said in a : \" In 2016 new were installed to alert to the of strong and other . \" We plan to meet again with the , and other to see what more can possibly be done . \" The , which has for the above the high , said it had categorised as a \" higher \" , \" on of the running across the and the resulting \" . At high the covers , leaving and a at the of the .", "The grew at an annual of 0.2 in the first three of the , far lower than . The also kept at a , blaming the slower on \" transitory \" . 's 225 was down 2.7 to 19,520.21 , its biggest in nearly four . The extended after of left its monetary unchanged , while lacklustre also had their on the benchmark . in fell 6.7 after it announced a in for the fiscal to , as it deals with following exploding . fell 3 after it warned it would make a because of a $ 2.4bn legal linked to its . Chinese headed lower with 's falling 0.9 to 28,157.71 , while the was 0.6 lower at 4,449.17 . of in fell 5.2 after a in the that the had defective , which was supplied by the Chinese . In , the benchmark & / 200 ended down 0.8 at 5,790 . 's benchmark closed down 0.7 at 2,127.17 - marking its fifth consecutive of . showed that the 's industrial fell by a seasonally adjusted 0.4 in from - missing .", "A was inevitable after only 86.2 were possible on the first four after heavy in . The , who resumed on 248-7 , were 330 all out before hit an 82-ball , the quickest ever at , as reached 176-2 . were already 2-0 up in the , but the stops them from moving of the . The opening two of the final were also lost to but was able to complete his second half of the before he was caught by off . Fellow had ( 15 ) caught at short by to leave the 300-9 . than snaffled a at as removed for 13 to finish with a 3-63 . In , brought up his half in just 42 with a six off but the did remove , who lofted a to at to depart for 26 . ( 21 ) top-edged a to at to gift ( 2-62 ) a second . By then had completed his 16th but both elected to end the as a midway through the final .", "Meanwhile more than 30,000 in the eastern of have been told to leave their after reached their highest in 400 . is also threatening of and the . At least 13 have died and two are missing as a of the . Rising have been triggered by heavy following a wet . Eight were recorded in the and three in , while two were reported dead and two missing in , according to a on . of have not seen such severe in . However , in the , the has stabilised in the , where there had been of a of in 2002 and 1997 . started removing from their in on after two along the and broke . said the in the Bavarian was 3m ( 9.8ft ) high . \" This is a life-threatening ,\" he was quoted as saying by 's . Four were rescued at the very last by a before their was submerged , he added . German said in the eastern of were at their highest for four . said the was in acute after from the damaged a of . The of the in the historic German of , where at least 600 were evacuated , is not expected to peak until . reportedly ferried out the of , about 40km ( 25 ) northwest of , as were told to leave on . next to the swollen have been shut down and their removed over , the reports . Meanwhile , the were receding in the south German of . could be seen sweeping up from their . In the Austrian of , have been shoring up a under from the swollen . of left their in the in recent as threatened to overwhelm . In the low-lying industrial of , the spilled over the 10m-high ( ) . The main connecting and in have been underwater , with being diverted . Anti-flood have reportedly gone up to protect the Czech 's after it was badly hit , causing to be evacuated .", "The took close to 's and just before 09:00 on . The was airlifted to in . has said her 46-year-old has been arrested . \" This is being treated as a domestic-related but I would like to reassure the that a swift was made ,\" said . The said they were called at 09:00 to that a had been assaulted . said the remains in a serious but stable . Forensic are being carried out at the , which links nearby to a local primary and secondary .", "were called to , , at 23:00 on after of a . recovered three large , and from the \" large and unpredictable \" , they said . Two aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one on of possessing an offensive and the other on of an on . said no had been injured at the . said : \" By getting these off the when they did , my have helped save and prevented another needless . \"", "said in a he was downbeat over the because of weaker global , low and financial and political . \" Put in rather plainer , I am gloomier ,\" said . \" This implies could remain lower for longer , certainly than I had expected three ago . \" Global have tumbled this , with disconcerted at the of in and especially , the of , and worrying economic from and the . Previously , had been expected to rise early next . made his at a to local in , where he described the 's as \" writhing in both and \" . He said there were still of to be cheerful . is set to be the fastest of any major this and and are low , he said . However , he said the \" to be fearful \" included and , which had not risen . \" If there is genuine about the of the , the optimal may be to avoid the worst ,\" said . dropped 0.5 against the following his . on the has been volatile . 's about global economic were echoed by the , , who told the that the worldwide was \" more unstable than it has been for some \" . would not comment on 's . But he said there were \" a of global out there at the \" affecting the international . \" are entirely a for the independent of , the monetary there ,\" said . He added : \" I 'll say this about the more generally - there are clearly a of global out there at the - we see these in the European , we 've got this horrific in , all the in the and in the Ukrainian . \" The global is more unstable than it has been for some . That is all the more why in the we have to stick to the we have won . \" He said it was important to \" make sure is well protected as we 're in these stormy international economic \" . Earlier this , warned that the will impact .", "The Taiwanese , also known as , posted a net of $ 37bn ($ 1.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 814m ) in the to . It also reported a 16 in full for 2012 to $ 94.8bn . is the 's biggest and is one of its biggest . According to some , from account for almost of 's total . In the to , had sold 47.8 million , up from 37 million a earlier . Meanwhile , the of , also boosted of its - it sold 22.9 million , compared with 15.4 million in the same in 2011 . However , the heavy on has also raised that 's may slow in the coming . Some said the rapid of that and had seen in recent could not be sustained . \" In most of the developed , are at a mature and are pretty close to being at that ,\" said of & . added that had so far not been able to replicate the it enjoyed in the developed in emerging . He explained that in the emerging , were still very expensive and out of for many . At the same , is facing increased from other in those . \" They are being hammered by low-cost in such as ,\" he said . The is that if 's slows , it will have a on on such as .", ", 33 , was accused of raping , who was a at , in . The killed herself at her in 2015 . cleared , formerly of , of two of and one of sexual after the offered no against him . See more from across and here During the at , said the not to continue the had been taken at the \" highest \" of the . The said the had been kept under regular and were no longer satisfied there was a realistic of . told the had been \" removed from his at \" at because of the against him . \" This is an that goes back to 2014 ,\" told the brief . \" The was interviewed , as was the , in 2015 , almost exactly two ago . \" Following the , offered his to the of . In a read out by his , , said : \" This is not a of for me - quite simply , I should never have been charged and put through this horrendous . \" He also called for a in the to provide to those charged with but not convicted of sexual . In a , , and , said : \" We do n't want what happened to to define her or our of the and loving that she was . \" An recorded a that she had taken her own following post-traumatic . A for the said : \" Based on 's , we will be in with over the coming . \" As is standard , any such will be confidential between the and the . \"", "Japanese-owned said at its will end by 2018 . The will be decommissioned in four over the next three , the said . It is of a to relocate to in the , it added . , at the , said the to decommission the had \" not been taken lightly \" . \" I am immensely proud of our highly professional and I would like to thank them all for their and ,\" he said . \" We are aware that this is a difficult for at the and we will do to support them and their during and after the 's staged . \" We will also continue to collaborate with the local in the coming . \"", "The mythical 's legendary has been associated with throughout , including , 's , and . Now a retired has revealed what he believes to be the true of . And it turns out to be a small Roman at , on the of in . , a renowned in Arthurian , said : \" It was quite by . I was looking at some , and suddenly all the lined up . \" I believe I may have solved a 1,400-year-old . \" Previous best for the of the include in , 's , and in . In , was to a called , which means \" the of the \" . Over the , well-recognised linguistic would have reduced to . Though almost forgotten and insignificant , and even though it was abandoned and dilapidated by the relevant of around . 500 , argues that this at would still have been considered a strategic . At that , Celtic-speaking , who could have been led by , held the and the west against the invading . , on the Roman from to , would have been the ideal from which to defend the east . added : \" If there was a real , he will have lived around , although the first of him in is in a French from the of from 1180 . \" There is no of in the between those , known as the , when the was at , and very little was recorded . \" In this , passed on , much got lost in , and may have made up or just messed up known . \" , who taught at from 1964 to 2004 , has been researching the of for the past 18 . He spoke about his during the official of 's for the and of the .", ", 29 , has not scored for the since 10 - a of 14 - but netted in 's 2-2 with last . His is in stark to a ago , when he scored for a 11th in a . \" He has restarted and is very close to scoring ,\" said . \" He has started to also score in , and that is good because also , in the , he did n't score so well . \" has scored twice in the this compared with 13 at the same in 2015-16 . He finished last with 28 in 48 for and . Since his last , the have slipped to 14th in the with just two in nine . believes and no longer boast the \" surprise \" that worked in their last . The said : \" That is the big . is always normal , the same last . You do n't see him nervous or frustrated . \" But sooner or later will come back . I speak every with him . He is very calm , very concentrated in his , to work for the . \" , who have qualified from their with a to spare , host in the on ( 15:00 ) .", "were called to in at about 21:10 on . The female was seriously hurt and remains in and a who also tried to intervene received a minor , said . A 23-year-old from and a aged 21 were arrested and have been released under . are appealing for . More from The \" between a of and \" began in and moved to the of and , the said .", "Some of in complained that they had been misled before appearing on the . of the have denied that . Now , one which accused the of misrepresenting has offered a : a self-defence against unwanted . , a and , runs the primary in where was filmed . , who founded , said that other have approached them asking for on what to do if they get from . He said : \" We ca n't proactively defend every in the . \" However , we believe that the new will give the to benefit from what we 've learnt . \" The , which is on its , contains on how to discourage . It also has what it calls a \" \" to translate what a might really mean if they describe the they want to make . Despite more than 900 , ruled that 4 did not breach the . A second is thought to be under in . A 4 said : \" We are always transparent and clear with in the extensive that are given pre-filming and operate highly robust of for which were praised by the as ' demonstrating best ' . \" of the second recently began in , many after of the first and the subsequent , so were already familiar with the and of the . \" The of them have been happy to co-operate and support , even in the of external put on them by vested outside of the . \" Follow @ on and on", "The on from the includes a and a in the . The will now be put to a of the 's . Up to 10,000 in and protested last over of a \" \" in . They stopped over of a \" in \" in but returned to after a ordered them to end their 24-hour . Under the , will be allowed to retire at 65 - up to three ahead of the current - at no to them and with full . Uniformed will also be given consolidated of between 0.5 and 1 for each of the next three , on of usual performance-related . They also stand to receive a \" and \" totalling \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 . , said the and had also \" agreed a significant of and as well as new for in of how they deploy their in \" . The directed to take last after with the over and broke down . It came after multiple high-profile at across . In , , an at , died after being stabbed to in an at the , which left two injured . And last caused almost \u00c2 \u00a3 1m of during a at . later at of , an cut a 's with a on the back to his . In an to tackle unveiled detailing \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn in new over the next five , including for 2,100 extra , for on and from , and more for . In to the new she said : \" This is a good which rightly recognises the hard and of across the doing a tough . \"", "and his visited in in 2015 . He said a they spoke to took their in the . , from , died three later . A by the , which runs the , has been shared more than 600 . A said it was a \" heartbreaking \" . He added : \" With the [ ] who took the at will see 's and come forward . \" wrote to the 's for in tracking down the . He wrote : \" I have realised this would have been the last ever taken of her . I would dearly love to obtain a . \"", "It says \" cosmetic and ... that de-pigment the ... are now forbidden \" . have been popular for among young - and some - across , who believe they make them more beautiful . But medical say they may cause , , severe and other . \" The of with caused by these is really high ,\" , a of 's , was quoted as saying by the . Latest African updates : Where black is not really beautiful British told the the major was over unregulated , which may contain such as or excessive of . \" If one thinks about being present in these , they 're often present in much higher than we would prescribe ,\" she said . She said the can cause a of , such as \" , of the , or if applied near the \" . \" Or if applied liberally to the whole , [ they can ] cause high , , , , due to of large of ,\" she said . However , say the may not stop buying the . They are still used in The despite a . has the 's toughest against , having prohibited the most active - , but a of found that more than a of South African still buy them . The of whitening in is most widespread in - where more than 75 of buy them , according to a 2008 .", "accused of being prepared to \" concede \" , and the 's in the , , responded that his was giving \" false \" . The two had teamed up to help inflict on the concerning the of and parliamentary for a . But that went out the when rejected those - with determined to insist on them and prepared to defer to the . A in the told the it was \" fairly obvious \" by the , and geared towards for their . \" It 's pretty unforgiveable to build up false with genuinely worried about their in , when you already know that were ready to dig in behind the ,\" the said . For their , the accused of \" waving through the 's \" and \" lining up with the as they drive forward with a hard \" . It 's not just on that the two biggest have a of forming - they have trooped through the together to impose on dealing with from higher to . seemed sanguine about their of coming together again , saying : \" The will continue to work with from across the to fight for the we agree on . \" But the predicted \" residual \" , adding : \" I ca n't imagine there 'll be much here to organise a ' progressive drinks' . \" Our respective will of continue to keep business-like . \"", "A further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the . revealed the after a written parliamentary by . He said they were an because cannot be visited and assessed by the . had asked the of how many from the terrorist had been killed by British in from 2 2015 to 2 2016 . replied : \" During the in it is assessed that there were a of 111 wounded in and a of 1,306 killed in as a of . \" The cannot visit and conduct detailed on the in . Therefore the of killed and / or wounded is an estimated only . \" The backed British in against in back in 2014 . Just over a later in 2015 , authorised against in . The has conducted more than 1,200 in and since it became involved - more than any other bar the . has shown that in 2017 , dropped in and on 69 of the first 99 of the . and have been supporting Iraqi and Kurdish trying to liberate , northern , in recent .", "Using a of His ( ) , the told the he wanted to highlight the 's \" \" . It only took him a few to hack into the , he said . condemned the as a that were investigating . pointed out that while he made his to see if he could gain , a more maliciously-minded could have done . He claimed he knew of who had planned to plant a in the over , but said he was able to prevent that from happening . While said the was not linked to the 's , he acknowledged that removing it was a serious to . He admitted malicious could have planted a on the . The 's promised a robust - with more secure and - would be operational within . In the , can get by calling 01603 411923 . , who asked not to be identified because he fears , said he hacked the \" to see if I could \" . \" I found I could do it and then contacted the to let them know ,\" he said . \" It took me between two to three to do this . I do this mostly to see what there are in modern . \"", "has earmarked on the former and . The closed in , while 's , owned by , is also unused . The follows a comparative by of both and one near the . 's original closed to in 1956 . The - which owns - said could get two direct to per under the it has made in with and . , for and , said it was an \" exciting forward \" . He said the preferred was big enough to allow for the of future . He added : \" It has good and good to the and the surrounding . \" The confirmed it will now start the of acquiring the relevant . was designated a new on 9 1961. . It is one of the largest in the west of not to have its own .", "'s were found at a in , , in 2013 - four after he was reported missing . , 29 , has been found guilty of and sentenced to a minimum of 16 following a at . Two other were convicted in 2014 . , 36 , was killed in 2009 and buried in the of the he shared with German and fellow and . contacted in 2013 and led to 's , which was wrapped in and encased in thick . said a low had been built inside the with three of placed over the . A found died from to the . He had been reported missing by a , but after launching an said they believed he had left the . said the had been \" complicated \" and \" devastating \" for 's , but added \" the final in this shocking is now in \" . was previously found not guilty of assisting an and preventing a lawful . However , was re-arrested in 2015 when new came to . , now 39 , and , now 38 , were given for with minimum of 14 and 23 respectively in 2014 .", "The happened on the between and at about 17:00 on . said a on the was taken to with a \" serious \" . Her is not thought to be life-threatening . Four other who suffered minor were also taken to but were later released . The eastbound of the was closed following the causing lengthy . It was re-opened at 18:45 .", ", 34 , left through a that was guarded by before being driven away shortly before 07:00 . He is believed to have flown in from rather than taking a direct from to the . He was extradited in for the , which was thrown out on . cleared after ruling the that the from had arranged the of his was flawed . Armed were on at the preventing from approaching the used by . He is believed to have flown into the on an that landed shortly before 06:30 . dismissed the against at the , describing from a key as \" riddled with \" . had always denied plotting to arrange the of his in the of their while on in four ago . His 's , from , are now considering whether to launch a civil against her in the . They said the left many unanswered as it meant bisexual , who led a double visiting male in the before he married , would not have to give or face . Her , , said they would make a on legal after the . ruled it was not necessary for to give , saying a was entitled to be discharged if there was no of unless he entered the and incriminated himself . She said by the chief , , about the were also \" highly debatable \" and the from the was \" far below \" the required . Three - , and - have already been convicted for their in the , which happened during a late-night of a when their chauffeur-driven was hijacked . , a self-confessed \" middle \" who set up the , may also face having previously been granted by the . The claimed wanted to get out of his with , 28 , and arranged a in which she would be killed . But the criticised and said the against him was weak .", "'s for at its at were approved in . The says it will put first for creating , new , , and . said they were surprised by the since a legal to the 's is outstanding . issued formal legal at the in . said an \" independently audited \" will monitor its to . Chief said the shale would be good for the 's . \" We expect that in the alone we will spend in the of \u00c2 \u00a3 50m - clearly all of that will not go to ... but we would hope that up to of that could get spent in ,\" he said . The also said Bolton-based civil has been awarded the 's \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m . is expected to start early next , said .", "'s caused by using his to try to close down the after it did not give her a she wanted . The sparked a about of in the . The suggests that has grown more sensitive to the , say . The became a trending on under the # , after her 's . , the for , and his both apologised , but this did little to appease public . On , ordered his . The , in , was raided by after was not offered the she had asked for . The said that although was not personally involved in the , the had become embarrassing for the .", "The of the missing was raised when met Burmese . A said it was \" hoped this will be an to work with the reforming Burmese \" . The exact of the is unknown . The were buried in 1945 by the amid that they could either be used or destroyed by foreign , but in the intervening they have not been located . At the they were unused , still in , and yet to be assembled . Until a general in 2010 , was ruled for almost half a by a military . It has been reported that from and an based in believe they may have identified the where the are concealed using sophisticated . On , said was \" very enthusiastic \" about the of finding and restoring the . A said : \" The is arguably the most important in the of , playing a crucial in the . \" It is hoped this will be an to work with the reforming Burmese , uncover , restore and display these and get them gracing the of once again . \"", "A from , in of , flew to the on as the based in was on another . The were helped to the of the by ( ) using , and then winched aboard the . They were dropped off at while the walked down the .", "The decided to halt the ( ) amid over , particularly for \" vulnerable \" . said he hoped the would resume within . It is thought about 800 are affected - and can now seek . Of those , it is estimated that about 100 may have to be released . The , introduced in 2000 , accelerates legal and while keeping the detained . It is used in which believe can be decided quickly . Last the of ordered the to halt the immediately after an earlier concluded it contained \" structural \" . put a \" legal \" - a temporary - on his on 12 , following a brought by . This meant the fast-track remained in until the had exhausted all to appeal . said were worried their were not as robust as they should be . In a to the of , said the had \" come under significant legal \" . \" surrounding the within the for particularly vulnerable have also been identified to the that we cannot be certain of the of of to certain vulnerable who may enter . \" In of these , I have decided to temporarily suspend the of the detained fast-track . \" I hope this to be short in , perhaps only a of , but I will only resume of this when I am sure the right are in to minimise any of . \" The to suspend the means those detained and awaiting will be reassessed at a \" senior \" to see if they can be released from to continue their in the normal . added : \" Those who meet the general for will not be directly affected by the to suspend . \" Many are already detained under these , for because they are at of absconding and face imminent . \" Only if can no longer be justified outside a will be released to continue their in the regular . \" He said who face to a safe third , pose a to the or are foreign are \" still liable to be detained or remain detained \" . The accelerated some 4,300 or in 2013 . It currently processes 30 to 40 a .", ", 17 , was stabbed at his in in 2010 and two , and , were jailed for in 2013 . , originally from , was arrested in in 2011 accused of to commit . But he escaped in last . , who is also accused of and , was awaiting but escaped after being taken to a . confirmed he escaped from a in . said 's \" remain resilient and continue to receive our full \" . is from the of , but he also has with in surrounding . added : \" We believe in this knows about 's , and urge such to contact us \" .", ", 28 , was last seen by at his in on 25 2015 . His abandoned was found 10 ( 16km ) away in . His was formally declared a by exactly a later . A 35-year-old and a from have been released pending further . The two will have to report back to in late .", "The six-month at is expected to \" follow the \" , where arise in the and globally . The Kirkcaldy-based also wants to extend its in and grow further in . The has already focused its in . in the are among 's more lucrative . The has been through a difficult corporate in recent . In announcing its full-year , the said 2016 was \" challenging \" . was back into the , with pre-tax of \u00a3 183,000 , following a 2015 of \u00a3 2.7m . was down in 2016 , largely due to the of a major financial , believed to be . fell from \u00a3 73m in 2015 to \u00a3 61m . In trying to diversify its away from a few large and during academic , the is seeking to secure more from the and . It is also looking for a wider of retail , which have so far included big high such as & , , and of . employs 300 at its and , with also in and in the . The 's fell 12 in the after the annual were published .", ", 68 , who had become \" besotted \" with another , was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover \u00a3 150,000 to murder . His heard he wanted to inherit her and with , 28 . The of confirmed had been lodged for an . , the former of the The , had claimed he was researching a and denied to at his . But the retired was caught when the posing as a would-be taped a in which said he was \" 100 sure \" he wanted his dead . The was told had mounting and was desperate to inherit his 's \u00a3 800,000 in and set up with . The was told had approached in 2016 and said : \" I 'm offering you \u00a3 250,000 to kill my . \" In 2016 he met an undercover posing as a called in the of 's in , . They were introduced by a 6ft 3in \" \" called , to whom had previously given 's and a . Unknown to , , whose real is , had already reported him to of , the was told . Jailing for 17 in , said : \" For your , for your obsessive with a young , , who had protected and nurtured you , was to die a painful and terrifying in an isolated . \" Her was to fund your . You had used her until she had outlasted her to you . \"", ", 25 , an ex-Royal from , died near the Syrian of on 2 , Kurdish have said . His was handed over to his and in a involving of Syrian . 's , , said the had been \" overwhelming \" . He told the emotional was \" very special and very comforting \" to his . Our said the was also a \" big \" for the , who had turned out to pay their last to the who came \" halfway round the to fight - and die - in their against \" . of - including Kurdish , and foreign in the - watched as 's was loaded into an , where it will be transported to , the of Iraqi . The was decorated with and was draped with a Kurdish and a . Some would be needed in to complete the necessary before 's can be flown back to the , our added . , an in , is believed to have travelled to three or four ago . He is said to have gone to because he was \" horrified by the being carried out \" there . Kurdish said the had been killed while fighting alongside Kurdish in the of . His has paid to his \" , and \" . In a , they said : \" We are devastated to confirm the of our in where he went to support the opposing . \" His might have burned briefly but it burned brightly with , , and and we are very proud of him . \" The 's and described of 's as \" heartbreaking \" . The says there are about 600 in the \" of \" but have not given a of what they may be associated with . The understands about 100 Western - including some - are fighting as of the 30,000-strong Kurdish . More than 500 are believed to have travelled to join .", "The 32-year-old spent the second of last on at the where he made 14 . made 29 for over five before his to the . \" I 'm really happy that have fallen into before we get closer to the ,\" he said . \" It was a very easy . I could have gone to several other in but it was a no , I wanted to stay here . \" Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "The said should not be \" screaming at the \" after its poor general . He spoke out after was hit by a over its on . He also criticised , amid that he is doing well in the to be . In an with political , said were \" sent a very strong \" by the at the general , where it was almost wiped out by the in and failed to make on the in . \" We 're running around stamping our , screaming at the when ultimately what we need to do is meet where they are at , not necessarily where we would want them to be ,\" he said . has been divided by how to respond to the set out in 's , with some reacting angrily when acting said it should not oppose all of the . The 's new will be announced at a special in . , who was briefly in the before withdrawing , said the would want to win . The on winning the have recently been reduced , though he only made it on to the after some not thought to be his agreed to make up the necessary of for him . said he had against the but added that his political were not \" a that can win \" . He said was \" weak on at a when global is rising \" and backed \" more generous social for who can work but refuse to work \" . \" I 'll tell you what , there is no in ,\" added . \" Ultimately we will betray our if we do n't get elected . \"", ", 76 , of , was snorkelling around the of when he was hit on 19 . His told the in it happened in . She said : \" There was n't enough for me to shout or do . \" A of accidental was recorded by . The heard was snorkelling in a when a rigid inflatable started up . \" A snorkelling is very difficult to see ,\" said . \" At best it 's only of the of the that can be seen . \" Whether the operating the looked or made any to see if was in the , I ca n't say . \" told the suffered and his was \" likely to have been virtually instantaneous \" .", "Twenty-five were released because of a of . It is the latest of passed in with the - 36 were hanged a ago for their in the . IS filmed the , at the former of , near , in an early of . Most of the are believed to have been young who were based at the when was overrun by . and published by at the showed being lined up and shot at various . Some were pushed into the , while were buried in that were found after recaptured the a later . The condemned have the to appeal against the .", ", founded in 2002 in , provides and live of more than 4,000 around the . purchased the as of a combined that also includes . said it was \" thrilled \" as the would enable it to expand . The employs 22 in , taking from offshore to forecast , along with allowing to check via on . \" It 's a unique to find the right of , inspirational and to our global and of ,\" said . , chief of , said : \" We are excited to welcome and to the . \" These share our and in the and , and are ideal to support 's to become the global for and and online . \"", "was suspended on as reached 36mph and blew over at . , who was eight after five when was stopped , added five and a as he carded a 67 to move 12 . is nine , a clear of . 's carded the joint-best second with 66 as he completed 14 in the better to sit tied for fifth on seven . \" Obviously we got a lucky with the . I was expecting it to be windier , but you still have to hit good ,\" said , who is looking for his first since 2014 . \" I played nicely again and made some nice , so I 'm very happy with where I am . \" The third is under with to try and complete it on .", ", chasing a , went ahead when converted 's , but 's levelled through 's . Buoyed by the , struck an , before took 's to make it 2-1 . It was enough to secure a against the this . The was 's first in One since a 2-1 against in , and 's first in the since his . 's dropped two to ninth after the , their first in five .", "The , made of and and wheat-thatched , have been based on archaeological found at , near . said : \" What we 're trying to do is get a of what these looked like above-ground . \" The is to re-build the at next . \" What makes the interesting is that they were dated to about the same as the large were being erected at ,\" said . \" One of the is that these may have housed the that were helping with of that . \" Inside , the has used a of different , made of [ ] or and and that would have been used by Neolithic . \" We 've been trying a completely different of thatching a . is tied onto the , as you would in a modern thatched but the that we 've used is knotted and then tucked into a woven . \" Often think 4,500 ago is a long ago , which of to us as modern it is , but it 's well into of . \" We 're looking at that were farming , keeping and domesticating , and of were an important . \" The Neolithic will be kept for another two and will open to the during the two .", "The means the would not be on the if of and agree to fight . 's has said were almost agreed with former and hoped the , and would be contested . But 's said the has sanctioned the . The is yet to confirm the but is already considering and expects the to take in 's . The is undefeated in 21 and is the 's ranked , with second . 's , 27 , is third on the and has won all of his 29 . has vacated the and and had his stripped by the of \" pending further into and medical \" . The 28-year-old , who defeated in 2015 , is suffering from and has admitted to taking . In he also has an for a issued in . It is unclear if the will allow to compete for their of the , but says his will be in on 10 even if pursues a for the with a different . On former British tweeted stating \" I 'm coming to knock you out on 10 \" .", "Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu \u00f4l i'r \u0175y ? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod , does dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l ... ( dyna ddigon nawr. Gol . ) Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd !", "pleaded not guilty in the of in an on . found at the of his were linked to a anti-gun-running called and . Under the , the allowed to purchase in to trace them to major . But lost of 1,400 of the , including the believed to have killed . A has cited 14 for possible disciplinary for their in the . was arrested in in 2012 . He was flown to the on . He has been charged with , as well as and other . \" This brings us one closer to achieving for a beloved who paid the highest in protecting this ,\" said for . \" While there is that can be done to bring home again , we hope this will bring some of . \" Another , , was sentenced to 30 in in for the 2010 , which occurred as and his engaged in a with in rural . The announced a $ 1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 589,000 ) in 2012 for leading to the of , and three . Two of the remain , while the third is waiting in Mexican for . , 's and the 's , said they were \" thankful that Mexican have continued to work with us \" . \" The has gotten really good at not having high and knowing that are going to take of ,\" said . \" They have become very patient over the last three-plus . So we do n't celebrate many . \" pleaded not guilty to first-degree , second-degree and other .", "The latest bring the of to 69 in 27 in the past , according to the of . No were found at any of the targeted with . Last , 27 Jewish in 17 reported receiving . All of the made on , along with previous in , turned out to be false and Jewish have since reopened with normal resumed . Responding to the latest , said that had made it \" abundantly clear \" that such were \" unacceptable \" . \" Hatred and hate-motivated of any have no in a founded on the of individual ,\" the , which was shared on by , said . 's - who has converted to and whose is Jewish - also condemned the . Former Democratic presidential said that must be taken to prevent further . In a on , wrote : \" , and online are so troubling and they need to be stopped . must speak out , starting w /@ . \" The were made to the Jewish through that were both pre-recorded and live , with using voice-disguising , according to Israeli . Since the of the , there have been of to in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and . The of , a of and , has since been reviewing its . In an earlier the said that along with the it was investigating possible civil in with the . The , a Jewish anti-bigotry , said in a that it was \" deeply disturbed \" by the latest to the Jewish . Meanwhile , more than 100 have been damaged at a Jewish in , , local . In the Canadian of , has condemned anti-Semitic left outside the of Jewish .", "The allege 28-year-old , also called , was the who raped the 74-year-old . The , allegedly a Bangladeshi , was arrested at a in ( ) . The caused in and led to in many across the . This marks the sixth in the . have identified eight in the , of which two still remain untraced . \" All the five accused arrested earlier have named as the who raped the ,\" a told the . , of the 's , told the that acted on a off that , who had fled to after being identified from of the , was due to return to by . In , the said they had arrested and described him as the of the which attacked the . They said it was not clear what the had played in the . During the in on 14 , was stolen from the and the ransacked , before the was raped in the itself .", "An of the Chilean is widely available while one of the is not yet . The Chilean with its white on a blue resembles that of the . said the was meant to be mainly educational . The calls on \" to reject the that the Chilean , although it is a nice , can in any compare to or be substituted for the official of and urge all not to use the of in digital when referring to the of the great of \" . Some have developed a of using the Chilean in and on social as a of national . of the currently have their own . said that the was to raise about the in a light-hearted . \" Even if the decides not to hear it , we have achieved our ,\" he said . The would be non-binding and cannot pass into . There will be no for using the wrong . \" The Chilean is a fine . Maybe it 's the second best , who knows , we 're not getting into a here . The important , though , is that it 's not the ,\" joked in . \" In these divided , we anticipate that this of legislative will be a refreshing of ,\" he concluded . The of the also emphasises the behind the flags' seemingly small . \" The of the Chilean depict , , and spilled while fighting for , but the blue , white , and of the stand for the of , , and ,\" it says . and its national have been the of before . At the 2016 , the played 's national instead of that of as Uruguayan looked on confused . The following , the Chilean national was drowned out by by the before 's against .", "are already with at $ 83m (\u00a3 53.2m ) a . The has been negotiating its latest of overseas , having secured a \u00a3 5.1bn three-season domestic with and , which starts in 2016-17 . That dwarfs the existing \u00a3 1bn-a-season currently in . The new is in to the domestic and covers all in 2016-17 to 2021-22 . The and have not revealed how much the new is worth . said 's of the previous two had driven in , and the as a , to unprecedented . The total overseas , which include lucrative such as the and ( ) , will be worth about an additional \u00a3 2bn in the current .", "The in the are old and prone to and , said . of is expected to be closed until the as a is replaced . will be in . The is \" just too narrow \" in to be kept open as large will be used , a said . More than 12 ( 20km ) of new are being laid from the into . In the first , which began in , were installed on for a new nearby .", "The foreign said a Russian flew into its on the with on . described the as \" baseless \" . between the two have been high since , when shot down a Russian . has been carrying out in since . It has been targeting fighting the of Syrian , its . In a , the Turkish foreign said a Russian crossed into Turkish at 11:46 local on , ignoring several made in and . It said the had summoned the Russian in to \" strongly protest at and condemn \" the . Turkish warned on that would \" have to face if it keeps up such \" . \" Such irresponsible do not benefit either the , or , or regional and global ,\" he told . He said he had asked repeatedly for a with his Russian , , without . - of which is a - on urged \" to act and to fully respect \" and \" take all necessary to ensure that such do not happen again \" . between and , a vocal of , plummeted after Turkish shot down a Russian on 24 . said the intruded into its and ignored repeated to leave . insisted the had never crossed over from Syrian and did not receive any . The two embarked on a of and introduced a of designed to damage 's . 's on the of Turkish , the of for to and most with Turkish was expected to cost the Turkish at least $ 10bn .", "lie eighth , having won six of their 14 , after finishing 11th for the previous three . \" Every I 've been here we 've shown ,\" the told . \" do n't quite see though until you overtake , which is what we 've done this ,\" he said . \" I 've never looked at other than that [ being in the top six ] for the last four . We 're now getting more than thought , and are now considering us as top six . \" host , who they beat 22-16 earlier this , on , with the one above the in the . \" They fight for every they can get , and will try to reverse the from earlier in the . \" \" I want to look at our and ' never willing to lie down ' . We are getting there . Every has been a for other . They do n't like coming here and we know that . It 's not about the up here , but the we play . \" \" We 've still got to go out and do it . It 's not about dizzy and . It 's about nailing that and again . \"", "The has made just one since joining in , scoring in the 3-2 over former . 's currently have to fellow , and . , currently sixth in the , are at against struggling on .", "'s the found the 's spare contained a at 's in . has also been fined 20,000 (\u00a3 14,000 ) and been ordered to pay legal . The former must also return all her . The of the , the 's won by 's , is not affected . Scanning of in has been introduced in recent , but 's was the first found to contain a concealed . There were 274 scanned at the in in . is not supported on this , which were recently strengthened , that a is given a minimum of six and a of up to 200,000 (\u00a3 141,000 ) for an of \" technological \" , while , and other could also be sanctioned . was competing during the 's under-23 at the . The was hidden , along with a , in the below the . It was controlled by a installed underneath the . She has denied she deliberately cheated , saying the was not hers . \" It was my 's and was identical to mine . This went around the before dropping off the in the . A , thinking it was my , cleaned it and prepared it for my ,\" she told Belgian in .", ", 23 , missed six out of seven at during the 27-13 over 11 ago . That - combined with 24-year-old 's for - has convinced to make the . is likely to take the inside-centre vacated by . is in to start instead of 's , with to confirm their at 10:00 on . have never won a in , but are determined to overturn the 33-13 \" \" they were given by the at the 2015 . \" We came out of that thinking we had thought too much of ourselves ,\" said loose-head of 's heaviest on home . \" The biggest we took was that on any can happen . We go into this knowing that too . \" There is no of or of the and , although it 's hard to forget , it has got to go to the of our . \"", ", 13 , has , a degenerative which affects about 105 in the . It leads to the progressive of , and . Her has started a seeking to see the made available on the . There is no known to but the improves the of with the . It replaces a missing which allows to continue to grow , as well as improving and the to walk . It also relieves . The 's have been providing the to at their own but they are going to withdraw it unless the in and commit to funding it . The said her would be markedly different without the . \" I would n't be able to move I 'd just be in so much ,\" she said . \" And I probably would n't be able to go to . \" It was that which prompted her to launch the which now has nearly 2,000 . \" As a I suppose I felt kind of bad that she was going to be denied this because I know she has got a great on ,\" explained . \" She 's funny , she 's friendly and I would hate to see her in all the . \" and has also backed the . \" This is not a cheap but , as herself asked me , how do you put a on a human ?\" he asked . \" There are only just over a hundred throughout the , with just five in , and those who have had with report a massive in and the other of this . \" , which rarely exceeds the mid without , can be considerably extended with this , and it is enormously to the of and her that they have raised this to try to ensure that the is available to all . \" The said the was currently going through its . It added that a on the was expected to be published in early .", "The are second in the - the of as it stands - and have been of the for 15 . of said it was \" devastating \" to miss out on the new 10-team . When asked if she hoped for a , said : \" We deserve it . \" Speaking to , continued : \" What we , as a , have worked so hard to do for 25 is to get to the required - which we meet . \" 's , into which there will be a multi-million by the over the first three , is aimed at improved and increasing in the . are the only not to be included in the new 's , as third-placed will operate as from 2017 . , a and at the 2016 , is among five involved in 's this . In a , 's said \" the will be weakened \" by 's and also \" welcome the to reconsider the \" . The have said they are willing to work closely with the and help \" support future to compete in the new \" . for a in were based around and , and medical , and playing , , and financial . There will be no or from the for the first two , which starts in . While is disappointed the has been overlooked , she does stress the 's to establish a better funded and resourced is \" absolutely fantastic \" . and echoed the , adding : \" For the bigger , the investing so much into 's is absolutely fantastic . \" But it is a real for . We have all worked so hard this and put so much into our , means a to involved . \"", "and two from 's were flagged down by a in , at around 15:30 on . The was in and rushed to help deliver a , the said . said it was a he \" wo n't forget in a \" . See more from across and the here Soon after he stepped in , arrived at the in , and and were taken to to be checked over . , the with the , said : \" It was far from your typical for but it was definitely one of the most rewarding . \" I have been with the for more than 30 and never had to deliver a before . \" We receive medical but can ever prepare you for such a . \"", "The , 24 , whose at runs out next , is attracting from several . \" We are having some very positive with and and we are very positive about him staying here ,\" told . \" is . Clearly are trying to lure him to smaller by offering him huge of . \" had suggested had been offered \u00a3 1.6 million over three by , although of said on there was no in the . of also said his have made no for the , but , and are also thought to be interested . , who joined as a and has since won 25 for , has been offered a new by the . \" I did n't think other were allowed to speak with him until 1 , so that surprises me ,\" added . \" is a sensible and I am sure we will come to a sensible and all are that it 's the . \" I am confident that will stay . He has a of left in him . \" He is a good . We have looked after him very well and we are confident he will stay a . \"", ", 25 , claimed she was raped by nine and sexually assaulted by six , all , in four spanning three . One led to the of a who was jailed for seven . from was found guilty of and perverting the of at . told , who was in a with a : \" This has revealed , what was then not obvious , that you are a very , very convincing and you enjoy being seen as a . \" The described your as a ' of bogus ' . \" These usually began as a drunken to get your 's or perhaps to arouse her . \" They each began impulsively , but what is particularly chilling is the in which you persisted in making which you knew were untrue even to the of committing and repeating . \" told the spent 6,400 investigating 's at a of at least \u00a3 250,000 , and the cost at least \u00a3 109,000 . \" such as this bring a real that a who has been raped or sexually assaulted does not complain to the for of not being believed \" , the added . \" False are likely to have the perverse of increasing the of guilty going free . \" In a victim , , who was wrongly convicted of raping in 2010 , told the he had been hugely affected by the false . \" One of my is to be a successful , to have a nice and be happy ,\" he said . \" I am working on the - I have a long to go . \" had also falsely claimed she was groped by a , , in a in 2012 . She alleged she was then gang-raped by him and other , and even self-inflicted to back up her she was assaulted with barbed . The following fabricated similar against six other . She claimed two sexually assaulted her and said she was raped again , by four , two later .", ", 43 , was convicted of and last . During his at the , the was told he forced a 14-year-old to perform a on him after getting her drunk . He had a \" persistent and almost predatory \" in , the heard . from said the showed \" just how serious this of is \" . \" This represents for young who had the to stand up in and relive some very difficult ,\" he said . was the tenth to be convicted under , which focussed on of by other of and against young . Four previous led to nine male being jailed for 59 against 15 from and elsewhere in the . \" We are pleased with this as it represents for the and young who suffered at the of this vicious ,\" said , from . She praised the \" \" of the who had given during the of the . \" Their in reliving some absolutely horrendous at the of this has enabled us to get the we did and means that other and young are safer in our ,\" she said . 's and described 's as \" of the worst \" .", "were called to the at about 17:00 on . Five were initially sent to the with one remaining on on . was injured in the .", "The also hit and , where were evacuated and an cancelled . said 50mm of fell in in an , damaging the of the in . A said was \" pouring through the near the fresh \" . , 32 , became trapped in his at while he was visiting to buy a in the . Speaking from the he said : \" is lapping over the now . can walk through it , but it 's far more than you 'd want to drive through . \" I 'm sitting in my on the in to maintain some just down from the near . \" There are everywhere and the is getting worse as are trying to drive through it , but their are cutting out which is causing them to block the . \" said : \" We have seven currently in the , and , assisting with evacuating , salvaging and pumping out of . \" The exact of affected cannot be confirmed , but we understand that we are assisting currently at least 60 . \" He warned : \" Do n't try to drive through standing - as well as the damaging your , there may be under the you ca n't see . \" A was opened in the in , . There have also been of in . and said have been dealing with about 40 flood-related with ongoing in , , and . in urged to avoid driving on the 's unless absolutely necessary due to the \" of currently being experienced \" . said : \" We are assisting including the , and , and with , evacuating and pulling out of . \" We do not have a of , so please do not call 999 requesting any . \" The said it had been working to restore to and about 400 were still without at about 21:00 on .", "An of about 10 from , 1 and will support against the . About 70 will eventually be in carrying out medical , logistical and . Around 300 are also be deployed to the in . - the Islamist militant allied to - is battling 's for of the . Who are 's ? New for African in Somali : Why I left The has carried out a of - including in neighbouring - and is believed to have between 7,000 and 9,000 . The in ( ) was launched in 2007 , and is mainly comprised of from , , , and . In , between and rebel has seen more than 2.2 million flee from their in the , which broke away from in 2011 . The British being sent to will also carry out to strengthen . It follows a by at the in in . It formed of a in the and to double the of on \" blue-hatted \" and support to end some of the 's most destabilising . Speaking at the , said \" will help to alleviate serious humanitarian and ... helping to bring to the and preventing these from spreading further afield \" . Announcing the of the in , said : \" This is another of the and global of our armed . \" It showed the 's \" to tackle wherever it rears its \" , he added . The of said the 's to reflects a long of supporting the , including a lasting in . has long been a large financial to and is the fifth highest of . But its has been relatively small - focused mainly on 250 based in .", "broke a in her when the inflatable was blown about 150 into the at in , , on . had previously battled a rare of , which was diagnosed just after her third . Her wrote on that his was \" comfortable \" . He said : \" is a tough as you all know and will again bounce back . \" posted on that her would be taking on . It is believed an was also treated for a after the . said every was assessed .", "is not supported on this The has 184 in 252 in an international spanning 15 . She was in the 2015 winning and won two . \" It 's been an amazing , wonderful and I ca n't wait to see what the next of my brings ,\" she said . was the 2012 's of the and is also a six-time of the . She will be with the for all four of its , but her final will come on 16 against in as the last of the 10-game . is not supported on this \" is a who has transcended our and her as one of the 's greatest is set forever ,\" said . \" What she has done for 's and 's overall with her amazing on the and her off it has been inspiring to watch . \" I am just extremely happy that she could end her with that elusive and go out on , right where she deserves to be . \" In her , scored just over 500 for her high , , professional and the and senior international .", "The has agreed a and will arrive following his with the and in . He is the of former and won the 2012 with . \" I try and bring an to the and make an ,\" told the 's . \" I 've watched all of the in the this and northern is getting very exciting . I 'm looking forward to playing in a competitive European . \" I know is one of the best in the , so it 's an exciting to work under him next . \" will join current in , with the signing a two-year with the earlier this . \" and I live together in ,\" he explained . \" We did n't really talk about it too much before it happened , but now it 's nice to know there will be a familiar in . \" Last , revealed 's expected , with the new considered a by , who have monitored him for several .", "The led the after winning six of their first seven but slipped from the after losing to on 25 . currently lie in fifth in the and face again on . \" I do n't see our being that bad , we 've just lost some ,\" told . \" We 've lost some to look at the , but internally we 're still doing some good . \" After conceding 108 in their opening seven , have changed of late , with the conceding 103 in their last four . \" It 's about doing the little well , keeping the high and doing the we did at the of the with the same of ,\" he added . \" We know we 've got to get moving back in the but are saying the same and there are who are fighting to get some in their . \"", "The 28-year-old from was taken to in a critical after being found in at 07:10 on . A 28-year-old of no fixed and a 43-year-old from were arrested on of . A 30-year-old was arrested on of grievous . said the was still in . are still keen to hear from who was in the at the and may have witnessed the .", "set up between the and a he found through an , and filmed them having . A heard he sent a containing a sexually explicit to the 's on . , 42 , was also placed on the . He had denied the but was found guilty following a at . remitted the to the in to be dealt with because its greater . , formerly of , near , was found guilty of coercing the to engage in sexual and with the between 10 , 2013 and 17 the following . He was also convicted of intentionally causing the 's and to look at sexual and behaving in a threatening or abusive on 25 , 2014 . The told the she had felt \" blackmailed \" by . told the that she had to pass a on him that \" reflected 's \" at such . The said that , a first , had been assessed as posing \" a moderate \" of sexual . said it had been \" a dramatic \" for to be placed on ahead of .", "The will join on a permanent in the for a believed to be \u00a3 10m . The had to wait until for the to decide if the had been completed by 's 23:00 . scored six in 24 for after joining from for \u00a3 9m in 2016 . However , the , featured just six this and failed to score . He started his with and had with , and before joining in 2009 . scored 73 in 124 for the and helped them to from in 2012 . paid the \u00a3 8m for him in 2012 following their from the . He moved on to last after scoring 83 in 159 for and helped 's win to the . , , is the goalkeeping at . Find all the latest on our dedicated or visit our here .", "The suffered extensive and much of its was destroyed in the on 21 . The 's 453 are currently being taught at four in the . As well as , the temporary will house , and , the said . The , some of which have already been placed on the by two large , had previously been used to house and from in while building was carried out . , of the , said : \" We are absolutely delighted to see the first temporary arrive on . It 's a great for us , the and alike . \" He said once the remaining had arrived over the next few the would begin preparing the for .", "British and , 23 , has signed a new with in 's . The 's previous was due to expire next and he had been linked with a to . \" We 'd all want to see our best playing in ,\" said . \" Why would we want it any different ? \" was chief when left them for in 2013 , and moved to the in 2014 . He would like to see such as back in to offer a \" on to the that have developed them \" as well as to reward and to inspire younger . added : \" From the national 's of , the are very clear that they fundamentally believe that it is a better in of for the to be playing in . \" They can manage them better in with the . \" , capped 55 by and also a 2013 in , has appeared 42 for . There was he might emulate and former regional , who will return to from on a dual next . Former is also disappointed will remain in . \" It 's probably good for him personally because he 's at a very good and in a very good ,\" told . \" But I want to see all the Welsh back . That 's going to strengthen our and strengthen our on the . \" We had some great is coming back so it 's a of a . \"", "followed up over and 's with a 6-1 6-2 of 's . The two-time needed just 67 to win the . goes on to face Slovakian 10th , who beat 3-6 6-3 6-4 . , who missed four of the in 2015 after having on her left , is now close to qualifying for the eight-player in for the first . \" I 'm a good ,\" said the . \" I can beat top . But I was missing in my . This is the first that I 'm really consistent playing the whole . \" , 26 , hit 34 in a dominant against , overpowering the to reach her first of 2015 . \" It 's amazing ,\" said the two-time . \" I came to this and really did n't expect this of . Physically I 'm still so-so - I 'm really happy that I 'm not falling apart . \" But I played a really great in of , which really put the on her . \"", ", 30 , said his clung to him during the by up to six at his at , , on . He said the dragged him from his to the front where he was beaten with and . after the , a was set alight next to the . said they consider both to be linked . \" Any other I would normally lock the and put the out of so could break the ,\" said . \" But the [ ] did n't lock the and the next we heard was coming up the and I just knew then that 's what it was . \" They were dragging me down the into the and started battering me with . Just before , my clung onto me when she seen them and they just pulled her off me . \" said he feared for the of his , 9 , and his five-year-old . \" Its terrible , I do n't think they should have had to witness at all . They were squealing . I was lying on the and they were just welting into me with with in them . \" While I was in the front getting battered they [ the ] were smashing up the . One of them said that 's enough , that 's enough but the last out had to hit me five or six more and then they ran off down the . \" called those behind the \" \" . \" They were shouting about but I do n't take any of . I 'm addicted to prescribed and that 's it . I do n't bother I just keep myself to myself . \" . They had to all come in and and it took five or six of them . \"", "The former in will be given a new , and pool-side as of the \u00c2 \u00a3 4.2m . Three promenade-side retail and a soft will also be built . The shut last after the running it had its pulled by . The , starting on , is expected to be finished by .", "The involve 165 and more than 100 . A said many had \" multiple and multiple \" but there was also a large involving single . Last , 12 were jailed for their in the of a single in . Eleven were jailed at after being convicted of raping the from the of 13 and another was sentenced for sexual with her . The , which were given to the and confirmed to the by , compare with last 's of 220 . There were 261 under at the same in 2016 . A said : \" and have been proactive in their to encourage to come forward and reassure them that all will be taken seriously . \" We have developed a far greater of than in the and this has led to rapid to prioritise to improve the and of of this abhorrent . \"", "Eight were found dead in the in a in , , and 31 were treated . Two later died in . The , named as , 60 , could face the . He says the were placed in his while he was distracted . They were inside the without to or while outside hit ( 100F ) . say they believe the is linked to smuggling . from the reportedly showed a of arriving to pick up some of the . Several may have managed to escape on into the nearby . and acting said more than 100 could have been in the at one . 's said it was working closely with to identify the of the . is a few from the with , and the is trying to establish the victims' legal . were brought to the by a who had approached an of the and asked for . said in a that the ranged from to in their . Local said the had of over 130 per and were very hot to touch . The confirmed at least two of the were . Their is not clear . The for the of , , said the were helpless of \" ruthless human indifferent to the of their fragile \" . say is a serious in southern , and there have been a of similar in the just in this past . On 7 , found 72 undocumented from Central American locked inside a \" with no of \" . The next 33 were found locked inside a at a on the to .", "is showing the of brought by African-Caribbean in the and . The responded to to work in but were only allowed to bring one . said the gives a unique into important of 's . The was named after the first which brought from the to in 1948 . The , called ' From to the - to ' , aims to give an into who travelled across the to seek a better in what was still the 's \" \" . include , , and - as well as designed for black and when were commercially available . , the 's , cameto from when she was just seven old . She said : \" Our is to let know about the that have made to British and and commemorate these . \" There'sno better than , as it 's such awell known and celebratory in 's . \" The is taking for the first take in two - the on and the on .", ", 43 , from , went to on 5 . When she tried to get a from the to the , less than one ( 1.6km ) away , she was refused . 's senior , , said : \" We will investigate this and take any necessary . \" told 's it took her more than an to reach the . She said : \" I went to the first in the outside the , I told him where I wanted to go . \" He laughed . I thought he was just joking along because I knew it was a fairly short . \" When I said ' seriously , can I get in the ? ' He said ' no , I 'm not taking you . ' So he pointed me helpfully in the right and told me to walk . \" , from , said : \" We have heard of having getting . \" If 's still walking you ca n't see that they 're disabled - if 's in a it 's really obvious . \" It 's not obvious , so I would say to - do n't make . \"", "had been sent to an alleged in the in on . After dealing with the he surprised by belting out the classic on the . , who filmed the , said : \" just loved it \" . The was in full at the . told 's The : \" expected it to happen . It was just a normal for us . \" They 've just launched their new wacky which is a of a and a of . \" \" I think the was speaking to the karaoke and she suggested he got up to sing but I do n't think she expected him to ,\" said . \" But she held him to it just before he went out the . The other were outside and they heard his called up and they ran straight back in . \" They loved it as well . was clapping and cheering for him . \" He was hilarious , especially his and his . The other were standing and clapping and cheering . Not sure if he was their but when they first saw him it was like their had just got up on the . \" , of , said : \" Around 19.10 on , were called following an alleged within the on in . \" A full and thorough led to the of a 23-year-old who is expected to appear at on . \" Once the had concluded and the 's ensured , from our was encouraged to participate in ongoing in the . ' ' took to the which helped to defuse any simmering in the . \" I was pleased to see that once the had been professionally concluded , my were able to share a lighter with those who remained in the . \"", "The lost for a in the fourth and ( 23 ) shortly after . ( 20 ) and ( 10 ) continued a steady of until ( 58 ) and ( 38 ) led the hosts' . However , swept through the to with impressive of 5-55 .", "elected to field first and chipped away with regular as , and were all dismissed for 20 . 's also included the of and ( 27 ) . took 2-20 as hit back , but finished the 59-3 , 107 behind . Two 's bottom went into the on the of a dramatic by and their fragile was exposed by in an which lasted just 45.2 . lost , and cheaply in , but ( 19 not out ) and ( 16 not out ) prevented further before bad brought an early . Former and , who played as a ' ' for in their against , is making his first since last , on a non-contract , .", ", 36 , was last seen at her in by her two at about 17:40 on 28 . She is described as about 5ft 5in tall , with collar-length black , brown and has a heavy , although her can fluctuate . had said they were trying to build a of 's , of which she kept \" quite private \" . When last seen , she was wearing a green or , dark or , and dark Karrimor-type . She also had a satchel-type . A said : \" There is a specialist combing the around where the missing was last seen , this includes in the of her last known . \" Speaking earlier this , , for , said : \" We are currently working with limited and whilst it does seem like this is quite an unusual missing , it is challenging . \" As we continue to try to piece together 's , we understand she kept a of her quite private so we 're trying to look into this in a more to see if this will help with our . \" We are working backwards to try to find out more about , so we 've been speaking to and to establish a clearer of her over the . \" The said that was a at in between 1996 and 1997 . He said he was keen to speak to who remembered her from then , and who might have been in with her over the .", "A for shows a on an underground surrounded by zombie-like in . Changing says the are \" insensitive \" because of the to worn by recovering from . says the are not targeting those with facial and instead show from \" fantasy \" . In one , a is shown in the of a of wearing similar to that of , the main of the The 13th . In a , chief , , said the of the - Avoid the - was \" disturbing \" . He wrote : \" It reinforces the harmful that who wear as of their and who have , are to be feared and avoided . \" Changing says originally agreed to take down the . In a to , a from the said : \" When we received a from , we pulled the as a of to the 's and undertook a of the . \" After this robust , we reinstated the as a of our in the creative , its clear to the fantasy and the that we are in no targeting or discriminating against with facial , or indeed any . \" The focus purely on the of the and in no any . \" from sustained to her and when the she was travelling in crashed in in 2013 . She 's been undergoing ever since . Speaking to , she said : \" Wearing my is why my looks ' normal ' and was one of the most important of my . \" This , suggesting in are ' makes me so angry . \" \" I remember when I first went out into the wearing my , and due to my I could n't see it , but my said almost turned and gawped . \" If that is then associated with being like a , as the suggests , it could have been far worse , with hurtful , rather than curious which is what I received . \" insists that the in its are \" commonplace in the of , , and . \" We wish to reiterate that there is absolutely no to offend at all . \" Follow @ on , on and on", "are being offered hot , , and during the \" open-house \" . The 's leading Muslim , the of the ( ) , seeks to distance from recent jihadist . The comes a after the in . Jihadist killed 17 at different , including the of the satirical and a kosher . Marking the of the , unveiled a on in to one of those who died , . also remembered the four Jewish killed at the . is still under a of after 's , carried out by linked to the , which killed 130 . of French are taking in the open-house , dubbed a \" brotherly of \" . \" The is to create a where can be together and meet normal Muslim and all of our fellow ,\" told . He said the wanted to use the of the to \" highlight the real of , to set straight the about to and \" .", "Total of , and have been increased , the Scottish said . of , and will be decreased in with long-term . between the and agreed the total allowable for would be 29,189 , 5 up on 2014 . The will give an additional 542 and Scottish around 343 . A 6 in the to 40,711 gives the an additional 3,468 and Scottish more than 2,500 extra . said : \" I am pleased there has been an in the of these key for next which is in with the recent scientific that the are in good . \" It is welcome the has been reached quickly this compared to the protracted last and will provide for the about in 2015 and avoids any to the of in the new . \" There is much to be done to prepare for the which starts to come into for white from 2016 . This will help these continue to rebuild next while also helping to minimise , and should provide a sound for establishing the following 's under the . \" We now look ahead to the crucial when we will be highlighting again that our need to retain the of they can go to as any would simply be counterproductive . \" said the were an \" excellent for the \" . He said : \" It sees getting a 5 in their for - the second successive in annual in two . The is an encouraging that we are achieving our ; a thriving with sustainable . \" The also saw a 7 in and 15 in . This is great for our ahead of vital next where I will be representing . \"", "The landed in a in on . were called to the , but found an empty . found the and his , of , , at the The , where they had walked after the . , the of the , said : \" A came in her with her . It was not until she ordered a ( non-alcoholic ) that she said she was a shaken up because she 'd just had a . I asked if she was OK and she had a little of a to her . Other than that she seemed OK . \" It 's not often you have where are able to walk away . \" An off alerted the of the 's . An said an and an went to the at about 16:30 . \" Both were found away from the and were checked over by the but did n't require any further ,\" she said . The has yet to comment .", "and have both recovered from and should be available at . was injured against on 20 but is said to be \" feeling very positive \" about his . However , uncapped has been ruled out after aggravating an existing . has the to cement his , provided he comes through 's . 's will start for 's if the is ruled out while 's has joined the as for the being . \" 's making good and he 's back on to train on ,\" said . \" I think is fine , he 's being very positive about it . \" has completed the on his and was expected to take full in 's . says remain unfazed by his 's latest for full . battled before the of the , with this proving yet another unwanted . labelled doubts \" for the \" in any , then tipped 's to thrive if pressed into from the in . \" We 're all so used to it now ,\" said , of general for . \" On a weekly , more often than not , there 's going in or out . \" picks up a or they 're not fully fit , so the does n't risk them . The is now , it 's for the . \" [ ] has been there all last running the . He 's more than equipped and he 's got a head-start . \"", "had said the was paid less than he actually was for wrongly confiscated by the . He also said of the - authorised by as - had been lost , but this was not so . The are a to the Liberal as it faces an . and are both from the conservative of the , which faces a from far-right in provincial this . The are also expected to place a on the 's with the , which has been very critical of and . The had claimed that a convicted , , was paid much less than the of 4.7 million Dutch - worth \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2.1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m ; $ 2.3m ) in current - that he in received . He also said that the of the had been lost . On , however , said a of the had been found . \" This could have been found earlier ,\" he told . \" I take full for this and have just now offered my to the . \" The was made after the were unable to prove that they had confiscated from had been obtained illegally . , who was a at the , had authorised the . The was not illegal . However , both said the had made their untenable , reports .", "are seven clear of , who move above by beating them 3-2 . extended their unbeaten to seven with a 0-0 at 's . won 2-1 away to , while beat to move off bottom . 's gave the against , but headed the . 's first of the temporarily gave his the , only for to convert another . 's put the back in , fired level again and 's left-foot in settled the . There was also late at , where moved into a two-goal through by and . headed back into the and then set up to equalise . The had on-loan sent off for a second and 's suffered the same . There was a further in the as fouled and converted the resulting . It was an early that gave the at , after had impeded . 's and 's turned the in 's in the first and fired 's clinching 15 from the . and netted either of 's as claimed their second consecutive over , with all three coming in the second .", "The 's said the involved was earmarked for . However , it added that the 's three for the were \" not deemed to meet with a of other \" . and , of the , had sought for the . The has been going through the for more than 10 . Among the 's for were that environmental had not been fully assessed . Rare red , and had been recorded in the . were also told the 's was unsuitable as an for the of proposed . , known for its 18th , has a of about 700 .", "on two at are suffering from the , which can pass quickly from to . The said the of the would be limited if made only absolutely necessary . and said it was asking to be \" sensible \" . Chief said : \" Many will have the at this of - we see it every and , for most , it will be unpleasant but not serious . \" But when spreads in , where are already unwell and are in close to each other on , the can be more serious . \" is a highly contagious which causes , and . The begin about 12 to 48 after and usually last for between 12 and 60 .", "\" The are now travelling to various for , just like getting a serviced ,\" said a . The \" low-risk \" begins in with \" high-risk \" starting in . The said they had to think about the upcoming even when it was \" boiling hot \" . The of more than 40 covers about 1,865 ( 3,000km ) of including all major and selected and . said the was stood down in but had to start again surprisingly soon . , from , said : \" The of is a busy , even when it is boiling hot we have to think about it . \" We have go out during the to make sure they know the , iron out any . \" The said it had about 35,000 of in and would expect to use about 25,000 in an average .", "The we work , play and live with is changing . In a special travels the meeting the of the and the working on them . From spending a in a to getting a , finds out how and why our with is changing , fast . Check out his first here ...", "Although had fallen out with and just before the 's she had been very close with the . She said she never suspected any during the she knew the . The were convicted of killing at his in 2014 . They had blamed another for the . said she would now change a \" forever \" , that she had done with the , so she would not have a daily of the . She said : \" I was shocked , totally shocked when happened . \" I looked out of my and I saw a of and I saw them standing in the shouting ' help ' . \" I did n't know what to do at the as we were n't talking . \" said she regretted that \" \" could be done now that was gone . said that when she went into the 's to feed their when they were on in there was \" out of \" to make her suspect the were doing . She said : \" They are going to be in for sometime but they do n't even deserve a in because they are still going to get paid for them and they are still going to get every of their . \" It 's not fair because they are going to come out and they are still going to have their own to lead and little , where is he ? Nowhere . \" He 's not got a . So it 's never going to be enough , never . \" She said there was she could have done to stop the as she was unaware there were any . The former also said she did not think social could have done any more to help the .", "has submitted the in a to cut its on imported . Due to its , the will be decided by the of instead of . The includes a gas-fired . 's 's began in 2009 and in this produced its second millionth of . The said generating its own and would help reduce its . The proposed new would replace existing . No have been raised about but an environmental is proposed . It would prevent generating and , which would constitute a to or to local or .", "Most were said to have relocated to in refitted but some moved their further inside the . want to clear the next to a for . have been overseeing the which seemed to be happening without . The is of a new in to improve in the , which is used by about 5,000 and . The 125 converted are equipped with , and , and each can accommodate 12 . had given between 1,000 and 1,500 until last to leave the , but they were reportedly given a until . But many and had refused to use the new and moved their temporary further inside the , despite poor . Many reportedly feared they could be permanently trapped at the new , unable to continue their to cross to the . Some also expressed their about leaving an where they have established a , and are concerned about their future by the . \" This ( the ) is the same as a . It is not good ,\" one told the . helped to move their from the in recent . French and British want to reduce the of in and deter from arriving in the of reaching the .", "said two teenage and a were taken to after being stabbed in between 18:22 and 18:31 on . As a , the 's temporary chief approved of additional to search . The \" robust \" was used for three to \" ensure had been fully restored \" , the said . A 17-year-old and an 18-year-old from were arrested , along with a 21-year-old from . said of those who were stabbed suffered life-threatening . \" This is a rare in any and we are using the full of legal at our to keep the overwhelming of safe , while making sure those intent on causing will be swiftly picked up and dealt with ,\" he said . \" We will be pursuing a vigorous to put all those we can find who are responsible for this detestable before the . \" The of 60 of the and 1994 gives the to search for dangerous and without the to have a reasonable . The were in in from 18:40 until 21:50 on . Read more on this and other on the said he supported the 's of the in this . \" Their swift in getting the 60 , which is a rarely used of , means they can stop without reasonable to check if they have a within a certain - I applaud the for doing that ,\" he said .", "The proposed would combine the second and third largest in the . is also buying , another , for $ 10.4bn . The combined three will serve and to 23.9 million in 41 . will pay about $ 55bn in and for , with the of the $ 78.7bn coming from 's . are facing stiff from online such as and , as increasingly choose to stream and over the at a of their . are responding by trying to cut and improve the of their . The new merged will compete with , which currently has about 27 million . 's comes a after abandoned its to buy fearing from . The latest is also likely to come under regulatory , and the ( ) quickly issued a . \" The reviews every on its and determines whether it would be in the public ,\" said . \" In applying the public , an of is not sufficient . The will look to see how American would benefit if the were to be approved . \" The merged would still be smaller than , which serves about a of , said of . \" One has to be sober about genuine that this could still be rejected ,\" he added . , which currently owns about a of , is expected to own about 20 of the new . The values at $ 195.71 per .", "The had planned to enter next as of a across to commemorate the 70th of Two . Polish had called the a \" \" . The , , has insisted the still intend to make the . \" remains the same . We 're starting as planned ,\" he told . The are subject to for alleged active in and for helping to recruit separatist for Russian-backed in eastern . 's foreign said it was \" outraged \" at 's . The planned through stirred such because of the 's close with and its of 's of and Russian-backed in eastern . They are viewed in as the \" 's \" . The after of the appeared earlier this many Polish illustrated the with a showing a sunglass-wearing , helmetless Russian riding an enormous three-wheeled with the in in 2010 . A entitled \" to the Russian through \" quickly garnered from more than 10,000 . The 's , a from , told me the were not but , some of whom had taken in the in eastern . Besides , he added , remembered the Soviet of . has been a strong of 's in . The Polish foreign said three other Russian would be allowed into the . But it said it was notified of the 's only on , and without of the or of . The added that it had informed the Russian in that the of meant \" it could not ensure proper for the \" . However , 's foreign said in a : \" It is clear that the that was taken has a political . \" The intend to cross several , following a taken by the in Two , with the of arriving in in for 9 in . The 6,000km ( 3,720 ) would take them through , , , the , and , before reaching .", "The had been in poor but made a double to inspire his 's after made 629-6 declared in . \" I believe I can be of greater as a fully focused and senior at this ,\" said . will lead in the third in , which starts on 14 . After his as to in 2014 , captained the one in 14 . He won four and drew six but came under during a 3-0 in . said he had considered quitting before the of the against , who won the first by 241 in last . Until his at , , a of 90 and 7,108 , had not hit a since 2014 . \" I honestly feel a of the that has faced in the last of is very harsh ,\" said . \" He is one of 's greatest . There has n't been enough shown of his as a . \" had raised about his in Test during the first because of his busy , and handed over to de for the second . The , who already leads the , said : \" It is an incredible to captain in any . The has obviously come at short and is the of a lifelong . \" At the my and is placed on leading this to what can be a memorable against . This is motivated and determined to turn our around and I 'm looking forward to taking up that as . \" was sad to learn of 's . \" You 're under as a for a of the ,\" said . \" It 's always sad when steps down because to captain your is a huge and a real . \" He 'll have his and I wish him all the best - he 's a really nice . \" chief said \" still had a huge to play in shaping the of our \" . He added : \" He is just that of a and we are very fortunate to have him in our . \" I want to thank for readily accepting the of rebuilding our as we seek to remain the best in the . \"", "were for quarterly of between 0.5 and 0.7 . Official also showed that boosted the quarterly . But told the the were \" well below \" . On an annual the expanded 2.3 , beating for 2.1 . Economic in the of 2014 was 2.9 . \" The [ gross domestic ] was far better than feared just a few ago ,\" said , who is chief with in . \" However , is still not out of the , as annual at 2.3 is well below , and a full 0.8 of the 0.9 came from higher and . \" He said domestic remained \" very weak with and only just offsetting the ongoing in \" . \" So the Australian has not crashed - as many had feared would happen after the of the - but it is continuing to grow at a ,\" he added . 's has been adjusting to a post . It saw its grow 0.5 in the to 2014 from the before , when was 0.4 . On , the 's central , the of ( ) , did not cut its further to help boost the , despite from to do so . The saw Australian fall 1.72 as saw little of a further in the near . However , from in said \" the of [ Australian ] on the of the not having an explicit easing ... was a of an \" . In , the cut its benchmark by 25 to an of 2 . Rising in 's biggest , , a strong and a in were among the for the . The was the second this , following a previous 25 in and followed similar from central in , , , and . A rising Australian had also been for , particularly for 's big and . said more would likely to be required \" in the of an even lower Australian - and to ensure this happens the may yet still have to cut further into record low . \"", "But the is in and , according to a new , its migratory may be to blame . have tagged leaving the and believe they take two different on their to spend the in . Surprisingly , is lower on the shorter via , they report in the , . And this suggests that - as well as other such as of and insect - may be to blame for the 's . More than of in the have been lost over the past 20 , according to the for ( ) in , which led the . \" That of starting in the same but taking two very different to get there has not been seen before in any , to the best of our ,\" said lead . \" We need to understand the full annual of a migratory in to understand its . \" about the common : / / Since 2011 , the has been satellite-tracking to study their when they leave the . Working with the of , the charitable used to track 42 male common from the during more than 50 . The found that from declining were more likely to migrate to in central along a western ( through ) than along an eastern ( via and the ) . The higher occurred before reaching the harsh of the , despite the that the western is about a shorter at this . The think may have encountered challenging in . Alternatively , they may have been deprived of such as hairy before leaving the , leaving them with lower for their hazardous . Migratory are increasingly threatened around the due to including , and . Migratory ' ' where occurs during their annual is therefore increasingly important , especially for long-distance migratory , which show some of the steepest , say the . Follow on .", ", 41 , moved to eight under at and to lead from 's . and , who was tied for the on , are a further back in . \" I made some great and the and has been better ,\" said . \" I 've just got to keep doing the same , do n't think too far ahead about winning as yet because it 's only two in . \" , who is looking for a fourth , carded five and just his first of the to take the . \" I 've been playing some nice and just not been able to put it all together , the first of here I 've been able to do that ,\" added the 256 . , who secured a rookie on the via the , had shared the overnight with , but the could only add a 73 to his opening 68 . He and 39-year-old , who is seeking his second of the , are joined in tied third by 's .", "There are currently five drop-in in for of the , which affects an estimated 200 million and worldwide . But there is no such medical in . Now is working to open a at the to provide medical and psychological to . In 2014-15 supported 788 affected by in which , according to the involves \" the partial or total of the female external or other to the female genital for non-medical \" . 's against said : \" In the there are 's for who have had , for medical and psychological . can just walk in and ask for . \" But in we do n't have any of that . We are trying to make a to that we need to have this of , even if it is initially for one a for a to see if there is a . \" believes there is a big in the provided , and that many of in are not known about . She said : \" I worked with a young recently - a of - who wanted medical as she was having . Although she wanted she was already in two about having done as she was going against her . \" We tried to get her from the in , but there were because she was outside the , so in the it did n't happen and she is still living with these now . \" The comes as the marks the international of zero to - a UN-sponsored to raise of the . Although it has been illegal to carry out in the since 1985 , there have been no successful relating to the , which is carried out for cultural and religious in certain .", "is based at the Born in the in . It comes ahead of a , which are at various of the , to open the 's first whisky since 1837 . said the to make the a \" of distilling \" was \" really exciting \" . \" Our is on a completely different to the other in ,\" she said . \" Our still is one of the smallest in the , and our entire fits into a , but if like our , that 's all that matters . \" We have a rich of wild on our in the , and aims to capture that and convey a true of the local and our ' '.\" , of in the , said the was a natural to the on the . \" To be able to play to the first new in the in nearly 200 is incredible ,\" he said . \" And the that are looking to use means they are completely in with our own of local . \" We just ca n't wait for them to get started , and to taste their . \" The takes its from a legendary . \" was the of the of in 1545 , fought just north of the ,\" explained . \" reputedly fought to avenge the of her at the of the . The is also known as 's . \" We wanted a that reflected our , and our strong female , and seemed like a natural . \"", "About of the former in , built in 1895 , has now been torn down in a of controlled . The on whether to erase it completely will be made by its and . Senior have said the at the Victorian , which was being converted into , was the most complex they had ever dealt with . So how much has the done to the 's architectural ? , of for and describes the as \" significant \" in of the social and economic of the . She says the was envisaged in the and was the only remaining one commissioned by himself . \" was an undeveloped before these were built , so it really showed the ,\" said . \" It was built just after was laid down and it was the up of , so that 's why it was so significant . \" built three in the , though they originally only needed one . It was used by the before began there in 1903 . Victorian featured high and large . Many of the 's original were demolished when the larger was built to meet the 's in in the . \" relocated because they could n't build anymore in as there was so much and that 's why there 's been a slow of these . \" The 's later took off through such as \" 's \" , which was registered in 1924 . 's of major such as , and in the last of the 20th also helped it become a . The One was sponsored by from the late until the . In 2009 , the and the of began an online of more than 20,000 from the 's . The include , and from the to the .", ", 20 , is charged with misdemeanour after the alleged last on , 19 , at . , who was sleeping at the of the , sought medical for serous facial . The accused could get 93 in and a $ 1,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 800 ) if convicted . 's legal told the his , who was charged on in , was innocent . \" This has been blown out of by the 's , who were not present and do n't have any of the ,\" told the . It is an meted out typically to new of the and 's social known as and , but also to military . The can include physical , sexual , forced , or degrading and dangerous \" \" such as forcing to eat or consume large of . It is illegal in most , amounting usually to a , unless there are serious . There has been a nationwide on after high-profile including that of & drumming . Why is so common ? was targeted at an off-campus , , which was sanctioned in 2011 for hazing . His , , wrote about the alleged in a viral in , saying : \" He could have been killed . \" The only told his what had happened afterwards . He blamed the for his to leave the . The 's , , told his could have been killed if the had entered his . The said their had made known to other of the that he had a severe , for which he carries . The of condemned the , saying it did not condone such . \" is appalled and upset by the taken by against ,\" said its .", "A social had proposed giving to for its 100th next . The between the two runs up the near its . But Norwegian said that sadly she had had to turn down the because the 's prohibited any of Norwegian . of is already in - and forms its current highest - but the is 20m ( 66ft ) across the inside Norwegian . had proposed moving the to give the , at 1,330m ( 4,363 ) , to , saying the would be barely visible on the . They had argued that the \" would be a wonderful to our \" to mark its from , and not a big to mountainous , which has much higher . The 's got 17,000 , with from both of the . But it hit upon an insurmountable legal . \" between raise challenging legal , among them linked to the Norwegian ,\" wrote to , the of the of in northern , who supported the . 's 1814 stipulates that the is \" indivisible \" - and apparently not even an the of a can be split off . \" We will instead consider another suitable to on its ,\" the prime added .", ", former of with no previous political , said in an he was \" stunned \" with the . \" I did n't want this . I did n't seek this ,\" he told the conservative ( ) during his recent to . \" My told me I 'm supposed to do this . \" In the wide-ranging , said he had been due to retire this after spending more than 40 at . He turns 65 on . \" I was going to go to the to be with my ,\" he added in the , as he returned to the from . said he had never met before his in . When he was invited for a with the then , he thought they would talk \" about the \" given his at the , he added . \" When he asked me at the of that to be of , I was stunned . \" then gave the to his , , who said : \" I told you 's not through with you . \" He added : \" My convinced me . She was right . I 'm supposed to do this . \" It was 's first since he took and say he has so far kept a low at the . He came under after the was not taken along with him on his to . The 's was the only allowed to travel with him . The said this was because of the of the . But in the said : \" I 'm not a big . I personally do n't need it . \" I understand it 's important to get the of what we 're doing out , but I also think there 's only a in getting the out when there 's to be done . \" has also been criticised for his close with Russian . But when the came up in the , the said : \" He was so cagey when came up , for , that his was n't even worthy of . \"", "were heading to when they hit a on the in on . As reported on the , they were approached by a who was late for her . said they wanted to know if she got to the on and to congratulate her . More from Despite posing for the with the - who appeared to be in decent even though her to her had been disrupted - it appeared of the had asked her what her was , where she was from or where she was going , said . \" had got out of the and was sitting at the of the in the blistering , when she wandered along and said ' , can I have a with you on my ?' . \" She was obviously as late as else and we 've no how long she kept the waiting at the , but we 'd dearly love to contact the and tell us who she is , as we think she brought us ,\" he said . The beat 1-0 when they eventually kicked off an later than planned . The remained partially closed until after the collapsed on after being hit by a carrying a . Two large cleared the from the which is the main to the . A suffered broken when he threw himself from his to avoid hitting the fallen but else was injured .", "The from was detained after arriving back in the on . It follows the of a 24-year-old and 20-year-old , both from , on 4 , who are on , said . It is not in connected with five on linked to in , the confirmed .", "It is hoped of three - each depicting one of the old - will be cast in and displayed at the in . The and said a \" substantial \" of the \u00c2 \u00a3 140,000 had been raised . A has now been launched to raise the remaining . , of the and , said the would also be a \" \" to the of those who served in the three disbanded , \" not only in the small during so-called but in the two devastating \" . , who served in the , completing three in , said the \" mean a \" . \" I 've been to the three and the of my that fell are engraved on the there , but it 's nice to have to compliment that and for the of the to see and ponder about ,\" he said . The will be created in , , before moving to the in - the 's national of .", "tried to rob a in 's , but left empty-handed after the shouted to her who also worked there . The in heard that 's \" very distinctive \" could be seen on the . The , from , will be sentenced in the new . It emerged had served a of lengthy for similar . He had only recently been released after being jailed for a in 2009 before the latest in .", "The , which are known as Scottish , were discovered by keen last . They were buried about eight beneath the on a near . believe they are of a larger of found by in the same in 2001 . The was probably dispersed over through . This was 's fourth at a . He said his was about \" knowing where to go \" and \" having a fair of where to look \" . \" There is more of finding where you know would have been living 1,000 ago ,\" he added . He said discovering long-buried was a \" euphoric \" . \" It 's not so much the , it 's the that you are the first to touch in 700 ,\" he said . \" I found a 3,000-year-old about 10 ago and it 's the that has been hidden for so long and then you get to see it and touch it . \" Former at the , , said the of was probably buried near a - a small . The who left them may have died before reclaiming them . He said like this are significant because they are specific to a particular and to this of . \" You find virtually like this in the of and they peter out in the ,\" he said . \" There have been a of these of in eastern . \" The will now be sent to the in for . It is thought they are probably worth between \u00c2 \u00a3 50 and \u00c2 \u00a3 100 each . They will be offered for and any is split between the and the of the where the was uncovered .", "had been with a of on the at on . said she was rescued from the of the by a of the . died in after suffering a cardiac . Her , , said she had lost her \" \" . has warned young \" not to take for granted , because it is dangerous \" . \" I 've lost my through it ,\" she said . \" She was stunning , she was my really , she was my . \" 's and have been paying their at , writing in the and leaving . A , a and were called to the at about 20:00 . was taken to in . Another old , and a and both aged 14 , were also taken to as a but were uninjured , said . issued a that \" can be taken unawares by the of the \" when it is dark and cold . \" should always be careful around and if the is looking rough with pounding on to the , we would advise to be particularly cautious and keep their ,\" he said . A who witnessed the said the had been \" absolutely freezing \" . said the was a popular for to congregate . \" It was minus , but once you get out on the it was just bitterly , bitterly cold ,\" she said .", "The was riding on with collided with a in on 8 . , 29 , originally from , escaped serious . Now he and the are to be charged with causing by reckless , said . - who lived in with - is to hear the formally on and a has been called in for the . His is expected to attend . , 41 , originally from , was a keen , as was . She had a called 's , on which she uploaded about nursing her until the of eight . After her paid to her in a he uploaded on . He said he \" missed her so much \" and added : \" wake me up from this ... she is meant to be having my in three . \" On he posted another titled ' When will I come back to ' , in which he stated he would not be posting any more for \" a \" and did not know when he would return online . He said : \" It 's not the right at the , I need to get my in and get through this . \" A said : \" We are in with the Thai and are providing consular to a British following a in . \"", "from , , was sentenced at the having been found guilty of . Her , 28 , and his , 29 , were found guilty of and jailed for with a minimum of 36 . targeted , 56 , in a in last . described the as \" pitiless and wicked \" , adding : \" It was quite simply an of which defies and . \" 's said she only took in the as she was in with and \" fell in with his \" and now \" deeply regretted \" her . \" Her was turned by , who she loved , and to some by who was persuasive and superficially charming ,\" he said . But said she had been \" deceitful from the \" and had \" lost her and \" when she got involved . He added that she clearly cared more for than he cared for her . , who posed under the of , was wined and dined by the divorced of three who boasted to he was not paying her to be with him , the heard earlier . On the he was killed , had taken to the upmarket before giving her \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 to gamble with at the nearby . The two were seen kissing passionately by a , before leaving the together for 's in . then let and into the 's before leaving in a . Both tied up with and a before kicking and stamping him to , the was told . Afterwards , while he lay dead in a of , all three were filmed on 's mobile throwing \u00c2 \u00a3 50 around a and even stuffing them in their . Commenting on the , told the three : \" The with which it speaks about you is deafening . \"", "will be joined on the 18 to by fellow . 's and are also named , plus 's . \" We are delighted to have such a strong travelling for our pre-season to the ,\" said assistant . have already confirmed new will be present , even though he could be involved in the with , only five before his leave . 's have a of four in the , starting against on 23 and including an against , 's new and .", "The , at , and , , are now running normally again . of the is believed to have paid the . And the are now being investigated by the . The had to shut down all of its and activate a . A on its said : \" is currently working in an internal of due to a that has limited our of electronic web-based . \" We are currently working to resolve this , until then we will have limited to web-based and electronic . \" It later said no or had been affected . , a for , which owns and , said : \" It did cause significant of our . \" However , most of the and the critical has been brought back online . \" The comes after it was revealed in had been attacked by . In that , it paid $ 17,000 to get to back . named the involved as , a new that encrypts , and and renames them with the . locky . The most common gets itself on is via a with an attached that looks like and advises to enable \" if the is incorrect \" . Once the is downloaded , it sends a to with about how can pay to have unlocked . In , a from 's said the of was expected to grow in 2016 . said : \" It 's a fair that as and mature , these will slowly become more targeted . \" I also worry that these more deliberate will take a more to discern how much the they 've encrypted is really worth , and precisely how much the might be willing to pay to get it back . \"", "is not supported on this Our is to inspire , empower and motivate our online in the of feeling . And we 'll be with you every of the as you enjoy and celebrate being YOU . We 're proud of all the that make us unique and we reckon that by embracing our we can make our own happier - and inspire else along the . We 'll be bringing you the very best in the of & , & and & to inspire you to enjoy this next exactly the you want . And we want you to share your with us too by tweeting , posting , sharing , snapping and chatting your through the next six . Stay tuned and join our ! On 27 , we 'll be getting up close and personal with 's with a BodyPositive of The with and , so what is it you want to talk about ? Perhaps you 've hidden about yourself for and are now ready to tell the . Maybe you 've got a even your and do n't know . The are , you 're not alone . We 've all got and now it 's to share them . We 're looking for real of how you 've overcome that embarrassed you , or maybe made you feel alone or awkward . It could be from a physical to a deep or a that perhaps you think just do n't understand . We 'll back your up with expert and enable you to share your with a of who are just like you . And maybe you 'll be the for else too . Drop us a with an of what you want to talk about along with your . We 'd love to hear from you . If you are 16 or 17 we may need parental to include .", "The Romanian , who had paid a of \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 900 ($ 950 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 770 ) , left the in as was due to be served , said . \" It happened in the of a ,\" he said . \" It was they had planned and they left in a . \" The owe \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2,000 more , he said . gave the on the but said he held out little of being repaid . told they had not yet been able to contact any of the . The had consumed , a main and 30 of various alcoholic , he said , adding that it was the first in 35 of working in the that he had seen seen comparable .", "There were 70 during the earlier this compared with 45 over the same last . said the , which involved chasing , had previously been under-reported . It said 60 of this 's were detected and the reported to the . Most of the reported were in , and and . were the most common affected . Other involved included and . In 79 of , were killed or injured , and on average this involved two or three per . Most - 70 - involved only one and in 73 of the offending was local to that , with more than of all involving a roaming free and where no was present . , 's rural , said the in followed a encouraging and to contact about worrying . She said : \" has previously been under-reported . \" were often reluctant to report to , particularly where there was a ' near and no physical was done to their . \" A significant of the was to get this out to and encourage them to report all and I think that this is reflected in the in reported . \" More accurate has improved our of the , increasing about the how , where and why these are occurring . \" , with and , said : \" We are very pleased with how successful this 's has been and we will continue to support the going forward . \" It is vital that worrying are reduced . \" wants to see this of completely unnecessary and the higher the of these the more , we hope , it will prompt the small of irresponsible to change their and ensure they know where their is at all . \"", ", 20 , is contracted long-term to , 's , and has been racing for in the second of this . He replaces , 29 , who has moved to , and will be alongside , 26 . \" Spending half a at has given me some valuable and I feel ready for this ,\" said . \" It 's I 've been working towards my whole and I intend to grab this with both . \" I want to say thank you to at and especially to for their and in me . I ca n't wait for 2017 and my first full racing in . \" joined for the at the of and has impressed increasingly as the has progressed . Both he and are contracted to . 's best for have been the 16th-placed he secured at the and at last 's . Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "A has found that some at in were not treating with \" and \" . Some had lost , with being raised that their nutritional were not being met . The said that in some , were being treated like \" \" . The said one lunchtime was \" chaotic \" and the for was \" very poor \" . It said and displayed poor of clinical . The called for significant , including . , managing of , said they were concentrating on reducing the of , increasing the of permanent and looking at raising in the they operated . The can provide for up to 55 older , and up to 10 with .", "19 2017 Last updated at 08:45 But what if your does n't understand what you 're saying ? Well , how about , if your understood a different altogether ? has been finding out about one who was having some .", ", 48 , of , , was stabbed to in the of the 's on 27 . , 20 , was convicted of , and , 30 , and , 30 were convicted of at . , 21 , previously admitted the and the four will be sentenced in . , and , all from , denied murdering . They also denied maliciously wounding and - who were in the same as - with to inflict grievous bodily . and were also stabbed in the , but their were less severe . was found guilty of one of , but and were cleared of those . remanded all three in until , which she said would take over three . The heard the was the of a which had erupted between two rival over the of the in . , , told the , a of two , was \" repeatedly and fatally stabbed \" by the three and as he sat in the passenger of a in the . He was stabbed 22 in less than a . The four were of the \" \" , sometimes called \" 's \" , said . , and were of \" 's \" , or \" 's \" - although it was not suggested was the . \" The fatal appears to have been an of on the of the and ,\" said . were shown of a white near The of on the of 27 which showed the white being stopped by a black . of \" stab him \" and \" kill him \" could be heard . The said the was for an earlier when and were said to have been chased by masked armed while in the .", ", 25 , was dismissed in the 87th of 2-1 by on , 14 . The denied the , which was upheld by an independent regulatory . were fined \u00a3 5,000 for their to the . He has already missed one as of the , with 's against also included , leaving him with two further to serve .", "The is eligible to face on . Former has made 27 for this . \" is a good young that we potentially feel is a ,\" assistant told . \" He has gained some good . \"", "The lost both cheaply , as was caught off the of , and edged to . But and 's 279-run put firmly on , before edged to slip for 147 . remained unbeaten at the on 128 alongside ( 28 ) as finished the on 342-3 . 's third-wicket leaves them in strong to claim their first in the this , having drawn all six of their so far . , his first of the , came off 200 , taking the former beyond 13,000 first-class in his . was more aggressive in dismantling 's , hitting 17 and two before getting dismissed attempting to drive a . The could take few from their , but they will remain hopeful of salvaging a from the , with poor for 's third .", "have decided to withdraw for to help reduce . ( ) said the could save the of per . however said it was \" like taking from a \" as her seven-month-old depended on it . is consulting about withdrawing too and the runs until 3 . It said : \" It is proposed that no longer provide soya-based , thickened infant or for lactose on as these are now widely available to buy from and at a similar to standard infant . \" who might be affected include those with 's and gastro-oesophageal , it warned , but it calculated this would provide a of \u00a3 386,000 per . Standard costs about \u00a3 10 for a 's and is available in and . , a 33-year-old primary and , said had a for the specialist that would otherwise cost \u00a3 40 online for one that would feed him for about two and . She said : \" The are about half the of normal so it works out at eight the . \" \" We have n't got a of . This is not me being fussy , but it 's like taking from a \" , she said . \" We went to & twice before he [ ] was diagnosed with this at about four . He was screaming in all the . He arched his and started refusing . Now he 's a normal . I do n't ever want to go back to that again . \" An online calling on the to reverse its has attracted more than 6,000 and , such as and , expressed their and urged a . , of said : \" We share the 's and we will do what we can to reduce the on the most vulnerable in our and to make sure is there for those with the greatest clinical . \" He said the would cease in the coming and would be given of the before the took . \" These are very difficult but we need to focus our limited where we can have the biggest on 's and ,\" he added .", ", 24 , has acute but her makes the hard as not many South Asian are on . She launched a social to help find a . said 5,600 have signed up in the last . \" The of 's has been short of incredible ,\" said , of , at the . \" But still needs to find her and there are just like her all across the who are still waiting . \" We need to continue to diversify the so we can find a for all . \" was diagnosed with the aggressive of after falling ill just after returning for her final as an at . She started feeling unwell with severe and a , while she had a in her , so she went to her for . She underwent in before being well enough to be transferred to a in , where she is from . After her third of , felt better and thought she had beaten her . But further showed the was still in her and told her the best was a from a , which is needed in the next two . Speaking to 's said she is grateful for all the . \" I would just like to say thank you so much to who has registered so far and please , please do carry on registering because you can save my and you can also save so many other 's . \" Please spread the and help me to save my . \"", ", who is three , was born with caudal , meaning that of a had developed in her . Australian spent working out how to remove the extra and reconstruct her . The was brought to from her in by a , . , of at 's in , said 's was very rare and the had been \" daunting \" . \" The is sort of determined by the and you have to spend a of trying to analyse what 's there and then plan a that takes that into ,\" he told the . The Australian held extensive with in , who had already performed some . The had to determine whether further was even possible or beneficial before she was brought to last . in had removed of the \" but she was still left with a large sitting there in her between her two normal \" , said . \" Because there 's of a in there , she had two , two , potentially two - double that were growing into a very abnormal . \" After a lengthy , the embarked on the in . They removed the of the that was left behind and carried out to ensure the little was - that will help her to function much better back at . said the , who is partially blind , was now walking and running around , and had put on . He said she might need further corrective during her teenage but would be able to return home to with her \" without or surgical \" . Her , , told Australian on she was looking forward to going home to her and watching her play . \" is good now\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she can play like other \u20ac\u00a6 she is the same [ as them ],\" she said .", "The , believed to be a Polish , was found badly injured in the early of at in . He later died at . A 24-year-old was arrested on and has now been charged . He is expected to appear at on . have not named the as they have not been able to formally identify him .", "The started at about 10:00 in the on in , which contains about 30 . The and said several had been rescued and evacuated from the burning . said a had been found within the . An was under at the . , of 's , said : \" We were alerted to an this at an . \" Unfortunately the has resulted in the of an and our are with their and at this sad . \" A said : \" in are investigating following a fatal at an in , . \" The happened around on , 16 , when a was reported . and attended , however a was found within the . \" are currently undertaking a joint of the with the and . A will be sent the . \"", "The rejoined the in 2016 and was ever-present as they won to Two last . He made 144 in his first with the before spending the 2015-16 with . has signed and and as they prepare for their first in the .", "The 58-year-old from won 144 out of a possible 278 and was 98 ahead of his nearest and . will take over from current in 2018 . \" is the for the next 12 so I 'll support him and learn from him as best I can ,\" said at . The other for the were with 22 while 20 went to . This 's annual will be dominated by new in and . The put forward by include completing the by the of . Also included is a new for the , which would mean more . This has proved particularly controversial in recent . Both the and recently formed have come out against 's , although not necessarily for the same . Ostensibly , the main for these mooted is to try and ensure more regular for but there is a certain of as to how this can be squared with the to have a round-robin in the . The new has been angered after the 's top refused to grant it a speaking at the . However , that may change at further annual of if a for the to be officially recognised is passed in . All the are that the on both the so-called new ' ' and the to bring forward the will be exceptionally close , with a two-thirds' required for the to be tried for a three-year . To make even complicated , will also hear a of calls from the two-thirds to be scrapped , with one a simple and another calling for the to be lowered to 60 . Inevitably , those will require a two-thirds to be passed . Going into the , 's for to be scrapped - in of - in all provincial and looks likely to be comfortably passed . At last 's , to move to earlier in the and were both defeated , although the fell narrowly short after getting from 60.8 of .", "The have been linked with another to land the , having had rejected earlier this . watched in friendly against on . \" A of continue to say a of , and that 's it really , there is n't a ,\" said . \" is happy , he is focused , he is training well , playing well . Like really . \" , 24 , has turned down the to sign a new , with his current expiring next . And while refused to comment on suggesting the have improved their to the , the is relaxed about the 's . \" I talk to almost every , even on off , because he is a I 'm fond of ,\" said ahead of his 's to face in the on . \" He is a big , he is who at a will move on to a bigger , a bigger and have to work towards the top of the . Of that there is no . \" And I 'm very happy to be playing a in how he progresses towards that . \" But , for now , are just wasting their . \" made his in the 2011-12 and has scored a of 41 in 135 for the .", "The , 25 , led 6-5 before racing to and the \u00a3 60,000 first with five consecutive . \" This is a really big to win and a difficult too , so I 'll enjoy this ,\" said the one . defeated at the quarter-final and whitewashed in the last four . But the colourful from in was unable to clinch his first , losing to , who also beat him in the 2014 . \" It 's been a long and I think I ran out of in the final , and was too good ,\" said . \" I 'm really pleased to have got to the final though and I 'm getting closer to a big . \"", "The has been released by & after they fell short in their for . \" Maybe if I drop down a , I 'll not feature , but it 's , buts and maybes ,\" the said of his international . \" It is up to me to keep fit and keep playing and see where it takes me . \" , who won his 11th after starting in 's 3-0 by in , has no where he will be playing when start their against in . \" Hopefully I 'll get and I 'll be fit and ready for the ,\" said the who did not win his first until he turned 32 . \" I am open to . I would like with a good where are pushing for . \" had spent six at after leaving but found himself out of 's starting after . led to a for their final of the against , when a 1-1 denied automatic , and he retained his for the by . The lengthy meant he was thankful for more against despite being on the receiving of a heavy . \" It was very tough ,\" said the former , , and . \" They are a very good , got a of good and we found it difficult at . \" But it was good to go out there and get 90 against some of the top in the , so it was interesting . \" had lost 1-0 to six earlier and failed to fire a on in either of the two against preparing for the 2016 in . was not one of those questioning the to play two very strong at the of a long domestic . \" Ultimately , as a , you want to be playing out there against some of the best in a great because that 's what you train for all ,\" he stressed . \" We 've got some talented coming through and I think it was really worthwhile for them as well . \" are obviously at a different of their going into the and 's playing for . \" We went out there and gave it , but we just fell short against a fantastic . \"", "Born , he became for in 1962 when he won a with a huge 22 from the . He held the for eight , moving to the in 1971 when he inherited the of . paid to a \" true \" , \" great \" and \" committed \" . : said the , who had been suffering from , would \" be remembered as much for his unyielding to fighting for Liberal as his sensational \" . \" He campaigned to lower the , founded the parliamentary human and fought for the of and , taking up the of of fleeing . \" He was a committed , regularly promoting human around the . The have lost a great , a great and a true of the Liberal . \" A , was the of , which promotes the and of in British . He also campaigned on of secular , fighting to remove mandatory daily in maintained . In 2009 , the named the of the , jointly with , for his on of in and . His on the says he also \" sought and won \" a with the senior parliamentary known as to keep the to park against the of the of . , of the , said had supported countless human . \" His of foreign , particularly of remote of the developing , was second to . The weak and oppressed in these have lost a true . \" I have lost a very close . The has lost a human . \"", "Two were attacked in in , , at about 23:00 on 14 . Last , released of two they want to speak to in with their . Both are described as white and aged 25 to 35 . The first is 8in tall with , and the other is 2in with shaved , reddish . said the may be able to assist them with their . with any about the or who recognises those shown in the has been urged to contact the .", "The 's \" \" is against to cut the of to save \u00c2 \u00a3 8m . said more than 500 were \" definitely seen and heard \" when they took in the through on . had been invited to join the after saying he was \" disappointed \" by the . The has said it will continue to support the most vulnerable in . Under the , the would replace 44 existing with eight \" and \" located in the neediest of . The wrote to last calling it \" counter-productive \" and urging the to \" move cautiously in setting out its \" . In his , said the 's from had fallen and that it had already made . Ahead of the , , on of the , wrote an open to saying : \" We welcome your to help protect these , however perhaps like us you are rapidly losing in . \" \" Please join us in the ,\" her urged . \" ca n't plead not guilty . Let 's be clear , he is not just a local , he is the prime . \" It 's just not good enough ... . we cannot keep and watch the 44 's in be closed down ,\" she said . When asked to comment on the open , a said : \" There is still significant for sensible across local to be made by back-office , disposing of surplus and joining up our local public . \" The continues to work with to help deliver these and protect . \"", "A 59-year-old from received \u00a3 185,000 after she slipped a in her after she was knocked to the by two unruly . A of in was given \u00a3 100,000 when the he sat on collapsed . The said it had won \u00a3 16,077,328 for last . A for said : \" are responsible for the and of and whether the local , governing or , and they must adhere to the and 1974 . \" also received smaller over in the , including a \u00a3 55,000 for a female of in who tripped on a in the of her . She was later diagnosed with chronic . general said many of the would be reduced if \" took the of seriously \" and followed good and . She said : \" The of is , and blighted and of of public spent in . \" Unfortunately , there is no for to take and seriously when they witness the cutting for and failing to take to secure with the . \" to respect the of and to comply with is also prevalent . \" flout the , but it 's the and the who pay the . \" While is important , it can never make up for the that suffer permanent physical and mental and often cannot continue in their chosen . \" Separate from the , which keeps its overall private , said there were two of personal paid to its last . One included a \u00a3 46,000 to a who suffered \" severe psychological \" following \" a sustained of and by senior \" . Another was awarded just under \u00a3 4,500 after she fractured a on a defective , causing her long-term and a . The said it offered legal in 130 last , including 71 involving criminal and 57 in .", ", 36 , left his at the after only 43 . The former arrived at several into the having helped coach . \" It 's kicked us quite hard because this has been about planning and waiting for to arrive ,\" said . was named with new-look in acrimonious last , with describing the as \" unprofessional \" in their of the . was during 's under before taking over as himself from 2004-06 . And , while he is unimpressed by the of 's , he is certain have made an astute . \" I was delighted to have signed and I certainly hoped he would be here for longer than 43 ,\" told . \" He is a and he will be a for and I wish him all the best . I know the will enjoy working with him . \" I 'm disappointed in the of how it 's happened and why it 's happened but legally I ca n't say too much and we have to move forward . \" , who has also coached , says he will not rush into appointing a and has urged his to handle the of 's . \" It 's down to the to step up collectively over the next four for us to achieve what we want to achieve ,\" he said . \" We have to focus on the next of , with tough coming up against and . There is a to be done over the next few . \"", "fell 2.1 compared with , 's reported , while rose 1.5 . Meanwhile , fell by 0.1 from as fell and decreased . The latest follows weak industrial this . \" are certainly not rosy ,\" said . \" The geopolitical , especially the and the related economic , is limiting ,\" On a seasonally adjusted , the 's shrank to \u20ac 17.7bn (\u00a3 13.9bn ) in . exported worth around \u20ac 95.8bn and imported valued at \u20ac 78.0bn in the . In , 's economic said the 's was \" progressing at a slow . \" This is a disappointing of German . It pours cold on that the 's traditional economic will drag its out of the in the near . The do n't necessarily point to a renewed in the German . But they are consistent with no significant from the feeble 0.1 that recorded in the third of last , following a of the same in the previous three . There were also in French and Spanish industrial , adding another of to the . These provide a little extra to the that the will embark soon on a major of quantitative - buying financial notably with newly created .", ", 44 , saw the go up in a and come down again as it crashed onto the on 22 . \" This is an for the because they did a marvellous on the . They 're all ,\" said . Eleven , ranging in from 23 to 76 , were killed . \" We plan for these of , we hope it never happens , unfortunately it did , but the worked really well ,\" the first for and added . The worked alongside the first on the , providing first to the wounded . , from , near in , said : \" Unfortunately we could n't help all the that were there , but the 15 , [ or ] 20 that walked into us we dealt with . \" We then fed them onto the for onto . \" The crashed in of a 20,000-strong , and said they then went on to help those in who had witnessed it . Recalling the , he said : \" I remember thinking ' he 's very low ' , and then a of and went up . \" Strangely , though , I do n't remember any loud or . I turned to and said ' you need to put out a now ' . \" At that our major kicked in . A means there has been a significant affecting the . \" said he was very proud to have been recognised in the 's . \" In my 34 [ in the ] I 've never expected like this . \" Mind you I never expected to walk into that on that . It 's very much for the whole . \"", "They said this will amount to double the of created each - currently about 28,000 . All are promising to create more or equivalent to get down . highlighted its to create 100,000 additional . The said they would fund their by moving from , the 's existing . , the for , said : \" Providing high-quality is vital to boosting our and helping to build and get on in . \" 's own said that locked into low and that 73 would 've found without it . \" We all know this is a , but refuses to face the . \" The would instead invest in and , which will actually give young professional and help them get on in . \" On 's , said already had \" one of the best in \" on . \" This is the next to ensuring that we have the that like and the , will demand ,\" she said . \" That is why so many within are so enthusiastic about this . \" has promised to created 50,000 new , while the say they will lift the current 16-24 on the . It helps employ for six by covering the of the minimum . The aim to replace it with a called to , open to all , with lasting for a . say they back industry-supported , along with more vocational in post-14 .", "The said in an emailed it was important to retain to the 's free \" of , and \" . It was too early to \" draw any firm regarding the long-term for the \" . But said that it would \" take whatever are appropriate \" . Last , chief told the - ahead of the - that risked from for a giant new single in digital if it left the . said in the to several that , including the free of , had helped drive its . The employs 13,000 in the . It has an at , , but the are in . said that 55 of in the last financial came from its European , with the providing just 11 . The is also to start reporting its financial in , rather than . said the single legal spanning all , as well as of , and , were \" integral to the of any pan-European \" . The said : \" It remains unclear at this how many of those positive will remain in once the of the 's from the has been completed ,\" it said . said it would strengthen its regulatory and public in \" to ensure the 's substantial within the continue to be represented appropriately \" . is the seventh largest listed on the 100 , with in 26 . It employs 108,000 outside the . Other have expressed at the to leave the and the of not being of the European single . hosted a of on to discuss the . said : \" The biggest raised was the to secure continued to the single . While I am not in any to make , I assured that my one will be just that in the to come ,\" he told a after the . After the , the of the said the was \" a long off \" having a . \" There are very high of real and genuine in the ,\" told .", "was sentenced to almost three in for downloading indecent of , sharing them and sending offensive . The admitted carrying out the between 2007 and 2016 at his in . He was also given a two-year , which means he will be monitored after being released from . heard how , who has previous for hoarding indecent of and sexually assaulting a young , chatted to on and using a fake . He talked about sexually abusing and raping a . The , who is also known as , was found to have a of indecent and - including of and up to the of 14 being sexually abused . said was the of repeated sexual when he was a . \" Clearly there are which would require to be addressed in the public to minimise and reduce the of further ,\" he said . He asked for to be spared and said he would engage with a for . However , ruled that a custodial was required for such a \" disturbing \" and jailed him for 35 He was also placed on the for .", "A lodged a with the 's for after the last . He said he had been wrongfully arrested and that his had been unlawfully searched . The said his was \" hysterical \" at finding in the . He was taken inside his and arrested in with a which had happened the previous , before being taken into at a . The was later released when realised he was not the they were looking for . When a examined , he found that the lay with an incorrectly recorded of in a provided to the who organised the . The who compiled the had recorded the and of another of the same , but had mistakenly added the 's of . The who co-ordinated the said she had checked the in the , but found of that living at the . She then searched for a more up-to-date using the 's and of , which resulted in his and being searched . The who recorded the wrong of admitted his and \" apologised to the and his for the and which resulted \" . It said \" later tracked down the right , who was subsequently arrested \" . The said \" the had unfortunate for the and his \" . They said they had \" recommended that the should receive a disciplinary , and that has since been imposed by the \" .", "The French , seeded seventh , beat Russian fifth and 6-3 2-6 6-4 . and claimed their first having only teamed up this with a of playing at the . They have now won in , , and . Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "is not supported on this led 13-12 at the but 's with five remaining edged it for the . and plus joined of injured during the . \" We do n't want to make any . won ... and we were n't good enough to win ,\" said . \" At the of the did what do . They got one and they took it and that was the . \" lost a of front-line in , and to long-term before the began . Two more - and - were then forced out of in the opening two against and , with joining them . then lost the versatile - a or - during their punishing final against . is not supported on this went off the after a to the just before the which led to 's . The remonstrated with medical and , but backed the . \" That 's a medical ,\" he said . \" They took him off the for a ; it looked like he 'd got a of a , he looked unsteady on his . \" He obviously felt that he was OK , but we support our medical 100 so there 's no on that from the . \" ' We knew it was going to come down to fine ,\" said a \" proud \" , who lamented what he felt was a premature to the . \" It 's a quiet changing - it 's hard to find the , it 's all so raw ,\" he said . \" It feels premature with two of the left . We 've been together since and all those gruelling \u2026 it 's over , done and dusted . \" praised the who had come in to replace the , saying : \" The who 've stepped in have done a fantastic . This could be the last for many of us , but we go out with no . \" was sent off in 9-8 by in 2011 , and after this latest said : \" Hopefully I will be around when one of these tight goes our . \"", "The is in with to win for an additional . One of the is for living close to the . 's said : \" These would mean takes on the main of building the new . \" The is currently considering three for expanding in and is due to publish its in the . These are a third at , lengthening an existing at or a second at . has \" guaranteed \" the would be privately funded with no for public , that would be capped and it would bear the main of the . It has also promised to compensate by \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 towards if they are affected by significant of , and said it would ensure that always were always met .", ", 25 , had been training with the and impressed in against and . The Angola-born has spent much of his in the Dutch with such as and , plus in and . \" We 've seen enough to know that he adds different to the ,\" said of . He told the : \" This is a for him to show what he can do . \" Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "The spent two at between 2006 and 2008 . The former , and , scored 11 for last as they won from . , who has not featured for the since 29 , goes straight into the for 's to . remain of the following their 5-1 at by", ", 23 , from , was among a of 10 who stripped before taking at the of on 30 . She admitted public along with three other western , one Dutch and two , and was imprisoned for three . All four have now left the . , the of the Malaysian , told the left for at 17:35 local ( 10:35 ) on . The other three , Dutch , 23 , and Canadian , 23 , and , 22 , left earlier on for . , whose was back-dated to reflect already served , was also fined 5,000 Malaysian ( \u00c2 \u00a3 860 /$ 1,330 ) on . She and her all admitted a of \" committing an obscene in \" . , who is from the of , said she had been \" stupid and disrespectful \" . said the four , along with six , climbed the to enjoy the on 30 and then challenged each other to take off their and pose for . The caused widespread in the and was regarded as the of a 5.9 near the , which is considered sacred . The , on 5 , killed 18 , including , and left more stranded . chief blamed it on the showing \" to the sacred \" .", "stole a 5m ( ) - complete with - at some over the . Earlier this , intended for an open , including two , and were stolen . Last , a to the of who served in during was damaged by . of the said it was \" extremely frustrating \" . She said : \" I had great in the human , but it has been somewhat diminished - I do n't understand why would want to target a . \" More on this and other from across The is to honour the with , and from and . The - set to open in - still needs \u00c2 \u00a3 2m in and are being held to raise the . 125,000 served in in Two 364,514 operational flown 55,573 killed in 25,611 killed flying from 70 of were killed , taken or injured said were being hampered by the . She said : \" Whether it was done as high , or whether there is a for second-hand , I just do n't know . \" The is the made by these [ ] allows for the whoever is doing this has got . \" have launched a in a to get further from the to complete the .", "The had been expected after the new paid & unpaid it was due when he bought the last . \" This is a very positive as we move forward ,\" said . \" We can now focus on our of the and developing the future . \" On , the brought by was adjourned to 11 for a to be made between and the . purchased the from on and became executive of the . and the have a of in over a \u00a3 10.25m to the for at , which would would see the wiped out , with the acquiring near for in . Despite the off the , the are currently in the Two automatic .", "On , of Chinese solar were suspended after falling 47 , wiping out $ 18.6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 11.9bn ) from its . That was followed by of , which fell 55 on . Both had seen the of their surge over the past . of , which is 70 owned by , have jumped by more than 400 between 2014 and this , according to . The had said that it was not aware of the behind the big in its . About of 's - $ 16.12bn - was erased on as fell . Meanwhile , had risen five-fold since before the began . The , controlled by Chinese , had issued a to the on saying its had been halted from \" pending the of an containing inside \" . has been considered one of 's richest on the of his in . , at said he had noticed the dramatic in 's right away because it had \" scratching their \" . \" The was very quick to call a to the , but without any , there is of and potentially for further to the if the is lifted ,\" he said . \" Even after the though , 's are basically twice as expensive as some of the in that . \" , chief of The backed the that were overvalued . \" is involved in the much-hyped . are paying $ 50 for every of the makes ,\" he said . \" When overtakes , eventually wins . The is experiencing a of . \" There has been as to the why the Chinese halted , with citing an unnamed as saying the is under by . 's and ( ) has declined to make a . Local also said that , of the , did not attend the 's annual general in on .", "The appeared to show the on during a in at the in western . at the said they imposed a preliminary because \" the flouted the \" . to the are not allowed to leave their . 's were posted after warned of the involved in taking with , following a of . say they will submit a final to their soon . , chief in , told they \" had instituted a and called for a ... but since he was not available , his gave a written on his \" and paid the for him . , 27 , was of 's for the recent . A posted on 's showed the pointing to a of behind him , with the , \" , having good in ( ) # # \" . A second posted to the 's showed him and his , , with a looking on in the . The national at is the only where Asiatic remain in the . The , which are slightly smaller than African , were listed as endangered in 2008 .", ", 43 , was accused of attacking the two , aged 12 and 13 , in , last . He had been in at in south-east . found unresponsive in his on and , despite to revive him , he was pronounced dead . A said : \" was found unresponsive in his on 19 . attempted but pronounced him dead at . \" As with all in there will be an by the independent and . \" , who was also charged with and in relating to the of a , had been due to appear at on .", "The analysed seen or to be shown between 2016 and 2017 and counted 278 regular and recurring . The of transgender has risen from seven to 16 this . But bemoaned the that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female died or were killed off . They include the and , who met violent in is the and respectively . The also found a record high of black on , mostly to like , and How to Get Away with . 's Where We Are on based its on scripted , and already being shown or for which had been confirmed . 's said it was \" heartening to see being made \" but said were \" only of the \" . Follow us on @ , on at , or if you have a @ bbc.co.uk .", "The was called after was convicted of electoral and removed from in . He has been banned from standing again . The said it was investigating 16 of electoral in to this , including harvesting and the improper of . The full of mayoral is :", "signed for until the of the on , having left in . The played for between 2009 and 2013 , before leaving to join . \" I 'm not fit because I 've had some off , but mentally I 'm in the best I 've ever been ,\" he said . \" Physically I 've got a of to do but you can get through if you 're mentally right . There 's some hard to do , I 'm aware of that , but I 'm looking forward to it . \" also praised the ( ) for the they offer who are struggling with mental health-related . \" It 's massive and it 's a to the that they touch on it because a of the struggle with it ,\" said . \" should be aware of it because a of us have to go through a of and we put on this that we 're OK . It 's not that like talking openly about because you feel weak and vulnerable . \" But really we go home and we feel alone . It 's good to get the out there that it does happen in our , a of do suffer from . \" When you are in that dark , you feel weak and vulnerable , you just have a of down and it 's not nice . But when you come through it , it 's an unbelievable . You feel strong . \"", "'s 2008 's 4x400m moved up from fourth to third after 's failed a when his was retested . It had been suggested the could take at the in in . But next 's also take at 's . A is yet to be made on when and , and will receive their . , 30 , told 5 live : \" I do n't want to be distracted . I need to go to the and focus on that , so if we could get it done at the , I 'd love that . \" There 's no of getting back to and doing it that , but if we can go to an and be in of a British , that would be amazing . \" But whatever happens , whenever it happens , I just ca n't wait to get on that . \" The has reallocated from after and and tested positive for banned . 's 's 4x400m have also moved into the . , , and finished the fifth but have moved up to third as a of both third-placed and fourth-placed being disqualified due to subsequent failed . The 's are in the of the and but an is still to be made on where they will be awarded . They could be presented at next 's , or at the in in . But , as the is an , the would have to give for any to take as fall under their . does not have of for the 's yet as legal are ongoing regarding in their . , , and are among those waiting to receive and they were denied by . has told the she would be \" gutted \" if she did not receive her at the this .", "with a in a called tend to drink fewer of , a carried out at the of has found . It suggests the reduces to break down . This causes it to stay in the for longer and means those with the get the same hit through less . One working on the said it suggests the \" to drink may be embedded in our \" . The studied the of 370 living in a small in southern and 843 from six in north-east . The were asked to complete a including a about how many of they drank each . The found with the tended to consume fewer of than without the - equivalent to one fewer daily on average . replicated the in a of 1,731 from the . The was similar but the of the on the of of consumed was slightly lower . The said the could be down to the different of drunk in the two . In , tend to drink smaller such as whereas in the the is towards larger which contain more overall . , a 's at the of , said : \" The of our add to existing suggesting that our to drink may be embedded in our . \" We need to do larger to confirm the and also to clarify the biological between and . \" The is published in the and was conducted at the of and , the in , the and , a based in , the .", "Its approved the of a formal , which he has to accept before ascending to the . The deeply revered died on 13 , plunging into . The was widely expected to succeed his , but had earlier said he wanted to postpone it by at least a . The official given was that he wanted to give the Thai to mourn his before he became . say was left in an odd constitutional as the , the undisputed , should have succeeded his immediately . In the past have been expressed by senior over how the can perform the played by his for 70 . The occupies a pivotal in 's political . had been seen as a unifying amid of political , including during the most recent military in 2014 . The of 's , the , is expected to meet the in the next few to formally invite him . Once the accepts , his would then be announced to the . But it is still not clear when that will happen . Former is currently standing in as . has rarely had what might be called routine royal . The last was 70 ago , when the young was found shot dead in his in still unexplained . When he died , an of that named his grief-stricken . Despite private over the of his popular , has been the undisputed to the since his formal in 1972 . follows the of , where the should pass to the eldest of the reigning , but it also gives the the to name his own . never wavered in his of the . But the 's unexpected to delay taking the has made this yet another which has departed from the . His real are not known ; public for his would not have been affected had he been anointed immediately after his 's .", "The had been considering putting his forward after ruled himself out . is the only so far to declare an and has the of a of the 's most senior elected . to become the next of the later on . announced in that he was standing down as . On , said she was \" very humbled \" by the she has received from . thought long and hard about his and spoke to among , and . In the he felt it would be in the best of the that he did not put his forward . He felt he wanted to make sure there was a smooth and that means almost certainly now that will be the new and the new first at . She said she looked forward to leading the , if that was the 's . said she had hoped to work with as a . \" We will still hopefully work together as a and that is certainly my for the ,\" she said . In a on , said he had \" received a valid \" from for the of . \" 's was submitted with the of over 75 of those entitled to vote in the electoral ,\" he added .", "made the after being called to the in at 14:58 . They are treating the as \" unexplained \" . The said would be closed to and for a \" of \" between The and . are appealing for from the .", "was fined $ 3m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.9m ) , the of said . The has restricted nuclear-related to since the 's of a nuclear in 1998 . It marks the first a Chinese has admitted in a criminal . admitted to that it conspired to ship the through to 's in 2006 and 2007 . was building the as of a nuclear signed between and . A Chinese of the that made the , , pleaded guilty in the same in 2010 .", "We already know is rebooting the , with and leading a female-fronted . But the of the original has suggested it will only be the of a whole new . has told that he wants to \" expand the \" . According to him , that will include \" different , , ... all that are of modern filmed \" . is confirmed but is one of the rumoured to be up for a . 's is due out in 2016 with 's and joining and . Now , , along with and original , are thought to be setting up a which would oversee the . suggests that the , who directed : The , would direct what would then be a fourth . The would be , who wrote 3 and 5 . Quoted by , said : \" 's will be the first of that . He 's got four of the funniest in the , and there will be other to come . \" ( ) will start writing and the is to be ready for the next next to shoot , with the coming out the following . It 's just the of what I hope will be a of wonderful . \" If does go down that , then it would be similar to the has set out a whole of interconnecting . Follow @ on , on and on", "is doing in the and and building a new at . The will run from until 15 . They will allow new to run on the , including new . For the of the , those travelling between and should note : For those travelling to and from south during the from 26 to 28 : During the from 23-24 until 18-19 , there will be further affecting and . are advised to check their .", "say 540,000 rallied in , the of the in north-east , while the gathered in four other Catalan . But were down sharply compared with last 's , when 1.4 million rallied in alone . has consistently blocked to hold a on . regional had urged for \" converting into an independent \" . have also emerged between the 's main political in the , the for , and its radical leftwing , the . , who took in , faces a on 28 . He advocates a negotiated from . When held an unofficial on in 2014 , 80 of those who voted backed . is the \" \" , 's national . It commemorates the in 1714 when fell to loyal to 's during the of the . \" We have to move towards the final ,\" 58-year-old , who planned to attend the in with a , told . \" We ca n't wait any longer . \" 's leading , deadlocked in their to form a new after two inconclusive general since , have shown little for Catalan . The of 7.5 million makes up 16 of 's and accounts for almost 19 of national .", "The visited the 's in , . \" Festive ! Despite it being 32 , gave out and inevitably one found its on to my ,\" he wrote . \" All the , orphaned for one or another , absolutely loved the and . \" was supporting the which assists that work with disadvantaged , many of whom have or have become because of the . He was also photographed participating in the of 's . This will give emotional and psychological to young affected by and . The visited a in and said : \" These are who have never had the to talk about their , and who had no that they were one of so many in their . \" It was really emotional watching them interact with each other . Some really outgoing chatty , slightly overwhelmed , but all with huge . \" This confirmed to me again that what we 're doing is going to change of 's , and hopefully save a . \" also revealed his own of and shared some that he had taken . \" I have always enjoyed and the that come with trying to capture the perfect , although privately I do n't take many ,\" he said . \" The best I have are in my - I have some very special , mostly from . \" But on this , I had the and to be on the other of the and take some in the stunning of for my , . \" Follow @ on and on", "such as and will now have to register with the 's . Under the , charged by the cannot exceed those of regular . The new will be enforced from the second of next , the said on . \" To ensure that remain equally accessible to all of the , and for will not be allowed ,\" the added in a . Wealthy is among the most expensive in the to own a , with many relying on to get around . The of has surged in the of nearly 5.4 million , especially during peak . has expanded rapidly in offering such as high-end and cheaper , along with a to book regular . The said the new would not affect its extra , because it already has with licensed and . \" We appreciate that the has acknowledged the our brings , and like , is putting the and of and first ,\" said 's regional general of , , in a to . The has faced around the by who are against its , which allow to become unlicensed by using their own .", "27 2016 Last updated at 09:00 was injured early one while protecting his from a suspected armed . The fought for , helped every of the by his . looks back at how his captured the of and inspired a calling on the to re-think the surrounding injured support .", "were called to a on just before 07:30 . The and said had used as they tackled the . Senior for and , , said : \" Our are with the . We will now investigate the . \"", "said the - three white and one Asian - were racially motivated . The were black . have been gathered since was shot during a with on 15 . who claimed to witness the said that was handcuffed , though dispute this . Around two and have been erected around the 4th . have also barricaded the with and and lit . According to criminal , the four went to the on 23 . After a of attempted to escort them away , eight were heard . The 's , , said the has become unsafe and has asked to disband their week-long . These have been rejected by , who have vowed to continue camping out despite cold and . One of the , , said they refuse to leave . \" They can have the . We can take the ,\" said . \" To be honest , we 're not going nowhere . \"", "Speaking to the , said he would return from , which surrounds , \" as soon as I know I am not going to get killed \" . say the , , is now calm after seized . The denied staging a . has seen a of military since in 1966 . has headed a since in 2012 , but suspended in amid in his . He denied that his had undermined his . said the had rendered the \" dysfunctional \" , an that amounted to a . \" I have been removed from not by the but by the armed , and that is illegal ,\" he told the 's . \" I came into this and I will return as soon as my is not in . I will not go back to to get killed . \" 's described the as \" worrying \" , with saying the would not tolerate \" unconstitutional of \" . At the : , , This whole started around 03:00 . There were since early . The is currently calm . are playing it safe within their , but there is basically a . To all and it is a military with the of ousting the prime . There can be no other of behaving the they have been behaving other than to seize . So far we have no of . It would be correct to call it a bloodless . But I am not going to stick around . The are the may deteriorate . One does not know what is going to happen . is the of the The is understood to have acted after the prime attempted to remove its , . The said the was still in , saying the \" supports the democratically elected of the ,\" reported . A , , denied staging a , saying : \" There is like that , the has returned to ... the has returned to their . \" Earlier , were seen on the of and there were of . were taken off and were cut , although later suggested they were working again . told the that had surrounded , a key .", "The at 's took on . The said no were taken but had been \" gone through \" . He said had been cut to access the at . said an had been launched . \" For a long , there has been a concerted of political against me ,\" the claimed . He said that less than 12 ago his had been \" ransacked \" , with taken . said that in the early of \" the involved went through two outside , down a , removed a screwed in hard on the back , cut through a and cut through to get in the \" . \" Once again , were ignored in the , but were broken into and gone through in the back which was n't alarmed . \" Thankfully , they could n't gain to the main of the without tripping the . \" \" I put in new for at the of last , because I am aware of serious being rattled ,\" he said . \" Some would like to silence us , but this has just added to our . \" A said that the was reported after 09:00 on . He said that were ongoing and that no had been made . A said : \" has now been the of two , one at and one at his . \" is supporting him and his at this and is keen that the establish whether these are linked . \" All elected and their deserve to operate in a democratic without of or . \" The is working with and his to ensure their and , and we strongly urge that this continues. \" \u00e2 \u20ac \u017d", "The 50m ( 150ft ) would run from to , , to connect a new \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn nuclear at , , to the . Without and of the say the is \" ignoring \" for the to go underground in \" sensitive \" . The said it \" fully recognises the \" of the . The is taking from where the will be visible , down to the 's and across the of . , of , said : \" This is a very serious . These are going to be up for the of this . \" I do n't think appreciate two - one , how stunning the is around here , and two , how much these are going to affect it by their sheer . \" The is being put forward as the 's next for . A said : \" We have not yet made a final on how and where the new will be built . \" When building for , we strive to avoid designated . Where this is not possible , we work closely with and and carry out to develop a which achieves the best possible between protecting the and ensuring has an affordable . \" A formal is expected to take later in the , with the final submitted to the in 2017 .", "are now pulling out of the . The was put in on , after over 's turned violent . Six are facing criminal over the , which has been ruled a . They deny . was arrested on 12 , and died a later from sustained in the of a . Under the , were ordered to stay home from 22:00 until 05:00 , and had been expected to keep it in for another . But on , said she did not want to maintain it any longer than was necessary . \" My has always been to not have the in a single longer than was necessary ,\" the wrote on her . \" I believe we have reached that . \" in have continued since and erupted on - which prompted the of the . However the have been largely peaceful since then . said the of in the would not be lifted until the last had left . say the against the - ranging from to second-degree - have eased . The were announced on by the 's top . But a for the six insisted they had done \" wrong \" . have admitted that , 25 , was not secured in the by a and that his for medical while being transported were denied . 's is the latest in a of of black at the of in the which have sparked and national . What we know about 's Is starting to heal ?", ", 30 , is available for 's against . He was on the in the by but did not feature . Following at , and , spent a with before joining last . He has made more than 360 senior and was capped by 's earlier in his . For all the latest check out our .", "was still there at the on 105 , with on 34 , as the One ground out 298-3 from 96 in the . fell 11 short of a second successive on 89 , while made 45 . But the unbroken between and put on . Having so far put on exactly 100 , they will resume on with a third looking a - and 14 to get a fourth . But , if they maintain their current of , the One will not reach 400 by the the all-important is reached . followed up his maiden first-class against at last by taking almost five over his 89 . But it was surpassed by the 41st hundred of 35-year-old South African 's first-class . and told : \" We were n't quite sure what to do when we first turned up this . The had a green to it but in the we decided to toss up and to opt to bat . \" We knew that at 's have been good in recent so we went with that , and it worked out well for us . \" Both and batted extremely well . We are very lucky to have a of who have come into the and are performing well but we also need our senior to pull their and did that . \" We did not expect to be leading the at this , but there is a long to go . \"", "The confirmed the 's in receiving from the Russian to discredit during the presidential last . The was unchanged at 21,409.07 and the & 500 edged down 0.08 to 2,425.53 . The rose 0.3 to 6,193.3 . has generally climbed this , in of some shaky stemming from over the of the and for its business-friendly . also sank in amid a over 's of former , who had been investigating between the and . That is ongoing . On , a in helped lift , such as , which climbed 0.6 . But lost ahead of the of quarterly this and a after the unveiled a making it easier for to file collective . introduced a The forbids from requiring that use an individual , out-of-court to resolve as of the for their and . of and fell 1.2 on , while dropped 1 . The may be short-lived as it comes amid a by the and in to make the less powerful . , a who represents , said on he would file to undo the .", "But there are of other to choose from , including , and to . 1979 - Three in 41 As a young middle , claimed a of and had already begun to show considerable as an by 1979 . But the marked an important when - aged just 22 - he broke the 800m , one and 1,500m within the of just 41 . He was the first to hold all three at the same . He also won of the . 1980 - will always be remembered for his . In 1980 , amid intense with fellow British , he won in the 1,500m in . He took in his preferred - the 800m - finishing second to . 1984 - Despite spending fighting , returned to the in four later and became the first to win successive 1,500m , beating fellow into second ( failed to finish the ) . was beaten into second again in the 800m by . 1992 - After retiring from in 1990 , pursued a in and was chosen to fight the and for the at the 1992 . beat the by more than 3,000 and took his in . He lost the in 1997 when 's swept to . He briefly returned to as of to , when he was of the . 2005 - Helps secure for Despite lagging in third behind and in early , the secured the under 's . said a he made , shortly before the , helped turn the in 's . \" This is almost entirely on a different to winning the ,\" said at the . He went on to become of the of the and and is said to have been a key in organising the 's in the in the . 2015 - Elected of the Despite one of the most impressive in , suggested his as topped all his . He beat , a former , by 115 to 92 . His first , and perhaps his biggest yet , will be to deal with the from .", ", 25 , played in only five for last , but made 33 on at . He started his with , and had at and before joining in 2014 . were relegated from Two last after winning only seven .", "More than 130 have reported overheating behind the , some of which have resulted in . is investigating the , but has not yet issued a full . The affected is the It is thought that 280,000 of them are currently on the in the . The was raised by three different , who say their burst into . Among them was , from , who had four in her when a began behind the . also from , had to evacuate her along with her when a similar occurred . They and have posted of the on . has already examined 20 such which have been burned out , and has summoned from to investigate . In a , it said it thought the and was to blame . It said previous may have been carried out improperly , or in some , non-genuine may have caused the . The affected have manual , as pictured above . who have electronic have not reported any . The , all right-hand , were built between 2005 and 2014 . who has about their is being asked to contact their .", "has opened its first teaching seven of from the using flexible mounted on weighted . The began eight ago in but has only just come to with the first in . said were already \" hooked \" . The in began last . So far there are six , but this is expected to increase . attended an international to learn the different of the which range in from defensive in one to \" aggressive and flamboyant \" in four and \" unpredictable \" in seven . The said with \" an elegant for a more civilized \" was a come true . \" My and I used to steal our 's to fight with ,\" he said . The used in the are all hand-made and are provided for during the , said . The is so new to that there have only been a of so far but said there were to begin teaching in by the of ... if \" the \" was with the . There are several for those wishing to become a fully-fledged :", "The from died when his hit a on the near . The , near the , was closed for more than five after the happened at 13:20 . The of the , a 49-year-old from , was seriously injured and airlifted to but said her was not life-threatening . Three who were travelling in the sustained serious but not life-threatening and were taken to . said : \" I would like to thank for their during the which are necessary to allow to deal with the . \"", "The depends on getting a from other , the of said . stopped more than two ago after including an and . Environmental oppose the . has spent about $ 6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.85bn ) on in the - a estimated to have about 20 of the 's undiscovered and . The Anglo-Dutch wants to drill up to six in about 40 deep , using two that can serve as in the of an . \" We have taken a thoughtful to carefully considering potential in the ,\" said , of the of , in a . This conditional means must obtain from the federal and the of to begin this . , an at , a against , said : \" Our has rushed to approve risky and ill-conceived in one of the most remote and important on . \" Among 's the last it tried to drill in the were its to have a on before the reached oil-bearing , as it had promised , and the of on the that had hired . The , a circular , broke away from its and ran aground on its to a in . \" The of our is an important and signals the have in our ,\" said .", ", 23 , was found dead at in , . She had been strangled . admitted the of when he appeared at via a from . A psychiatric is to be prepared on who was remanded in and will be sentenced on 18 . , for the , said : \" What needs to be established are the of 's . There was a no with the . \" , , said admitted deliberately and intentionally killing in a . He said his had been seeking psychiatric after being convicted of making to kill in . 's were in for the . In a released by at the of her , they said : \" As a we are distraught , in and totally devastated . There was not a bad in 's . \" worked hard and loved her as a . In what little spare she had she enjoyed . \" We now feel like our has been stolen from us . \"", "The began last when Turkish were told to cut off the virtual private use to hide where they go . Many are changing the they connect to to avoid the . said the moved 's net from \" moderate \" to \" severe \" . , also known as The , aims to conceal where go online by using and randomly bouncing for through a of different . The has become popular in many , such as and , where are known to watch what do and say online . Now , which monitors in the , said its regular of showed that it was being widely blocked across the . The started to investigate after many in reported having reaching the . It added that the Turkish had put in sophisticated at to spot when were trying to connect to . These inspect of and can pick out the distinctive of those that are destined for . said the Turkish ordered to start blocking and in early , and has increased the on to act by asking for weekly about the of the . The said that while direct to was not working well , many were reporting that they could still access the if they used a . These are unofficial to the which , because they are not listed in the itself , can survive when are imposed . has a long of cutting off to and - particularly during of social .", "The , 25 , was signed from two ago but made just six for , three of them as a . He ended last on at Spanish second-tier , where he played seven and scored once . say they have decided to end his in to help him find a new .", "The seized on the eastern of the adjacent of on , but their was reportedly halted by the Syrian . 's warned that if seizes the it will destroy there . The has ransacked and demolished several ancient in . has already suffered some during the four-year civil . It is situated in a strategically important on the between the , and the contested eastern of , and close to On , the for said that were mounting an on , the modern next to the of . Twenty-six in a outside were summarily killed by - at least 10 by beheading - on after being accused of collaborating with 's , said . IS itself claimed on that it had taken of northern and eastern of , and that it had shot down a Syrian in the . provincial confirmed that , a to the , had fallen on and said 1,800 from the were sheltering in . The said more than 70 and 40 had been killed in the for . Rising out of the and flanked by an , contains the monumental of a great that was one of the most important cultural of the ancient , according to . The , most of which dates back to the to the 2nd when the was under Roman , is dominated by a grand , colonnaded . At the southern of the 1.1km is the great of , considered one of the most important religious of the 1st in the and of unique . 's of , , said that if were to fall to , it would be an \" international \" . \" It will be a of the and which we saw in , and ,\" he told . The ancient in northern were recently blown up by , who control of on both of the . A US-led has carried out on the jihadist 's since . However , it says it does not co-ordinate its with the .", "The was spotted close to the in , on . quickly photographed the , which should have read \" right \" , prior to the being painted over . A for the said the were made aware of their and would amend the \" as quickly as possible \" .", ", who led the to six in 28 , was replaced by in , but the could not prevent them from being relegated to the . \" I conceded too much , especially early on , instead of saying ' we need this and this ',\" told 5 live . \" I hope they 've allowed [ ] of . \" He added : \" Listen to him , this is what he wants , these are his , this is the he needs to make . \" sat 19th in the when departed , with a 3-1 by his final in . \" The I made was I compromised too much ,\" said the former , and . \" I wanted to get enough on the so I could gradually gain a more . But I think you have to be domineering as you go in , you have to make sure you get what you want . \" The 54-year old is confident the have learnt from his and will afford greater as he bids to return to the top . \" I think now with being in there he will be allowed to take of , of , and of - which is the most important ,\" he said . \" You have to make sure that you work together to establish what you want , what you 're comfortable working with . \"", "A \u00a3 60,000 will examine how to alter 's and the . The opened in 1865 as a , but was later bought by a of who founded the . It is to various and is used for . The said the was one of finest of the of gothic . It is one of the 's most recognisable with , , gargoyled and steep-pitched \" like a \" . include creating a \" cultural \" based around the , a postgraduate providing world-class , and , an , and and . said : \" consistently shows that is recognised as one of the best to study for . \" We want to build on that and develop a postgraduate . \" However , the should have a as well as an academic . \" We want to provide a for and as well as and . \" Our is for state-of-the-art , , a and a first of for local - truly bringing the and together in a new cultural . \" said : \" The is an iconic in and resonates with present and past of the . \" Its in the of the can provide a focal to the 's and the potential put forward sound extremely exciting . \" The final , which will also include a of other , is expected to be finished in 2013 . It will be funded by a Welsh and the . has been identified as a by the Welsh and up to \u00a3 10.3m has been made available to invest , which is being used on a of in the .", "( 113 ) plus ( 81 ) and 's ( 85 ) saw beyond 300 , and added an unbeaten 63 . 's took three and ( 5-93 ) saw off lower . At the , were 7-0 having survived two unscathed . , who took the to bowl first without a , removed and before , but could not halt until he had guided beyond 200 . The , who picked up maximum , looked like posting a huge until was caught behind by off to leave 308-5 . will resume on with and looking to give them a in the .", "The and has collected 1,300 on the 's . It wants an annual explaining to how to react around . The found that since 2010 there have been 2,000 in the , with 1,500 because of passing too closely . As a of these , 180 and 36 have died . were planned for , of , , in , , , and in . Any with over 50 is considered by a to be debated in the .", "Dead , written by and published by , took the at a in and was the judges' unanimous . It focuses on the of in 2009 . It was published in amended after the first was destroyed by the . The said the \" takes us into the and of the in a that is both interesting and visceral \" . \" It challenges every of this to examine exactly what we 're asking to do in ,\" the continued . \" Rather than offering easy it lets the speak for themselves . \" Other presented included a posthumous for , whose final , Arguably , was included on the long for the top . accepted the on of the . The was awarded to for her in The , while the went to - an online on the ongoing financial at the historic Scottish . The of the said they aimed to \" provide the of what have done , why it was illegal and what the are for one of the largest in \" . The were chosen from of six , six and seven , whittled down from of 17 , 12 and 18 . Each of the received a \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 .", "said of the 's in asked him to cover up , and featuring some of 's saucier-named and . The was selling for his ' ' when asked to hide the offending . The have yet to comment . said he was approached by a male who described some of the promotional as \" unacceptable \" . He was asked to put in brown and cover with ' censored ' . said : \" It was pretty farcical , it was like I was running an . \" I had to cover up what on seem like rude but , in , are real from around the . \" It 's just ' Carry On ' , it 's not like you ca n't drive past these , they 're all out there on the for to see . \" The , from , said approaching his during the at the were \" gobsmacked \" by the and thought it was a . \" Some of them were pretty put out and thought it was patronising ,\" he added . , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , of the took to to share their . \" Oh the did have us rolling with - we 're just so delicate !\" said one . Other also waded in with their : \" At the @ _ Spotted at @ fair but shocked to find he 'd been censored by the who run the ! !\" said the .", "is not supported on this accused of targeting him in 's recent European and has promised more of the same on . But , 26 , believes an effective Irish will negate the . \" We know what we have to do . Make the available for him . He 's a big . can look after himself ,\" he said . Asked whether will plan extra for his , replied : \" He is a that looks after himself . We just need to get the back from the and make it easier for him to get the and let him play his . , 27 , claimed the Scottish had put him at of in the at on 14 . took a to the during the and were later cleared of any by after the had initially returned to the following the before undergoing a . In , the and were adamant that their , while robust , were firmly within the of the . stuck firmly to this at a on . said : \" did within the of the . As a nine you are always going to get putting on you . is not supported on this \" In that , got a down on him but they were trying to get the back - they were n't trying to deliberately injure the . \" Will we be putting on him ? For sure we will . He 's not going to come to and get an . \" We need to do that to every Irish but we can expect the same , I 'm sure . \" For his , believes the \" let down \" at but he appears confident that there will not be a at . \" We did n't look after him as much as we could [ at ] . This , we all have to concentrate on our . We know what we have to do . \"", "The had needed to run a double on , finishing beneath a giant of in . attempted a similar in in 2012 but had to pull out for . It has been confirmed the 's had raised more than \u00c2 \u00a3 1.35m for the . \" That was very , very tough ,\" he told as he swigged from a celebratory of sparkling white . The 27 were intended to reflect the 27 had spent in before becoming 's first black . \" It 's been the hardest I 've ever done ,\" said a \" very tired \" . \" Thank you to who has donated [ and ] do n't do this at . \" , and are among those who have tweeted their .", "The , who won to 's , are second in the with two from three . \" The first 10 were quite even but after that we were in of the . We hit the a few ,\" told . \" If our in the final was a slicker we would have had more . I think we deserved to win . \" continued : \" I ca n't really remember too many for them to score , if any . \" The first is crucial because it mucks up their because they need to come out and leaves us more to go and exploit . \" were relegated from the last with 67 conceded , the joint-second-most in the . But they have kept clean in their last two , and said : \" That 's going to be key going forward . \"( A of clean ) was a of us last and we want to try to fix . In the last two it 's been better . \"", "The Actually will have a supporting in the , according to The . , and of will also feature in the of the , which ran from 1964 to 1968 . , who most recently starred in with , will play the of . The follows special , played by , and - - who work for the mysterious for ( ) . Swedish , known for her as in 's , has been cast as the female , while The 's will also star in the . had been tipped for the of , originally portrayed by in the , while was set to play the lead in 's earlier of the . However , withdrew from the and subsequently dropped out of the . will co-write the with , who wrote both of 's , starring . is due to begin in with a planned for 2014 . There were 105 of the multi-award winning , The From , with the first broadcast in black-and-white .", "The has now seen two consecutive of declining , the usual of . Its vital has been hit by weaker global , according to the of ( ) . But the says there has been strong in other . Crude account for 70 of . The of has fallen from of about $ 112 a in 2014 to below $ 50 at the . Outside the , the show the in the Nigerian , the , has hurt the . It was allowed to float freely in to help kick-start the , but argued it should have been done earlier . The , however , has found some positive in the . \" There was in the agricultural and solid ... the in which the federal has placed particular ,\" said presidential economic . , which vies with for the of 's biggest , is also battling an at an 11-year of 17.1 in . \" A of 's current could have been avoided ,\" said from . \" The is so reliant on precisely because its have n't diversified the . \" More recently , they have tried , and failed , to prop up the , which has had a ruinous on the 's foreign and any it might have had of being fiscally responsible . \" This economic comes as no to of . Many say they 've never known it so tough . The in global has hit hard . The depends on for about 70 of its . But say made a bad even worse . The to delay devaluing 's meant many struggled to get foreign to pay for , which had a cooling on the entire . Following enormous , the changed this , allowing the to float . That 's led to a in , but the is that it will attract foreign . The also says the needs to import less : it wants to see more made in .", ", , and financial were among the big , with and among the main . The rose 0.6 to 19,912.7 , and the & 500 rose 0.7 to 2,280.07 . The added 0.9 to 5,600.9 . Small-company outpaced the of the . The 2000 jumped 1.6 to 1,369.21 . and other could benefit from by the to streamline the for and clear the for . climbed as crude closed higher . The also swept up in . , and other high-dividend were among the biggest as rose . While several big reported quarterly , focused on the latest of executive from . \" The of this has been dimmed only because we all realise there 's going to be some in ,'' said . , 's chief . \" Now you 're trading on the , or whatever they may be , that are coming out of the . '' hosted a with the of , , and , the big three that argues should invest more in the . The expressed after the , prompting a in . gained 1 , added 2.4 , and rose 5.8 . fell 4.4 after the and posted for the last three of 2016 that fell short of what .", "The and of 's is the first of the to have his first marked by a new . The third in to the and future turns one on 22 . The of the sterling was approved by his ; his the ; and . It bears the heraldic royal and the 2014 . was photographed at the walking with the of his . , of commemorative and at the , said : \" We felt there could be no more fitting to mark the first of our future than the royal - the of the - minted in of the future to the . \" The of a silver is significant too , as the precious is closely associated with newborn ... \" Crossing the of a newborn with is a to wish them and good throughout their , whilst the \u00a3 5 is a for royal . \" The will be a limited of 7,500 and will cost \u00a3 80 each from the . The heraldic royal incorporates the four of the royal , each contained in a , as well as a , , , a of and a . It was originally created for the and was last used on a struck for the in in 1960 . 's and his were also marked with commemorative .", "However , the 2018 , set to showcase , and , will not be the first in the . In 1929 , the was opened by the of in amid great . So , will take from the grand , which attracted four million ? Responding to the and , the of said : \" The looks set to be the of real in our regional . \" The of - later - opened the 1929 and said : \" The of the are not yet knocked out of the . \" They are fighting back gallantly with a good Northern . \" And the \" northern \" included cutting-edge , such as a , a brought down from , and the local using a newly-designed electric to flash out the latest . and were represented , some of them that remain , such as , , and . showed off its with a 15ft \" of \" . For there was an , a , and an African . More than four million passed through the between and that , including of and the of . Each was presented with a . When the ended , the were dismantled and the reverted to a public . Unfortunately , that \" northern \" would fall victim to the economic a few later , in the .", "The of was found at an in the , , on . He had been stabbed to . His , a who is originally from , appeared at on . The 42 old was remanded in until next . During the , a gave of the . He said that about 45 after she was charged , said : \" Yes it was my . Yes it was my . \" It was not me . It was the . \"", ", 49 , was injured at in , , in the early of . , 36 , of , , and , 42 , from , , have been charged . They are due to appear at on 30 . , of , was taken to in a critical but died on .", "The said it would construct 139 at , , and 165 at . will also build a of 102 affordable between the two . and are both set to launch later this . , at for the of , said : \" 2014 has been buoyant for new and we are pleased to be launching these two new in the , to allow us to keep up with . \" With a wide of modern on and in sought-after , we hope these will be extremely popular . \"", "is not supported on this , 25 , was beaten to by 0.425 as 's won a second successive with a of 56.465 . of took , while another , , came sixth . \" I ca n't believe I 've won an ,\" said , from . \" I 'm just so happy . \" Find out how to get into with our special . \" I had no it was a but my was the best I could have done . That is why I was so happy , that all the and hard had paid off . \" I am so happy I got to share the final with . \" Prior to winning , 's highest in an international was fifth at the 2015 in . made its in 2000 and this is the first British have reached the . is not supported on this Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "The \" \" were often carved near to , including the where was born and the of . The were believed to offer when in and the was widespread . But says too little is known about them . This it is calling for to document the , which can be found in medieval , and other , most commonly from around 1550 to 1750 . The , which were intended to protect and of from and evil , took many , including and sometimes . The most common was the \" \" , which looked like a drawn with a in a single endless that was supposed to confuse and entrap evil . They also took the of , such as for , for or , for of , scratched into medieval , engraved on wooden and etched into to evoke the protective of the . Known include several found at 's in , , carved near the where was kept , and at the , , , to protect . have been found in , such as the at , , which has numerous . , chief of , said : \" are a physical of how our saw the . \" They really fire the and can teach us about previously-held and common . \" were cut , scratched or carved into our ancestors' and in the of making the a safer , less hostile . \" They were such a common of everyday that they were unremarkable and because they are easy to overlook , the recorded we hold about where they appear and what they take is thin . \"", "It came the after the of the were demolished and the resumed for three killed when the partially came down . However , reassured the was still standing and had been shrouded in . It would be demolished in , a added . tweeted : \" Local that came down overnight . Might want to check it out . \" tweeted : \" Just been along the in and ca n't see the tall - suspect it may have come down . \" tweeted : \" Any if it was planned to bring down the tall at the , or is it another . \" said 's of the had \" gone as planned \" .", "The said it was looking at the of adding between and . It said the had come from at the who were keen to boost . If confirmed , the would operate on two a in and . , of , said : \" We 're always open to new which might boost to the of and we provisionally agreed the , subject to gaining the appropriate . \" The would be for the to operate four 25-minute every and from 14 to 27 . The of welcomed the and said it was currently in with to finalise the and the of for the .", "Between and 103 are scheduled to , , and . In 2011 there were 91 scheduled , with 29 being cancelled due to bad and . , 's , said : \" It was a very poor in and affected virtually every of our . \" He said : \" It was n't just the , visiting as well were significantly down on previous , in last was the worst since 1987 . \" into for a off , estimated to cost between \u00c2 \u00a3 60m and \u00c2 \u00a3 80m , are due to form of the , which is due to be released this . Currently are ferried between the and on carried by the . said : \" In of a in the , is the most visited , it is the most popular ... the have made it quite clear to us they are very keen to come here . \"", "said it is also essential that proper are put in for to reach the . He was speaking to the 's about growing 's . took on the top at a few before the visitors' opened in 2012 . In its first of , more than 800,000 from 128 toured the - double the it was expected to achieve . welcomed its one in 2013 . has a of in , spending 15 in of 's . He also managed the and help to stage a of major in the , including the in 2009 . In 2014 , he was awarded an from the for to economic and . told that , while there is no creating for the of it , of outside need to be better served in of and . \" There 's no easy of transporting through from one to another , from one to another , and we need to encourage that ,\" he said . \" You have to make it easy for the , you have to make it easy for the . \" I 'm not sure that we are mature enough as an to do that just yet . \" will be broadcast on as of at 13:30 on 20 .", ", 42 , failed to return to , , at 17:00 on . After a on , later went into in , where he is in . will return to under a higher of . Earlier , in their , had said they believed he had gone to because he had in the . In 2010 , admitted the of , 51 , on the of diminished and was detained indefinitely . said the of he was originally detained under was approved by the of . After handed himself in , , chief of , said : \" We were concerned for 's and we worked closely with throughout their . \" The had said posed a \" low \" after he was reported missing . During the , , formerly of , , told he believed was controlling his and he could only be freed by killing him . The were in a shared in , , where they were and often socialised together . But 's mental deteriorated and he began to believe that was a who had captured his . He stabbed repeatedly in their communal . The ordered him to be detained under the .", "was the first to lead the and led the for in 2010 . Last and launched an into over alleged to . is retiring on 3 to spend more with her to \" make up for the \" they made . She joined in 1985 , progressing through the before moving to in 2004 . said the for following the of and shooting of one of her , , was one of the biggest she faced . She said : \" That was the largest the has seen for 44 . I spent my out and about reassuring the and responding to their . \" I am immensely proud of my and who went about their fully aware of the against them , but determined to support the . \" She has also overseen of \u00c2 \u00a3 117m since 2010 and was at the as reopened no following an . 's said the will continue but admitted if the against her were upheld , 's would mean any , such as a written , would have no . said : \" has brought and to her and leaves at a when is one of the highest performing in the . \"", "The 26-year-old tore in his during the by on 14 , coming off after 57 . was making only his eighth of the , and had two out with a . , who visit on , are 18th in the and one from . is out for the with a cruciate .", "The , who will also miss 's in on , has been replaced by is the 's most-capped , with 14 in 61 . is the leading for Austrian , with nine in as many .", "of the earn a in the . Four-time have failed to progress past the third for the past 11 and start their at on . \" It 's very important because it is the only to go into the ,\" told . \" I know it 's difficult because there are a of from the and . It will be a very important . \" , two-time under in 1979 and 1980 , who also guided the to its four , last featured in European in the 1995-96 , reaching the . The , who last won the in 1990 and featured in the in 1992 , were knocked out of the by One 12 ago . Their to face Two comes three after oversaw 's opening against , in what was his first competitive in English . Former also confirmed that the to de , suffered in the 4-3 over on , is not as bad as first feared . \" It will be a few , but not serious ,\" said .", "The , which was carrying 62 from , landed safely after declaring a full at 13:43 . said was hurt during the . A said : \" The landed safely at following the of a technical with the . \" He added : \" The followed standard and , as is usual in such , the put its on . \" All 62 disembarked as normal when the arrived on . \"", "said 100,000 visited in when the were installed , compared with about 37,000 last . The poppy , , consists of 5,800 ceramic falling from into the . on and will be by only . said would be restricted on 8 and 11 \" to ensure a calm and contemplative for all \" . , , said the 170 in was \" phenomenal \" and was expecting its biggest ever , with more than half a million . \" We feel extremely privileged to be able to bring the to ,\" she said . \" It 's safe to say of of are coming as a of the . \" She said the had a \" different \" from any other at the , and many found seeing the was a \" calm and contemplative \" . The is of a nationwide of from the and of , which was unveiled in in 2014 . The , created by and , marked 100 since the of and drew more than five million . The raised 24 served by 65,000 , of whom 9,000 died .", "The was the of a last . Former said the had shot who may have been unarmed . The has found of the featured \" admitted any criminal or being involved in any of the portrayed \" . In a , the said : \" from have studied the of a broadcast last into the of the . \" Although there does not appear to be any to by featured in the , it will form of an into all linked to . \" This will begin when resumes its in the near . \" The was disbanded in 1973 , after 18 . The carried out round-the-clock in in unmarked . Three former of the talked to . They said they had been tasked with \" hunting down \" in . When asked if on the would make an that had a , even if they could not see one , one of the former replied \" occasionally \" . \" We did n't go around blasting , shooting all over the like you see on the , we were going down there and finding , looking for our , finding them and taking them down ,\" he said . \" We may not have seen a , but there more than likely would have been there in a . \" One of the said they were \" not there to act like an , we were there to act like a \" . \u00c3 represents who believe their were killed by the . He said should further investigate the . \" They very openly and brazenly admitted that they were in a , that they acted outside the of , that they also acted outside of the yellow ,\" he said . \" They also admitted being involved in fatal in which may not have been armed . \" I think all of that and that very high-profile pointed in the that there should have been further of these . \" Unfortunately it appears that the have not done that , despite the from the of public . \"", "It follows over of young gathering in , drinking and causing criminal . The allows and to force to leave . The will remain in until 01:00 on . \" The we are taking is twofold ,\" explained , from 's . \" Initially we would like to reassure those living in or visiting the that we are taking positive against causing repeat of anti-social in and around the to ensure that they are not plagued by the of certain . \" Equally importantly is to protect young from the of and its potential . \" The dispersal means any under 16-years-old can also be taken home , or to a of . can also be banned from the for up to 24 , or face if they return .", "attacked at her in , , in last . The Swindon-based European , who was overheard threatening to \" knock out \" , had denied . But he was found guilty after a at . The was awoken in the early of the by forcing his into her , the heard . She called 999 before he broke through her . The 29-year-old , who appeared in under his real , was convicted of by , to secure , and criminal . , prosecuting , said : \" said she had never been so scared in her . She thought he was going to kill her . \" He was heard in a of a 999 , which lasted 21 , to say : \" I will knock you spark out . \" At his last , said he had \" barged \" through 's front and because he feared she \" could kill herself \" . He denied putting his on her . But found the 's of the \" credible and convincing \" . , representing , told the the regretted the . He said : \" is remorseful as to how his affected and affected the thereafter . \" was sentenced to 26 in for the and , 20 for to secure and 12 for criminal , to run concurrently . He was ordered to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 1,105 in to his and , and given a barring him from contacting her indefinitely . showed no as the was handed down . Speaking outside , his of 10 , , said his legal will appeal against the and are \" confident he will clear his \" . will be suspended from for the of his , confirmed .", "and 's were quoted as saying the had been returned from a to the on 20 . , a , was arrested in 2012 and sentenced to 15 hard in . says he used his to form to overthrow the . He was taken to last after suffering dramatic . His say he has several including and . said had learned about 's to the from of the Swedish in , which acts on of the in . said the Swedish \" have met 10 since his , most recently on 7 in a \" . She added : \" We continue to urge ( North Korean ) to grant special and immediate on humanitarian \" . did not specify when had been forced back to the . However , a and 's confirmed the 20 . \" He 's back to , hard ,\" , 's , was quoted as saying by the . has so far made no official on the . On , used the annual in to say : \" We pray for , a Christian who has been left in for 15 . \" \" His wants him home , and the will continue to do in our to secure his because deserves to be free . \" If the of his are confirmed , it would mean was returned to the on the same as he spoke to foreign in under heavy - his first \" \" since the . denied that he had been badly treated and called for \" \" to secure his . say he may have been speaking under strict editorial . has arrested several in recent , including and accused of proselytising . They were released after to by high-profile , including former and .", "is selling 's and and the listed . , at , which also owns , said the was \" restructuring its \" . was bought by a local in 2011 . Collectively , they are on the for of around \u00a3 12.6m , with individual of \u00a3 4.8m for , \u00a3 3.3m for and \u00a3 4.5m for . is to a 33m high ( ) , and were all built in the 19th . , which is 695m long ( 2,280ft ) , is the only with listed meaning any future would require to make to the . Known as the \" of \" , it nestles in the between the of the and . , which stands at 341m long ( 1,118ft ) , and , which is 150m ( 492ft ) , do not benefit from listed , despite in 1864 and 1892 respectively . , a at , which is selling the for , said it would be very unlikely that a new would make significant . He said : \" In our , the is in the existing and this is unlikely to change at either of the . \" A for the , which promotes the and continued of seaside in the , said : \" These are all in good and successfully , and , given that is almost upon us , I have no that they will quickly find a or . \"", "has been in the since 2013 and his ends in . have said they are \" resolved to begin a \" as they look to appoint a \" through to the 2019 \" . will play three , three and four against . 's are currently ranked third in , second in one-day and fourth in . The guided his to a 3-0 over earlier this and a 2-1 in in . won the first of five against on with a convincing at . were bowled out for 181 and reached 185-2 with 15.4 remaining with scoring 57 and making an unbeaten 55 .", "' , whose real was , rose to in 4 's . He was found dead at in on 23 . His said the struggled with mental and . A private was held earlier this . The , at 's in , was told the full has been adjourned until 28 . conducted the short , which was told the was found by his . The were called to the in , before was declared dead an later by a . expressed his \" \" to the . Following 's , fellow and paid on social to the , who had his first with ' It Out . It followed his in the 4 with in 2006 , which was set at the 's . , a who was working with , said : \" As much as we 're all mourning the of the , needs to put as much and as they possibly can do into the because I do n't know how deals with that . \" In a released after ' 's , his said he was a \" huge who will be missed by who knew him \" . \" He was a hugely creative who used this of his to make smile , to cheer up and to make feel better ,\" they said . \" A real , he would always take the to stop and talk , no matter who or when and we are proud that he was so well thought of by all who knew him . \" and gathered for his on 8 in , , before releasing in his favourite of on in his of . chief has said the had been \" saddened \" by his . \" If has been affected by this , or is struggling to cope , we would like to let know that is here for them if they need to talk ,\" she said .", ", 55 , from , died at the in in the on said had tried to stop the after seeing the \" acting suspiciously \" . said the then \" sped off and collided \" with a short away . The has been referred to the . A 22-year-old was arrested at the on of causing by dangerous . He has been released on . worked at . Its describes him as an associate for international and collaborative in the of , and . In a , his said : \" excelled as a respected and dedicated , with a for , and . For that knew him , was his true as he became a recognised competitive on the . \u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac \" Most importantly he was a loved , loyal and , loving and a truly inspirational . He will be deeply missed , but he has left his on all who met him . \" He will always be cherished and never forgotten , living on in all our . \"", "'s three is due to tee off with and at 02:45 ( 10:45 local ) on . The currently leads the to with just three remaining . \" I 'm not feeling great . I ate a of ago and was n't good at all ,\" he said . \" I thought I would be better , but I had a of and a of of for and I came here and tried to hit some , but even just making a of my was too sore . \" I just need another of and hopefully I will be better and I can play . \" Four-time is the only two-time of the to - the 's season-long - having claimed in 2012 and 2014 . He currently leads 's , and South African .", "The skippered the to in 2016 , but less than 12 on the are of the . , who last played for in 2015 , was was recently left out of the . \" This is the right for me to stand down ,\" said . \" As a senior , I will support the in all possible and I believe that our has very exciting ahead . \" It 's been an absolute to lead my over the last 18 and my to stand down is that I have thought long and hard about over a of . \" is to be replaced by former as of 's . The 's said made a \" brave \" to focus on . \" Having him focused solely on scoring for and is a huge to the ,\" said . , who won limited-overs in 's first as , are in One , having lost five of their nine - four of them by an . , the most capped in , having played 118 , 161 and eight T20 , has scored 345 from 14 , at an of 24.64 . He has not made a since 2016 . In the , he has hit 251 in 12 at a of 117.29 , but he was dropped down the after a of poor at . Having not batted at all in the penultimate , he was left out altogether for the final on , which the won against at to secure a in the . captained the and will be expected to so again for this 's last-eight against at The . , who was of the in 2014 , also won the in last with .", "The , , was in of . She said she had been told to report the of national , although she had not seen them . More than 80 died when a struck celebrating on 14 . ( ) said it was behind the , which was carried out by a Tunisian , . told the ( in ) she had been instructed by an to report the of national on the seaside des at the of the . \" The national were perhaps there , but I could n't see them on the ,\" said . She told the she had also been \" harassed for an \" by on the . The says there were 64 of the national on the - as per with . But the 's in says believes some of these national had been replaced by municipal - who were more lightly armed and less able to intervene to stop the . The - denied vehemently in - is that there has been a , our says . said he would sue for over the \" grave \" . The has faced for not preventing the , at a when was in a of following the extremist in in last . French were booed when they attended a in to remember the . said on he had \" full \" in . Last , local in refused a by French anti-terror to destroy of the . The 's said the had been made to avoid the \" uncontrolled \" of . But in responded by filing a legal , arguing the could constitute .", "struggled to fourth behind the of and while took a maiden . said : \" Big to . Fantastic and he deserves the . He has been fast all . \" For me , just a very , very odd . I am just hopeful in the next I will be able to pick up the . \" ensured the to in the was limited as much as possible - now leads by 13 but it would have been 20 had the won the . \" It 's great we are ahead of the ,\" the said . \" It has stopped pulling away too far . \" was more than half a slower than in and as the made a blistering from third and took the at the first , did not make from fourth on the . The suffered as he chased in the first of the and dropped back over the to finish 25 behind the and 36 behind . \" I do n't remember the last we had that [ ],\" said . \" It meant I was out of the from the . \" I think I had the to fight with but the was just overheating the whole the . I 'm sure we will go back to the and figure it out . \" joined over the following the of . said his first felt \" surreal \" , but added : \" It 's a good and I am happy . \" He added : \" I always knew I could get good if goes right and I always trust in my . But it 's nice to get that the are possible . \" It took quite a , more than 80 for me , but it 's definitely worth the . This strange came to me in the to join the and they made it possible , so I want to thank them . \" moves into third in the , 23 behind and 10 behind . He said : \"[ Winning the ] has always been the only for me in my but I have not had the to prove it . Now I have the to prove I can win and . Two ago were saying I am the two but it looks very different . \"", ", 33 , says the black are in \" every and \" of the outside of his and in . He said his , , and any who visit are afraid of venturing into the . are one of the 's largest , with up 2.2cm ( 0.9in ) , with green on their . first spotted the at his end-of-terrace a ago . He said : \" They are nocturnal so I had n't seen them until one when I was outside having a because I am not allowed to smoke in the . \" I saw move , went in and got a and saw them all in the of the . They were in the , all along the back , down the of the and under the . \" It is a of for our . \" We have two and a and it would be terrible if they got bitten by them . - He asked a for to exterminate them but within three the had returned . said he has asked for . say the originated in the and north and made their to on . They believe the are now able survive and spread because of the 's increasingly mild .", "The included a ' ' of \u00a3 27m in . That means which had been set aside to cover expected can now be released as performed better than expected . These are the first the has published since a corporate in 2015 . At that the 's , , split 's Irish into separate , and south of the . , of in , said the also showed a 6 in from \u00a3 154m to \u00a3 145m . \" We still have to do to manage our in to grow our in a sustainable , but we have made significant on that ,\" he said . \" I am pleased that we have of \u00a3 27m , driven by improved residential and commercial . \" In , the said it would close nine of its 64 from . is one of the big four local in , employing about 2,200 . In 2016 , which is 72 owned , reported a \u00a3 7bn annual .", "The 's was found at , near 's , in the 's just after 16:00 on . Several in the were sealed off and carried out extra of the . The was a 43-year-old but no further have yet been released . have appealed for any to come forward .", "Nearly 1.85 million for were made last , but just over 650,000 received . have been warning for a of that a of is causing . But the and shows how difficult it is for to get . Only 144,000 of the for resulted in long-term , which includes in or in the for such as and . Nearly 220,000 got short-term , such as after from , and another 300,000 got low-level such as walking and . The either received or were advised to seek from , the or from . Unlike the , social is not free and most will pay towards the of their , with some covering the entire . Meanwhile , a separate of nearly 70,000 who did get revealed their of . Some 65 said they were extremely or very satisfied with their and 26 were quite satisfied , but one in 10 was not . One in 20 did not feel clean or presentable and the same said they did not always get enough and . , chief of the , said the painted an \" alarming of cut back to the bare \" . \" This is a direct of \u00a3 4.6bn to social since 2010 and comes despite an ageing which is increasing the for these ,\" she added . The come after a of and wrote to the last warning that the needed to be protected as the \" deepening \" was putting in . The said its would be revealed in , but pointed out that a \u00a3 5.4bn - the - had been established in to ensure was used for that support council-organised . But , of the , said : \" We need to see a to the current perverse which , over the last five , has seen an in for the but a in for social . \" This threatens to leave struggling to commission the essential which keeps out of and living healthier and happier in their . \"", "told Bolivian said she had warned that the had barely enough to reach the in . is in where she is seeking . The killed 71 , including most of the . The was taking the to for the final of a regional when it ran out of , plunging into a near the of . In a leaked , the , , can be heard warning of a \" total electric \" and \" of \" . In her ( in ) published in the Bolivian , , who worked in , said she had no to stop the doomed , saying that was with 's civil . She said that instead of authorising the , she had tried to stop it , accusing unnamed of a . \" I was subjected to and from my ... who ordered me to change the of the which earlier [ before the ] I had presented ,\" she wrote . \" Based on a careful , I had made five , one of the most important of which referred to the of the , which happened to be equal to the . \" 's , , dismissed 's . \" There were no made to the ,'' quoted him as saying , with the accusing of fabricating the after the to cover-up her own . Other Bolivian have urged the Brazilian to return her , with one saying was trying to escape . The of the 's , , has been arrested over the . Just six survived . One of them , , said an initial for in the northern Bolivian of had been dropped by the . There was no to the or the that the was facing electrical or , told 's .", "The , 37-year-old , is alleged to have been killed last simply for refusing to hand over her to . The , filmed on and on mobile , sparked . The of the is banned in but claims to have of . Following the brutal in , Chinese said that they detained of of the , reports the 's in . Interviewed in later , one of the , showed no . He said : \" I beat her with all my and stamped on her too . She was a . We had to destroy her . \" The had entered a small in in last soliciting and hoping to recruit to their . was waiting in the with her seven-year-old and when she refused to give her , an which prompted the while they screamed at other to keep away or they would face the same . The public of the of the is a full of uplifting and . But its is that has returned to as a Chinese to wreak the . The only who claims direct with this is a former , , who founded the 25 ago and has since fled to the , says . knows exactly where he is , but much of the 's of outright to the Chinese is delivered in as well as . The complains that religious has suffered from by the . Since the 's , public has forced the to increase on the of the with almost daily and .", "About 1,000 gathered to observe a of and light in of the . There are over 2,000 French living in south registered with the French in . , the of in , said of had been touching . She said : \" We are united in and united in ... And united with all the who have marched across the . \" , of the of was applauded by the as he told them to \" stand together to \" . \" My is absolute ,\" he said . \" We will eventually win and truth over and over . \" was among the many to hold up a for the , while held up . The was marked at the by an . Earlier , he said : \" The in is an for the of to pay their to those who lost their in the truly abhorrent in . \" It is also a to show with the of and all those who believe in upholding our democratic and that are threatened by such senseless of . \" tweeted earlier : \" Standing with the French in and in of of everywhere . this . , . # \" In a of , have been lit in the of the French national . And have gathered in for a huge involving over one million , dwarfing 's that saw 700,000 take to the . On , dedicated his 's in the 1-1 with to the of the . and held a 's to support those attacked in the in on . A was killed on and French stormed two separate in and around , killing three , on . \" We have been really moved by the of of and ,\" said . \" Most of all we appreciate the and . \"", "The moved from his as chief to of earlier this . said the was now \" redundant \" . , who joined in 2011 , told the : \" I am very disappointed to be leaving , but I can understand the and I leave on good . \"", "The want a into the on the 218 \" \" used for . A further \u00a3 475,540 was spent in the first three of 2015 / 16 . A was conducted in 2014 , but Welsh said they do not publish the of internal . However , all internal are shared with the public , the . Welsh Conservative said : \" Unfortunately , the [ ] is refusing to publish that , which leaves a of unanswered : is the getting for ? \" The say they would encourage public to publish all of more than \u00a3 500 . A Welsh said : \" During the for the Welsh annual , the has the to review all of the Welsh 's financial . \" If is suggesting that civil are improperly using then he should raise his with the permanent . \"", "The \u00a3 40m would offer and in the of the . has ringfenced \u00a3 1m towards the of a Scottish , while the Scottish has pledged a further \u00a3 2m . Several are interested in turning other into .", "The has proposed that face harsher for and is asking the to take in a . could be banned from in and set on the of they take for in . Authorised would also have the to request be put on a . , for the , said : \" There is more annoying than getting on your or in the of the . \" wants to get tough with irresponsible . \" The runs until 31 and a is presented to the 's executive in . If approved , the new would come into on 1 .", "from and the said the historic , in the , would become an for prospective . A of will also be taught there . The and an housed in the will remain open to the . drew up a after the announced it was considering closing the to save .", "A rare magnitude-four hit 's west on , producing a of that swept away and led to of a of missing . , the tasked with the and , has since published of the of the and told the that it continues to monitor the , warning that further could take . were submerged and washed away after a hit the of , north-western . used to sweep the after four were reported missing . A of were also reported after 39 were evacuated from . The of is believed to have swept away 11 in the small . The said the was caused by a , which is rare for the . \u00b8 said he was unable to confirm whether there had been . said it was \" not normal \" for such an to hit and warned of .", "It happened at about 12:30 . The died at the . Another is in a critical . The is expected to remain closed for a of while a thorough into the is carried out .", "will be the first foreign to meet the new after his . A post-Brexit free is thought likely to be high on her as she travels to the for . of the came as of of around the joined 's to protest 's . 's gave of 's in his first to at the on . Earlier , while visiting the 's , said the \" is coming over to our very shortly \" . , the , and are all likely to be discussed in the . The 's political said the \" will be very important \" and with about to get under , the will be meeting the new so soon will be \" politically significant \" . Our said there had been a of to make sure was one of the first would meet . In the 's joint of , and , travelled to the to build with the incoming 's ahead of his on 20 . congratulates on taking In a issued after the , said : \" From our to , I know we are both committed to advancing the special between our two and working together for the and of on both of the . \" I look forward to discussing these and more when we meet in . \" has promised to hold \" very frank \" with . She told the she believed the new recognised the and of and the \" of the we have in to ensure our collective and collective \" . On the after his , at least 500,000 gathered for a outside the in while said an estimated 100,000 descended on central on as similar were staged in major across the and around the .", "A monthly costs \u00a3 135 ($ 174 ) , according to a - \u00a3 33 ($ 43 ) more than , which was ranked second priciest . , where a costs \u00a3 95 ($ 123 ) , came third , while , at \u00a3 91 ($ 118 ) , came fourth , and fifth at \u00a3 86 ($ 111 ) . for ( ) said the did \" not show the true of in other \" . The also found the of in the dropped since 2014 , when paid \u00a3 165 ($ 213 ) . : Its ranked tenth most expensive for , and the for . had the priciest , while was the most expensive for a daily , the said . 's fared slightly better , ranked 20th in a of 47 , with topping the for the most expensive . For of , was ranked in the , similar to other \" \" such as , and . According to the , these \" rank very low \" for of , mostly due to \" high , , and \" . \" This is highly subjective and one 's long may be another 's to catch up on ,\" the said . \" may also forsake short-term of for aspirational ,\" the added . , in , was ranked as the best to live in in of of , followed by , . and . In , revealed its was down \u00a3 90m last . is currently planning to cut \u00a3 16bn from its by 2020 / 21 as it aims to become sufficient with its . The of , , has frozen on and until 2020 , but are set by and so are not under full . A said : \" also has one of the most extensive of in the with free or discounted for , the , and . \"", "The , who finished 20th in One last , have signed eight so far this . But having started the with a 0-0 to and a 2-0 to , wants more . \" They 've got to be the right , the right and more importantly they 've got to be good ,\" , 46 , said . \" is pulling together in the right - it 's a good changing and if we can add two or three more I 'll be very happy . \" Although the are still on the for new , is pleased with those who have already arrived . have brought in , , and , , and and . \" Overall , I 'm happy with every single one of them - all of the new who have come in have contributed to what we 've done , they 've been absolutely first-class ,\" told . \" I think it 's pushed the on who were here last as well . The whole at the is in a good . \"", "It will add more than 100 to 's online and , including The , , and . The full is available to initially , with European having to a small . said would increase during a global . , which is owned by , is the most popular digital , with more than 125 million . The sells through direct , with extra like a friends' and , built into the . It 's not the first has released through its . and have been available for , and it previously released gaming-related Free to and : The . It also struck a to sell the to coincide with the of the of the same last . The with , however , is the first large-scale with a major . A for said 's represent the of it hopes will drive the continued of their . On , the worldwide is limited to 11 older , priced between \u00c2 \u00a3 3.49 - \u00c2 \u00a3 5.59 for a 48-hour - in with other online for new . Unlike some of its , however , operates on almost any - including and - but does not yet offer its to mobile . \" has a of diversifying beyond with its by selling other of and as a is willing to test out various and commercial to see what works ,\" said , of at . \" also offers a global with in all major and , for now , very little . It also aligns with 's into virtual with , where are taking of which is being consumed through . \" I think this is a smart from and could deliver a decent incremental from its . \"", "Among those detained is his and one of the two who flew to his . 's said a of 's legal , described as the , was also arrested . , of the , escaped from a high-security through a specially dug . told on that the suspected of the had repeatedly entered to visit and update him on the 's . She also said 's had supervised the of the mile-long and organised . \" we are able to affirm that the responsible for , organising and carrying out the from outside the has been broken up ,\" said , without naming the . The comes after revealed the had suffered and when he narrowly evaded a to recapture him in earlier this . confirmed on that after his , travelled by to the of , from where he caught a small to his of . His was an for Mexican , who taunted on after the . Several have already been arrested under of giving inside to , who fled through a that ran 1.5km from under a in his to outside the . was first arrested in in 1993 and spent nearly a in another maximum-security Mexican before escaping , reportedly in a . He was on the for 13 before being held again in 2014 after a of high-profile of and covert by the .", "is being constructed to replace and and . It will also have which will be available to the . said its ( ) had informed it of affecting the of the . The local said : \" Regrettably it seems unlikely that the will be ready to open in , as envisaged . \" intends the best possible for and , and will not accept these until is completed . \" The is working with the to determine what the earliest possible is for of the whole , and will make further as soon as possible . \"", "want all in to study , , , one of or and a modern at . But some young \" will find it a \" , told the ( ) . said vocational would suit some better . In particular he questioned whether the academic included in the 's would be the best for who wanted to take when they left . \" I can think of , even at the highest-performing , who will find it a and who would have been better suited to do , and and a of vocational ,\" he told the . In , the confirmed she wants all to have to study the five traditional included in the . According to the would ensure all received a rigorous academic and avoid from disadvantaged being put off academic . In , the Conservative pledges that which do not have 100 of studying this of at should not be able to obtain 's top of \" outstanding \" . Both will be subject to a later in the . told the he agreed more young should be studying these - but said the was not suitable for . The of and , which represents secondary , welcomed 's to . said the shared his . He said a recent by the found almost 90 of disagreed with making these compulsory for all . \" It is unfair on young to take a one-size-fits-all to their . \" We are concerned that creative , and vocational will be squeezed out of the . \" said the would urge to make the of more flexible . The for said an additional , 8 , allows to study a wider of . \" As of 8 , will be able to study up to three of our new gold-standard which will provide a real for on to vocational including ,\" said a .", "The will be to and of , the largest ever built for the . on 's , built in the and last upgraded in the , has begun , with expected to be completed next . It forms of a \u00c2 \u00a3 100m to prepare the for the of the first . measures 280m ( 300 ) long and can travel up to 500 ( 800km ) a . The 's are being tested and it will conduct next before being handed over to the . It is expected to come into in 2020 . of is being constructed at around the before it is assembled at . Once completed , the revamped naval is expected to create of in . In 2013 , announced it was ending in , leading to 585 voluntary , 160 compulsory , and the of 175 of .", ", 37 , was last seen by his and two ago . , from in , was seen on at on at 10:16 . He then travelled by to . He was then spotted by a former near in on at 13:30 . is white and of medium . He is about 6ft 2in with short , dark , receding . He was last seen wearing a blue along with a black hooded , blue and white . He was also carrying a dark . has been working with and the . , of , said : \" We are continuing our for , which has now moved to . \" who knows 's in either , or , or recognises his , is asked to contact immediately . \"", "The , once widespread across , is now listed as critically endangered , with around the the only they are frequently seen . But there have been increasing off the Welsh . are being asked to report all accidental of the . They are also being given by ( ) on how to safely handle and release them . can grow up to about 2.5m ( ) in . They are also known as or by in the . They are not threatening to , living mainly on or at the of the and preying on small and . , marine at , said : \" We know very little about the of the in Welsh at the - the could be present all round , or only for of the . \" The that commercial and along the of are helping us with this is really important . \" We hope that the we gather will help us build a much better of the and help our to conserve these amazing . \"", "29 2016 Last updated at 08:38 It 's now reached the and filmed from a shows the hot from the falling off the . there say that the is n't putting any in but have warned to keep their .", "obtained the to stop from reporting of his personal and with former . Last , a granted for the to report about made under in the ( ) . said as a there was no for the to remain . The 's is estimated to be around \u00a3 5bn . Following the of the , the of one of was discussed in the . The were made by under . She said owed the former , now the nationalised ( ) , upwards of 500m (\u00a3 362m ) . , an independent left-wing , said was attempting to pay back at an of just over 1 , when it was arguable that the correct should be over 7 . In to her , for and the returned to the high to seek over whether her could be reported in of the . A told the that he never intended nor could he order any with what a may say under in the . The by to have the discharged relates to a planned regarding certain regarding with . for said they accepted that following made by the in the on , there was in the proposed that had been injuncted that warranted further . The added that as far as he was concerned , the in its could be published , as a of that had happened outside the . On , gave of what he said were related to during a in the . The said he had which led to about the was run in the public .", "A said , 28 , had been contacted by 's governing and an anti-doping about between 2011 and 2015 . The said he was \" beyond disappointed \" , having missed three in 2014 over similar . \" I know who I am , how hard I have worked and the I have made to be where I am ,\" he added . was voluntarily withdrawn by in 2014 while they carried out into the biological of who live and train at high . They said the revealed to raise of . stressed had not failed a and had been withdrawn because of the \" very obvious to him \" . \" We continue to support and remain confident in the independent scientific which was undertaken ,\" the added . \" It is our that this can be looked at and resolved quickly by all the relevant so can start racing again soon . \" A specialist , signed with in 2012 and finished in the top 10 in his first , the 2012 .", ", 33 , was abducted in 2012 as he entered . told the that the Syrian never acknowledged detaining , but they believe the or an affiliated was holding him . The said was turned over to Russian . The has been backing the of amid a civil , which is now in its sixth . The Czech , which represents diplomatic in , helped secure his . said the is working with the Czech to free and other missing or detained in . , a , disappeared in 2012 while working in . He appeared blindfolded in a a after his but has not been heard from since .", "was heckled as he arrived at where he denied six of first-degree . released earlier this showing the of sparked an and the of the of . A federal into the 's is under amid a national about the of . The will explore whether plays a in the of and whether are properly held accountable . , who was 17 at the , was armed with a when he was stopped by . But the showed him moving away from when opened . to what happened How a brought down the of followed the of the , which said was \" disturbing \" . There were for to resign and quit his . On , said the \" deserved \" after a accidentally shot and killed a 55-year-old when responding to a domestic . According to the , was also known as a who spoke out on such as .", "understands the made an for , before changed his over a he brought to . opted to end the out of for his old , who he managed from 2011-2015 , so as not to weaken their against . They are currently 20th in Two , seven above the . Meanwhile , have confirmed the of . The 34-year old joined from in the but made just five for the . \" Further to recent , we can confirm that will leave the with immediate having mutually agreed to terminate his ,\" a from the read . is understood to be a for .", "This can survive a 1400 per in the . You could say it makes for easy . The of says it is cleaner and more secure than the which have been used for the past 100 . But we 're a conservative in : Perhaps we like our filthy . For in , plastic are new . To celebrate the , the old ( now ) introduced the slippery clean to local in 2000 . Two million of the were issued in 1999 . It did not fold quite the same into the back . But then again , neither did it attract the from fumbling in a greasy or to quite the same . That was more than 16 ago , and the trusty are still going strong . If you get a these in , look up and you might see a soar past . In 2005 , the reprinted all of its shortly after \u00a3 26.5m was stolen from its by the . The plastic was the only of not replaced . from said that when the plastic was introduced , it meant was \" away ahead of its . \" \" We wanted to be innovative and be first on the . Over that was eroded a little , because other did not follow . At the it was quite popular ,\" he said . \" It did create a real . found it unusual . They compared it to . \" Down the of which do the lost plastic reside ? Who knows ? But on a well-known one is asking for \u00a3 125 for the plastic . The of the of , , said the new would be cleaner , safer and stronger . \" The of means it can better withstand being repeatedly folded into or scrunched up inside , and can also survive a in the ,\" he said . While the are not indestructible , they are expected to last an of five compared to the current 's two . New - such as a transparent - will make the harder to counterfeit .", "\" I would n't say I 'm tough ... just lucky \" , said who disappeared last while hunting a feral in . found him sitting under a on 12 , around 15km ( 9 ) from where he went missing . A who recently had a , he said he had given up . \" I 've heard of dying after three with no , I do n't know why I survived six ,\" he told . \" There was a of me that wanted to lie there and pass away . I was thinking of my who would see me laying there . \" Wearing only a , , a and , became disorientated in the fierce of the after chasing the . He said he poked a into an and ate the for , a he said he learnt from British . \" They tasted quite good . On the first I had about 12 and on the second about 18 . If they want to call me ant I do n't care ,\" he said . The retired said he spotted several , mustered all his to wave his at the , but could not see him . In the , a local Aboriginal provided with the vital - 's . After coming so close to , he says that he has a new on . But asked whether he would return to the of his he replied : \" I might go back and look for me \" .", "is not supported on this scored twice in the of 138 as disappointed at . \" If you start a like we start then it is very difficult ,\" said . \" It is difficult to fight for the if you show that of to play for a . \" can extend their at the if they beat at on , and added : \" If go 12 clear , it is a big . \" have won just twice on the since 24 , including at and in to at fellow top-six and . In their past 17 with the other top-six away from , 's have won just once . \" In the first 45 you saw a that is not ready to fight for the ,\" the told . \" We are in a that is up to us . But if you show like that you cannot cope with the then it is difficult to challenge and fight for the . \" Former and on of the \" I could n't believe what I was watching , they had the best defensive last and the best this , but they were all over the . Against the big they have played with a three but they had a four , but I think they should have stuck with what they have done against the big - with a three . \" It was so unlike , they do so well at , but the is amazing . There 's a of , and a different when they go away from . They have to improve and quickly . \"", ", 24 , is believed to have been with a who had visited him in and was returning home . The is understood to have arrived late for his back to and was not allowed to board . It is at this that the racial is alleged to have occurred . have declined to comment other than to say it is a private that is now in the of the . A for the told the : \" were called at 19:29 on , 23 following an that a of had been racially abused at , Five . \" The was made by a third . attended and spoke with a in his . He was not arrested . He voluntarily attended a west where he was interviewed under . continue . \" The occurred just over 24 after was sent off during his 's 2-1 over in the .", "reportedly retreated to his , 40km ( 25 ) away , when with the broke down . Many in the Russian-backed are unhappy with the ailing and of . But Abkhazian nationalist is also fuelling the . By The 2014 were billed as a of boosting the by bringing to or sourcing for , but the most noticeable was actually a of : the expanded that penetrated beyond the . Some economic can certainly be attributed to the de facto , but it is that has the real to improve . For , the Moscow-financed in has improved material ( even if human remain a deep ) , but comparable has happened in . However , the 's chief of is 's more liberal ( relatively speaking ) towards ethnic in . He has advocated more fully integrating them , granting them Abkhazian \" \" . The has painted this as a purely political to expand his electoral and say it could endanger 's ethnic Abkhazian . : in The are led by , a former and of , who was defeated by in in 2011 . The coastal is recognised as a only by and a few other . It broke away from after a civil more than 20 ago and declared formal in 2008 . Since then , it has relied militarily and financially on . is reportedly sending two senior , presidential and deputy , to in to the . among the is said to be divided between those who want to rely less on and those who instead want it to become of . accused the of attempting a on and said the remained \" loyal to the \" and were \" taking to stabilise the \" . defended the , saying : \" Over all the of his the did not allow in his to do their . \" He took upon himself 's on their , whether he should or should not have been doing this . That led to our in becoming an authoritarian . In a , the Russian foreign said : \" The Russian is following closely and with ... and considers it important that socio-political develop exclusively along legal . \"", "was travelling by when she spotted a trying to find for her . She tweeted to the and asked for , and was provided at the next . The is known for being proactive on , and has helped many distressed in the . The born in a in 's born in ' ' 's with , a of , happened on 12 , but the came to after the tweeted about it on . She was travelling in the in the western of when she used social to seek for the . Here is how her with unfolded : was not the only who thanked the - praised the too for being proactive .", "The for You 're In With A sees dancing around a mental with and . Mental to said the played into a \" sad and tired \" . The has contacted for a . The sees the celebrity and Kasabian wearing flesh-coloured hospital and taking before gathering their fellow for an aerobics-inspired . to , a trying to change public towards with mental , said the - combined with the of the - was \" unhelpful \" . has previously talked about his own mental . In an with , he discussed the of a 's and how he made himself ill . of to , , said : \" As so many have recently talked openly about their of mental it is disappointing to see this . \" The of the ' ' in a and accompanying featuring pretending to be psychiatric is unhelpful , damaging and disappointing when is moving on from this sad and tired . \" She said while the may have been \" unintentional , or misjudged \" , the will \" only serve to fuel \" . added : \" If think it is OK to call with mental who have been psychiatric ' ' , then we are turning back the of on public that are more respectful and less judgemental of living with mental . \" We are keen to work with the and the to help shift outdated and . \" You 're In With A is the first from 's forthcoming sixth , For Crying Out .", "Nearly 25,000 - 10 of 's - are needed to force a on the . But told only about 8,000 have been collected . 's said it was \" willing to take the from public on this \" . The for was launched earlier this with a of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 20,000 . , from the , said at the that an elected was a \" new , fresh \" that could \" energise the of \" . There are currently 17 directly-elected in with more on the , but there are in . , a for 's , said the has \" moved on \" and a regional was now needed . \" We 're not going to hit the , especially because the refused to allow online ,\" he said . \" We feel we 've moved the on and the now needs to switch to a regional for south . We have to go bigger . \" claimed the - a agreed between , Welsh and local worth \u00c2 \u00a3 1.2bn over 20 - was beginning to stall \" because of \" . \" The has to work together on and ,\" he said . \" A regional is needed . \" He added there are \" sympathetic throughout the and across political \" . is the only Welsh local to have had a on the . there rejected the in 2004 by a of nearly three to one . A for 's said : \" are willing to take the from public on this , and as we have seen there is very little in introducing a further of . \" The is definitely not stalling and is moving forward , despite caused by . \" It will be a huge for and the , and to the are just making . \" A said : \" The is the biggest of its in the and we are confident this ambitious is on . \" The declined to comment in to 's .", "'s and are among 91 of now set to close - 35 were previously earmarked . The 's said the of more than 1,000 from the would affect the . announced the on . He the would deliver better for and release enough across the to build 55,000 . It is also estimated that about \u00c2 \u00a3 140m will be saved over the next by selling off the , which said would be reinvested in creating \" of military \" in across the , including a specialised in . of , , said : \" We are relieved the of will remain in the , but we 'll lose the economic of having more than 1,000 based in the . \" He admitted the could not stop the of the , but said it would work to get the \" best possible \" for the . He said it would be \" seeking \" from the that the could be redeveloped for . \" We need to reduce the on the by using these to create that will bring with them and to benefit local ,\" he said . have described the - which are of a of of - as \" brutal \" and have also promised to fight the .", "& said the , on the of the , could have cost nearly \u00c2 \u00a3 138m a in lost and . Four of , and have been seized . Ten , aged between 26 and 40 from and , were detained on of . Read more for and the said the was kitted out with able to produce and package on an industrial . The took over several last but have only just been released . A of were detained by . A nearby was also searched . , 's assistant , said : \" costs the \u00c2 \u00a3 2.4 billion a in lost , that should be funding vital public in the . \" , 's of , said the into the recovered was continuing .", "A said the was inadequate at protecting vulnerable . said the was good at preventing but this potentially came at the of . said showed a \" commendably strong to keeping safe from \" . She said the had strong , mature who worked well with , and had more than in other . But she said : \" The the investigates more complex requiring specialist is still not good enough . \" Many that we reviewed were not of an acceptable and there were long in examining and mobile for . \" She said the needed to improve its of the posed by organised , improve its for mapping those , and fully mobilise its in the against organised . , temporary chief , said the was already tackling by increasing to protect the vulnerable , and providing more , better and of , and a in how the operated . He said : \" of these can provide an instant but together they are starting to deliver positive . \" A separate by of ( ) in last found 's to protecting vulnerable to be inadequate . and said were already in , including a in chief . This it emerged that had considered seeking as . She resigned last to move to her new as of the said : \" When we look at where the stops , it stays with the . \" But he said the was already turning around , with in and , in violent and , for the 's on anti-social . The has approached for a . In a previous , she said apportioned to her was \" ill-considered and inaccurate \" . \" I was selected to my current by the after a lengthy and thorough and am now focused on leading the in its to cut serious and organised ,\" she said .", "The had charged to watch via the in , and . However , it never came to the . suggest American had threatened to drop the if the had launched locally because they believed it would cost them . Both and the international of screen some of the 's best known , including , , and 's natural . had always described the online as a \" \" meant to provide \" \" . - the 's commercial - first announced it intended to pull for the in 2013 , saying it would instead focus on making available via the . The repeated the in its annual last , but until now had not provided an exact . \" As announced in 2014 , the will be closing this as planned ,\" said a . \" The will close on 26 . \" She declined to provide . The global was first made available as an in 2011 but was never extended beyond 's . European were charged a \u20ac 5.99 (\u00a3 4.30 ) monthly , while and were offered a slightly cheaper of 6.99 Canadian (\u00a3 3.70 ) and 7.49 Australian (\u00a3 3.80 ) . The provided was distinct from that offered via the , including older from the 's in to recently broadcast . In total , more than 2,000 of were on on the global of , including and , , and \" classic \" of . have been notified of the , and auto-renewing are being cancelled . \" We would like to thank all of our for using the . We are now developing to launch new digital across multiple ,\" reads a on 's .", "The in 's , created in 1869 , has been given . unable to immediately pay for a previously used to keep dead in their , contributing to in the . said the was \" ghoulish and absolutely fascinating \" . of listing said many had to keep their relatives' in their small cramped during the early , \" so you 've got the living with the dead \" . The small octagonal used for holding the dead before , was an of the proposed by , to the , who led a of sanitary . The also addressed 's that their would be buried before they had actually died . The of was phased out with the of in the and the is the sole of its in the , according to . said the was \" an important of 's \" as it \" gives us a into how changed Victorian to and public . \" Receiving the could help secure for any on the .", "The winning , by from , shows the wearing a of and with burning yellow . of the in have held similar in the on including the and the . This 's is based on the Nazi , with a instead of a . It encouraged many between the and . \" The ' ' in is a to and ,\" told the . \" Many believe his are similar to . He has had a bad toward [ and ] . \" The 's Holocaust-themed last drew from Israeli . But said it was designed to highlight Western double on free rather than cast on the Nazi . in this 's drew on 's to build a on the US-Mexican as well as against and on the . include several from the and the . 's shows the of two of , one with 's and the other with . They are both are portrayed as 's of the with telling : \" It is a great \" and in replies \" . \"", "scored the decisive with 's the only to miss from the . Over 120 , matched , who again left out of their . The missed the best of the - hitting the from close .", "The joined the 's on a free in 2015 but has made only six for the Two . He spent of last on at and has also spent with and . \" I 'm very excited to be here . I 've worked hard throughout and I 'm desperate to get back playing ,\" told the . Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "said two broke into the near to , , between 23:30 on and 01:00 on . They stole including a of , and . have appealed for and said the may have been \" casing \" the before the . said : \" I believe that whoever broke into this knew what they were looking for - that is the , and . \" Thankfully the , a , who was in the at the , was not injured but she is very upset by what has happened . \" The were described as being well spoken , with Scottish , of average and and wearing dark . One of the was wearing a and . \" Due to the rural of the and the taken , we believe that the two would have had to have the of a . \" It is also entirely possible that they may have been in the before the in ' ' the so I would ask who may have witnessed any suspicious around the during this , or who may have been offered these for , to contact . \"", "'s \" My are with involved in this tragic , and especially with the and of the six who lost their in what is another sad for and . \" \" I 'm being kept fully briefed on the major in . My are with the of those involved and the . \" \" Terrible from - my are with all those affected by this horrific . \" of for \" I share 's deep at the horrible in this . On the of the festive , these are unimaginable in one of the busiest of our largest . \" of \" The from the of just a few before is simply devastating . For the second in a will have to dig deep into their of and as they support the of those who have been killed and injured . \" \" The could hardly be more tragic . I would ask any of to pray for those who have died and their and those who have been injured . \" \" This is a terrible and our and are with all those affected , particularly the of those who have lost their . \" \" This is shocking and upsetting . My and are with the of those affected by this terrible . \" \" in and across the of will be mourning this of so close to . No will be able to do to the the involved will be feeling this . \" Scottish Conservative \" This is a terrible , right in the of 's biggest . expects that ordinary , out to do some last-minute , would fail to make it home .", ", and scored 's , with adding one . got three of 's 10 . took fifth with a 24-17 over , sealed by a last-minute from . beat 25-24 to finish seventh , while beat 24-18 for ninth . had beaten , and to top , before a 24-22 over booked their in the . beat , and to win , defeating 39-26 in the . beat 37-15 in the third-place .", "The was closed between 15 near and , with stretching back as far as 15a for . were called to the at about 18:45 on and have also closed two northbound . A said was being turned around in an to get it off the .", "has secured the potential across the next five supplying to . The in of has already created 100 new to allow it meet the of the . The has also provided additional to the existing 273 . visited the 's near on , following a of on the . She said : \" Ensuring a strong rural is crucial to 's . \" This has secured provides a hugely welcome in providing skilled and across the , as well as providing vital to 's and . \" In particular , I am delighted they will be investing in their already strong , providing vital and to young living in the in a competitive . \" The first added : \" Last when I set out my for I promised to protect 's , particularly our economic , in the of the . \" Driving sustainable economic is at the of that , and I am committed to ensuring this does all it can to ensure 's rural remains prosperous for future . \"", "'s was found in her first-floor in , , at 20:00 on . She had last been seen alive at 08:00 that . had sustained and was pronounced dead at the by the . Her paid to the \" beloved , and \" . They said would be sadly missed , adding that she was \" born , bred and lived in the all her \" . \" The are assisting the in the and wish to be left alone at this difficult ,\" they added . said there were no of a in and so far no clear but they said was murdered in \" a brutal \" . was said to be independent , capable and was an active of the local . She had spent the festive with one of her in , returning home in the new . said 's had spoken to her in the . She told the she was going to the and then to the to visit a . When the did not hear from again he went to investigate and found her dead in her . , of , said : \" She had a brutal . \" An 82-year-old in the of her own being subjected to such a brutal is horrendous . \" \" Whoever has been responsible for causing 's has preyed on a vulnerable and elderly of the and we are pursuing various of as of this ongoing . \" I would ask that who remembers seeing suspicious in the in the and before was found contacts immediately . \" In , with any other that can help us find 's should also get in . \" 's local of said the whole had been \" shocked \" and \" stunned \" by the . The , of , said : \" was of the and very much involved in the of the . \" I have been the here for nine and she came virtually every and I would chat to her at the . \" was friendly and outgoing , a kind who was bright and interesting to talk to . are absolutely stunned . \"", "has sent a capable of carrying of to douse the . The of fast-spreading , mostly in 's central , are being fanned by strong , high and a prolonged . One , , has been destroyed by the .", "The and said for up to 300 new and an industrial were diminishing for a two-state to the Israeli-Palestinian . insisted fewer than 100 had been approved . Its foreign said the new would be built within the of an existing . ( ) said while welcomed 's , they expected it \" to take real \" . \" After almost 50 of systematic Israeli and belligerent military of the of , the must implement the necessary to end Israeli , including through the , end to , and stop funding through US-based fuelling and against ,\" he said . About 570,000 live in more than 100 built since 's 1967 of the and . The are considered illegal under international , though disputes this . In , warned of \" perpetual and \" between and . \" The of the Israeli in announcing this undermine the of ,\" said . said the new would be \" another towards cementing a of perpetual \" that would \" further call into 's to achieving a negotiated \" . It was \" deeply troubling \" , said , because had announced it so soon after the agreed last to a 10-year $ 38bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 30bn ) military for the . However , 's foreign said the new did not constitute a \" new \" . \" This will be built on in the existing of and will not change its municipal or geographic ,\" a said . \" The real to is not the - a final-status that can and must be resolved in between the - but the persistent Palestinian of a Jewish in any ,\" it added . want an independent in the and with as its , and say make this impossible .", "The three were placed in foster after the 's by in 2015 . said he was suspicious the were going to controlled by so-called . But he said their \" \" had \" genuinely changed \" and he concluded that the should return home . The , who is based in the of the , said he was also satisfied that the will meet their 's . He said showed that being in the will be in their best . of the have emerged in published by following private in . The did not identify the . He said they were from but lived in the of . social had asked him to make about where the should live . The were arrested while in a with their at the in , , during the of 2015 . They had not been accused of any terrorism-related as a of their , but had faced . The had told that they were travelling to to visit , although the admitted that he had been \" drawn into radical extreme \" . said caused him \" very considerable \" and he said he was \" suspicious \" that the had been heading for of the controlled by . But he said was not enough . said he had been told how the had co-operated with social after the were taken into foster . The said he accepted that he had said before were \" not appropriate \" and \" not a true of \" , and the had accepted that she expressed \" were wrong \" . \" I am sufficiently satisfied ... that the of these have genuinely changed ,\" said . \" I am satisfied from the placed before me that these [ will meet ] the of these ... in all material . \" He added : \" All relevant point to the that it is indeed in the best of the that they should [ be ] at in the of their . \"", "The endured by and their for a minimum caused a national and in 1910 they held a . It lasted for ten and is credited with changing the of of earning poor . , from a of , has created the after more than two . 's was unveiled on in , named after the who led the 102 ago . He said : \" It 's which is a wonderful of our , but still , I do n't think enough know about it . \" The stands at 10 ( 3 ) and weighs nearly three-and-a-half . The 's with are kept alive every at a rare surviving at in the of the . In 2010 , a honouring was put up in the as of the 100th .", "The warns that a to reintegrate may lead to further . 's Islamist al-Shabab are believed to be recruiting heavily in neighbouring north-eastern . has seen a of militant with one at a earlier this killed 148 . Although the does not mention where the came from , of the of ( ) has confirmed to the that they were fighting for . The 36-page was compiled by the , and the 's interior . found that although most joined the voluntarily , nearly a of interviewed said they were forced to enlist . The of the , the says , provides both \" and for and to \" . \" On the one , they present an to counter the radicalising and of armed ,\" the says . \" On the other , the of the is widely perceived to be promoting further as the themselves believe that they are unsafe and have limited . \" in the was identified by as the main to their successful in the . A of 185 were interviewed , representing nearly 30 of the estimated of 684 in the . The were between 18 and 34 old .", "She was a in a that collided with a on the at about 15:35 on . The who was driving the is in a critical in . In a separate , in , , has been closed following a two-vehicle .", "The is over a 1 that was awarded last to all in , and . The of said worked to ensure a safe was provided during the . It said in had the same as in . \" While we would like to be in a to have done more in 2014 / 15 , it is important to recognise and other non-medical received a of 1 extra with the average through incremental being 3.7 and some receiving 6.7 more ,\" a said . While the most senior in got the in a one-off last , those on lower did not . Instead , most received the annual of around \u00c2 \u00a3 1,500 . According to the of ( ) , all should receive the 1 like elsewhere in the , regardless of their , as well as the in that is built in to the . It has emerged that resumed on between the of and some of the . While those have been described as positive , further industrial is planned , including claiming for all . of the said the was \" being cheeky \" to suggest that in had received the same as their . She said on higher had received a 1 \" temporary \" to their basic in , but at the of the financial in , their went back to 2013 . Incremental based on and was a of the rather than a , the 's said . \" We do n't want to wait until 2016 to find out what 's happening - we want to negotiate a now ,\" she said . told the : \" We are not any less passionate , caring or hard-working than in other of the who have gained this 1 . \" We feel very undervalued by the who have refused to pay this . \" I have been a for 37 - it 's a fantastic but I would worry about its . \"", "said the were arrested on of possessing indecent . A said were ongoing to \" ensure the of those involved \" and to check that there was no ongoing of . Both have been bailed pending further . said the was working with across to make \" aware of the around sharing of themselves and via and social \" . She said : \" The is an essential and social are a popular for to communicate with their , but we need to make sure they stay safe online and know how to use it responsibly . \" It 's very important that we make sure young stay safe online and are aware of the and what they can do to avoid them . \" who may have about they have shared or received should speak with a trusted or the straight away . \"", "found in , , in the early of following of a of fighting . The had been stabbed in the and died at the . , 18 , from , , has been charged with his and is due to appear at . - including moving from 's and - have been laid near the where he died . For more from the , visit Live : A 22-year-old , who was also arrested , has been bailed pending further . A 21-year-old , from , was released without and faces no further . 's former has paid , saying he was \" a lovely \" .", "The opened in 2014 at his near the North Korean and fled , sparking a . He was captured two later after he shot himself during a tense with . It reignited on military in , where all must do about two military . The 's had previously been attributed by a to his \" in adapting to military \" . He had been placed on a of requiring special . In last , the completed its into the and said the , at a near the of , was in for in the and at . The 23-year-old , surnamed in previous but named as by , was found guilty of killing and injuring his by detonating a and firing at them . He was also found guilty of running away with a and , said the . Under 's military , a must face the for killing a . One of those killed was a . The expressed in a last before his was announced , reported . \" I feel deeply sorry for the and their ... I am overcome with ... How happy would I be , had it been merely a and had it been possible to return to the ?\" he said . Past in 's have been linked to and mental . Last , several by young were reported . In , a died after he was beaten by his - an which was only uncovered later by a civic . A was later sentenced to 45 in military for the . Four other were jailed for between 15 and 30 while a sixth was given a suspended . In last , two special died after collapsing during , apparently from . The sparked a public and prompted the to take a tougher on and . Its of resigned and his ordered the of a military human and into of . Prior to last , also saw major in 2005 and 2011 where killed several of their . has said it needs a to ensure national . It technically remains at with , as the 1950-53 ended in an rather than a .", "said the \" was right \" for her to step aside , adding that the would benefit from fresh . She will remain as of until 2019 . , a former and anti-apartheid , has led the since 2007 . \" These of are a long coming , but in the they are made suddenly ,\" she said . was born in 1951 to German . She has been a staunch of 's liberal , keeping a on the leading 's overwhelming . In the , she has openly criticised and led a to bring him before the to face of . denied the , insisting he was the of a \" political \" . The 's is mainly concentrated in the , which has a large white and mixed-race , but had tried to make into the black .", ", 25 , suffered a on the in a to in and was put in an induced . The comes despite saying and his were \" inhuman \" in how they reacted to his life-threatening . \" I ended the 's ,\" told 's . \" He said was OK and that there were no hard , but I 've stopped him being able to make a . \" I wanted to come and see him because I had for him , and that is my British . \" READ MORE : ' I could see no at the of the ' - 's woke from his a after the , which was stopped in the 10th , without requiring an . Speaking to the on , was critical of the to hold a while he was still in . \" I was shocked when I first heard the he had been saying because we had a little on social ,\" added . \" I believe that the is a goodwill - I 'm still ready to come and give it to him . \" The 's a true , regardless of what 's been said , the only that 's important is that he is now OK , he 's with his and he can live a normal with no . \"", "In on , at about 03:00 an told and their , 29 , had been killed . The devastated drove to 's 's to inform her , when he greeted them at the . In , another with the same but different was killed . The apologised for the . After hearing the horrible , the telephoned far-away , then drove to to tell their other in , they told . Then , the grieving set out to inform 's of five . At her at about 05:30 , said he heard a on the as he was getting ready to walk his . Still bleary-eyed from , he was surprised to see his . All erupted with , praising and embracing one another in . \" It opens and right here is . I do n't even see it but is sobbing . It does n't compute to me . Then I see him ,\" told the . \" You want it to be true , but you go , ' Am I hallucinating ? ' did n't know what was going on . \" The have apologised for the , however momentary . told the that the 's and is tempered by the another lost a .", "The joined from in but he has only made three for the . 's One have been hit by several this . \" An has meant he 's subsequently struggled for ,\" said 's of . \" He 's only away for a . He 's still got a massive at . \" Find all the latest on our dedicated .", "The , who was in his , died at in the and were informed of his just after 12:00 on . investigating the of his arrested a 25-year-old in just after 17:30 . There are no further at .", "The were made in a on . has denied any in the of in 2006 . In a , said : \" The dealt with of great public and the stands by its . \" A for the spoke to the on after meeting and two other senior . said the provided an on in their during the in . \" The one that has come out of 's is that the that was being advanced by earlier this , that this was in some carried out by the or authorised by , I think it 's absolute ,\" he said . Asked how the responded to the that was killed by the , and that the had been sanctioned by the , said : \" It just does not stand up . \" It does not marry in any with the of that have been progressed by the ([ ] or by the the ( ) . \" A who said he worked as an for the of the told that he had been told the had killed him . The former , who was in the and , told the that in his such a would have to have been sanctioned by . The could not be identified because of about his . What was told : I know from my in the that have to be approved by the . They have to be given by the of the and the military of the . : Who are you specifically referring to ? : , he gives the final . was shot dead in a remote in in 2006 , after admitting that he had been an for more than 20 . Three later , the said it was responsible . had worked for as an at .", "was faced with 40,000 at the and set up a to treat them for , and . His , , said : \" He had to deal with dying by the every . \" The was unveiled in , where lived . Born in , he moved to the with his in 1973 . About 60 , including of 's , gathered for the at the on the . was commanding a mobile medical close to the German-Dutch in 1945 . He was ordered to move his to take of the sick and starving at , which had just been liberated by the . Around 70,000 had died at the in northern . said his had been reluctant to talk about his Two , due to and wanting to block out such a traumatic . \" There were in his when former , who he had come across at the , got in with him and wanted to acknowledge him ,\" said . \" Other than that , he did n't talk about it . \" In an which is now in the in , wrote : \" Little did I know that I was about to be faced with the greatest of my , with a that would remain engraved on my for the of my . \"[ It ] would instil in me a lasting not only of those who had perpetrated this on , but also of those who had condoned it . \"", "The was discovered on on following a to a local . The has reopened after a in the . The was taken away for forensic . said : \" We appreciate that the caused and are grateful for the and shown by the and . \"", "and at in were told trespassed into its from the outside . It said had been told and were informing nearby . shut temporarily earlier this after a was left unattended on a for two . and the , which owns the , have been asked to comment . The , signed by , said the did not come into with any and ran away when confronted by a . It said , as an extra , the of existing would be raised .", "is selling a 70 in the - which has 39 and more than 3,000 - for \u00a3 140m . The had already announced that it was looking for a strategic to develop its & in . The , which is subject to by the of , is expected to be completed in the first of 2015 . As well as & , owns the , and . It also owns 50 of the in . \" I am delighted to have found a strong retail who will help us to release the financial of our in ,\" said chief . \" This will enable us to focus our financial and on the large and attractive European . \" operates about 650 and 10 in , owning such as , , and . recently took over from as chief .", ", 38 , will take on at on 12 for the . The and became a professional in 2013 having quit two previously . He has a of eight and one from his nine . is the of former British and European and is trained by his , former three-time .", "The red-throated was photographed by a to a in a remote of . The are on the 's after a recent in . , of the 's , said plastic can kill if they eat , or become entangled , in one . He said : \" We urge to take great in the they dispose of or , indeed , any other , particularly and Chinese . \" They pose a direct to our and it is depressing to think that are even reaching remote in a like . \" added : \" Marine such as red-throated are particularly at both at and on their where they can mistake the for or mistakenly use it for . \"", "A found the , who has not been named but was in his , off in at about 23:25 on . He was pronounced dead at the and are treating the as suspicious . A is due to take and have asked for any to contact them .", "for , , a , said voted to leave because of , and and said a \" in \" had been exposed . voted most strongly to leave , with 70.9 backing . , which includes the of and , was the only to vote for . It saw the 's highest . Meanwhile , the in was the fifth lowest in the at 61.8 . Leave won by a tiny of just over 2,000 in the . said his was \" somewhat out of \" . \" With the middle largely voting remain because they see it as benefiting them and the working largely voting to leave because it dis-benefits them - that 's the in ,\" he said . Latest and from Like large of , overwhelmingly voted to leave the . The of in , and was huge , with less than a of voting remain . Arguably the biggest came in , which narrowly backed . was the only to vote . Overall voted 57.9 for and 42.1 for . , the for and a , tweeted it was \" a dreadful \" . \" like me were told you 're scaremongering , we do n't want to listen to the ,\" she said . \" All that has been unfortunately proved to be accurate . We have made a very , very , very bad . \" for , , said had \" gambled with 's \" by calling for a , saying voted to leave \" in \" at the current . was 81.5 in - the highest in the and the only to vote Remain . The was close elsewhere , including in , where the was 50.8 , 49.2 Remain . , a to from the of the , said she felt \" frightened of the \" . \" It potentially gives a for a of against who have immigrated here , whether from the or elsewhere ,\" she said .", "is not supported on this The 2000 is backing fellow to be too strong for in 's in . says \" all the are in 's \" , likening the to the . \" He lives the of an ,\" , 44 , told 5 live . \" He 's very fit , strong and committed . \" I just think has got that , brutish - that that is hard to hold him off . \" Watch : , has won 23 and drawn one of his 24 and beat for the vacant in . has sparred with the 29-year-old , whom he calls a \" rugged , tall , big \" , but says will have the British behind him on . \" will be gallant , brave and it 's a great potentially \" said . \" But I ca n't see him keeping back the that is . \"", "of a aged between 30 and 49 , were found close to the in , in . said two - including one thought to be a , a - were found inside a that was also uncovered . There have been no with of missing in . The said it was still unable to ascertain the of , but it was keeping an open as to how the came to be at four of the at . It is understood the lay undiscovered for up to three . 2 - 3 the of a nearly complete belonging to a had lain at the , next to four of the 5 7 - 5 11 of the 30 to 49 old at the of said they could not rule out that \" he may have been subjected to a \" . The , who was between 5ft and 5ft tall , was discovered by a at the of an . He was wearing a black \" \" soft-shell in a large , a navy blue from at and a of dark coloured , medium-size . said that specific of was first manufactured in 2007 and first sold in 2008 .", "The second is shaping up to be a hugely competitive next with , and among the chasing . And is hoping his new can grab fourth , and a , at least . \" It 's our that we 'd love to try to get in the , that would be a huge ,\" said . The , who had been working as a with after leaving last , is relishing the to take on , and . It 's not always the big that win . I 've been to , and before as a and won The reached the in 2013-14 but were beaten by , who eventually won to the . \" The better are going to go to one of the big three in the , however , that 's on and is not played on ,\" said . \" I 've got to make sure that the I 've got , when they come to face , and , there 's a in them . \" It 's a great for the at to go to , , and pit themselves against what 's going to be a stronger . \" It 's not always the big that win . I 've been to , and before as a and won . \" A former , won the 2010 as . And after succeeding , who left the 's at the to join coaching at , said returning to the was an he could not turn down . \" I probably would n't have jumped at it if it had been any other than , as they mean an awful to me , \" added . \" I left here 18 ago to go to as a and I said in the local I 'd like to go and learn the then come back as . I did n't think it would be as long as 18 but I 'm delighted to be back . \" , who said his eight at had advanced him as \" and a \" , revealed he is close to securing the of a new for . As well as his four-year managerial at , was also assistant to when the latter was . The had previously worked together at , and .", "He was pulled from the by the 's at about 13:35 on , and said . A swam to the and \" recovered him \" after he was found near the of an angling moored alongside , the said . The , said to be local , was airlifted to the in and pronounced dead . said the had been reported floating face-down in the by a .", "'s put 1-6 to 0-6 up early in the second and was always likely to prove decisive in such a low-scoring . 's was cut to a but the moved three ahead again and then held on . and were sent off late on . was dismissed after getting a second while saw after appearing to strike impressive . The , beaten by after in last 's provincial , only had from and to show for their early as several other good were missed . hit back with five unanswered after opened up their in the ninth . 's typically busy was crucial to 's as , ( two ) and also notched . After being held scoreless for almost 20 , found their again late in the first as the lively pointed a free and also hit the from a 45 after missing three earlier long-range . 's at looked a for but instead his went on to become the central in the . The were level at 0-6 a when held his to produce a great past after had flicked on a long . After 's , looked to have palmed in a second but the was ruled out - harshly it appeared - for a square . The controversial looked as though it could be match-turning as another cut 's to the but crucially and then missed to get on . 's superb long-range and an , after more great by , left three ahead with three of normal left and 's seventh was all could summon in the remaining eight of . In to and , and were among 's as they set up a either or on 30 .", "and pre-qualified for the in 2015 , leaving one more to fill . The is whoever finishes first out of , 31 , and in the on 's will be picked . \" I would love to qualify for another and go to ,\" said . The two-time former finished third behind in the opening in on 5 . \" I was happy to come away with a in ,\" told . \" I 'd had a and came off on the and raced on the . \" The will be announced before the , 11-12 . say the of the in will be taken into as well as the . The Welsh would need to finish ahead of and show . won the in 2008 and 2011 , and represented at two . is not supported on this \" I 've been to and ,\" she said . \" means a , but it 's not going to kill me if I do n't go , I 'm a more balanced coming in to this . \" I have a massive to go , but have in my so if I do n't go I have other I want to concentrate on . \" has been in for three preparing for this 's . \" I think my has come on really well since I 've been here ,\" she added . \" I 've had a really decent , consistent of and got some more harder done on the , which I have n't really done up until this . I 'm feeling strong in all . \" It makes a for who has been plagued with in recent . \" I 'm not going to lie , there 's been a few when it 's nearly been it and I 've thought I just ca n't do this any more . . . there 's been ,\" said . \" But there 's always that keeps me going . I do n't know what it is - but there is that keeps you going . \" See on , , 19:30 on , 8 .", "His has lasted just more than a , with limited from the main , . and 's political are among the waiting for the new . The will begin on , with the new to be announced on 2 after an electoral of the parliamentary . and will also have their . While the may widen before 2 , the early for the are and . Born in , the is the of a Mumbai-born and a from . He was privately educated and studied at in , qualifying as a before entering . He was elected to in 2007 as a for and held the and before taking on his current last . In an in 2015 , he revealed that he is gay , explaining that he wanted to be clear on the ahead of the Irish on same-sex . \" I just kind of want to be honest with ,\" he said . \" I do n't want to think that I have a hidden . \" has courted by announcing that convicted of will be \" named and shamed \" on a . In a recent reported by the , he outlined his to , saying there should be \" no economic at all between and \" . The of the former , the has followed his 's to a in the ( Irish ) . As a , he was expelled from the exclusive for drinking and bunking off to attend a . In a candid with , he said he had suffered from a , and lived in the of his more promising , who is now a successful . He went on to study at the in , , before his as the youngest of the in 1998 . He was appointed as in 2011 and for was added to his three later . He has made no of his to lead his - when asked the about his , he said : \" I am very ambitious , so the straight is yes , some . \" But I am personally very loyal to and he knows that . \"", "The was found with serious at her in in 2012 . A second was ordered after a seven-minute in 2014 determined 's was \" unascertained \" . It was due to be held in from 15 and will be rescheduled for while her seeks legal . : , senior for , said the followed a by 's , , who had been unable to secure legal in sufficient . said it was \" of real for to take in the and it will be difficult for him to do so in the of legal \" . He added : \" It is self-evident my and at the may ( depending upon what they are ) have significant for . \" A previously ruled the had been sexually assaulted by her , who has always denied any . has been charged in with 's . The ( ) said it had no \" realistic \" of securing a . The second was initially suspended in after the carried out a of the , concluding it was right not to bring any against .", "The will be known as , and it is expected to start in 2019 . - the joint between and - currently flies the and . These are routinely used to loft , and other national . In , both will be retired as the new Vulcan come on . The first to be introduced will be the first-stage , which will feature an all-new , all-American liquid-fuelled . This will enable to end its of Russian-made \u2013 has mandated . on dislike the that American national are launched with the of Russian . 's is to incorporate a liquid currently being developed by , the run by . When the new makes its , it will initially be married to the current of the . But early in the , this too will be replaced by a bespoke that should give the new a that allows it to exceed even the \u2013 the biggest , most powerful in the , capable of putting of 25 in a low-Earth . Critically , though , the will be substantially cheaper to build and operate . \" A at costs about $ 400m , give or take , depending on the and its . I fully expect the to be less than half that ,\" said , and of . Some will be made by recovering and reusing the on the first-stage following a . The is that after from the , the would detach from the propellant and fall back to , deploying an inflatable to protect them from burning up on into the . would then deploy and a would swoop in to pluck the out of the and return them safely to the for and into a new . will not say how much the Vulcan is costing , but it will run into the of . has to modernise , however . The it has enjoyed with is coming to an , and it is facing increasingly stiff \u2013 at , from a bullish , whose low-cost are winning with and commercial ; and abroad , where and are both moving to new-generation that aim to reduce their also .", ", who was better known as $ or , died aged 26 on 18 at 's . He founded the A $ along with fellow $ and A $ . Now the reports that his was caused by acute mixed . and were found in his and it was ruled an . After his paid to him on social . tweeted : \" Rest in . A $ is . \" wrote : \" should be remembered as a , an and most importantly as an important of . \" Follow @ on , on and on", "on the appear to show in a , just before the at on 24 . \" I 've made some and I 've asked him about it and he denies he was there ,\" told . \" It 's still ongoing and I want to get to the of it . It 's I ca n't comprehend if it is true . \" lost the at 's 2-0 , with playing the full , and are currently six adrift of with six to play . has scored six in 22 since joining the in .", "will play with against and while partners against and . and take on and . Spanish and also stay together to take on and . and played together twice on at , and their in the opening to and was their first as a . However , they exacted in the to hand the their first ever . , who lost to and in 's when paired with , also has the to avenge that . The is again paired with after they convincingly won their 3 & 2 . has also opted to keep and together after their similarly dominant 3 & 2 on . American keeps with three of the that dominated the opening . The only is and , who won their , coming in for and . The won 's 4-0 but hit back in the , winning that 3-1 .", "for have risen to \u00a3 15.50-per-sq over the past , according to commercial . But they are still well below the of \u00a3 24 . It is claimed that the of a relatively low financial is acting as a to substantial . In , an said there is a of A in . are classed as new or refurbished , in prime , with open-plan . of in said : \" The of in has led a of major to develop their own . \" Further rental in the is necessary to encourage new in the . \" has slowed since the 2008 . of public could soon be made available to to help them build , after a recent for described as \" extremely limited \" . is exploring whether to advance as \" a short-term \" .", "The was trying to find a vulnerable missing in the . It carried on with its while a was dispatched to investigate the . were unable to find out who was responsible . said it was \" very distracting \" . Live on this and other from He said : \" On the , I 'm the only . \" If I get hit in the and I 'm blinded , who 's going to fly the ? on the do n't realise how serious this is . \" The ( ) said saw two of from the at about 23:00 on . The reported 35 on its in 2014 and 91 in 2015 . There was a of 1,400 on reported to the last . have been jailed in the for pointing at in the , but the themselves remain legal . , a for the ( ) , said need to change . He said : \" There 's no on the of these very powerful . \"", "The artificial - - watches of a speaking and matches the to the of their with 93 , the said . Automating the could help , they suggested . But said the needed to be tested in real-life . is a notoriously tricky with only able to decipher what is saying up to 60 of the . \" have enormous , with in improved , silent in public , covert , in noisy , biometric and silent-movie ,\" wrote the . They said that the was provided with whole so that it could teach itself which corresponded to which . To train the , the - from 's - fed it nearly 29,000 , labelled with the correct . Each was three long and followed a similar grammatical . While human given similar had an of 47.7 , the had one of just 6.6 . The that the learned from specialist led some on to criticise the . Writing in , pointed out that the had \" limited and a single \" . \" While it 's promising to perform well on this , it 's not really groundbreaking . While the may be able to read my better than a , it can only do so when I say a meaningless of from a highly constrained in a specific ,\" he writes . The was partially funded by 's artificial .", "That the is still ' bold ' but ' dependable ' , ' outward ' and a of free . She has done that in private with several and a with . But very frank from the , and , the of the , will steal of the instead . Remember she was an , albeit a pretty quiet , of staying in the in the first , with the one of her main . So says she has n't been surprised by the about the . And perhaps dealing with public of that have been already expressed in private is n't really the . Perhaps the real for the now not so new prime is that the biggest on her abroad are the same as those at . Other want more of her for 's after the . But with no , or like the of post-Brexit from , there is n't that much that she can really tell them . The political of such a relatively blank is that will fill the .", "won by six after a featuring three in on . The reported that the was the of an into suspicious . \" There was wrong with that . I have no about my ,\" said former . The declined to confirm or deny that it was investigating the . collapsed from 132-2 to 208 all out before triumphed with nine to spare . said : \" Yes , we lost the . You lose and win , and it 's unfortunate the the whole happened . \" chief told : \" I would n't be suspicious of that . \" He said had reported from in recent .", "confirmed the to the 's , saying it wanted to focus on \" that work well for both and \" . Long unskippable are seen as a by many , and has introduced shorter . One said the reflected the between online and linear . \" The 30-second is a from ,\" said , of at the . \" It 's a standard which has been put online , but it 's not the most effective to advertise . \" This will encourage to be more creative about the they use the . \" Many other , including the 's international , feature unskippable 30-second on . \" from for is high , but there 's a of ,\" said . \" It 's good for to focus on ' - are n't forced to sit through , and do n't need to pay if their is skipped . \"", "'s , of and 's missed 's 3-0 in because of . returns after serving a two-match but rule out and . is also in the 23-man . of , - recently released by - and are the other uncapped included . The will meet up for a in on 1 for five before the reconvene on 8 . , , and have been called up to train with the that . 's is set to win his 50th at while , the other in the in , is also in 's . is back after a a two-match following his red in the against last . are currently second in 2016 , behind on goal . has been ruled out after having on a dislocated while is absent because of a . started against in of , who missed the after suffering a . 's and of are also missing because of . and are both unbeaten after playing five of their 10 , and the at has already sold out . 's drew 0-0 with the 2014 in in . ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( - ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) .", "A for said if they lost the there would be wide-reaching for . He said it would mean a Muslim could not refuse to print a of the . The in was taken by gay , . He placed the for the with . No has been given when the will be issued . The for told the in that needed to make clear in what they would and would not do . He said had in their and to prevent them baking the which ordered . Earlier , the of the in the was defended in . The has set aside a of up to \u00c2 \u00a3 40,000 to pay for legal in the . It has been criticised in recent by a of unionist over the to take the . A for said the was the \" \" of anti-discrimination . He said it was duty-bound to defend them . \" The has statutory to uphold the ,\" the added . He defended the that an out-of-court was not reached . \" It ( the ) can never be allowed to compromise on what it believes is the ,\" he said . The total of the has yet to be determined . Last , before the began , an said : \" We can confirm that \u00c2 \u00a3 8,586.60 has been spent on this to . \" The final will be not known until the is concluded . \" Outside the on , , general of , said they were grateful that the had now concluded . \" We are very thankful to all those who have supported us ,\" he said . \" It has been a stressful for our but most of all we are thankful has sustained us through it all and we now await the and the from the . \"", "said was allowed to eat with the and use their . , 59 , , 39 , , 36 , and , 34 , deny several . They are accused of forcing , 46 , and another - referred to as - to work for tiny . described how he had met when he was 18 , and offered him . He said , originally from , had stayed in his 's , then moved to a converted with a . The heard that was paid \u00a3 20 a , which went up to \u00a3 50 as he became a more skilled . described how used to buy for the youngest of his , who called him . He denied assaulting during the he was working with him . The has previously heard from the alleged that they were only paid \u00a3 10 per or less , sometimes in the of or , were beaten or threatened if they did not do as they were told and were hunted down if they tried to get away . All four deny one of requiring another to perform forced or compulsory between 2010 and 2013 . , of , , has also pleaded not guilty to eight of causing actual , four of and one of to kidnap . Elder , of , denies and to kidnap . , also of , has pleaded not guilty to causing actual on a between 2009 and 2013 . , of , also denies one of between 2001 and 2002 . The continues .", "said from the east died in on . A in his remains in a critical in following the . It happened on the at about 15:00 on . Two other were taken to for to their after the . Their are not believed to be life-threatening .", "The of was launched by and British and at and in . and were among 12 inducted in to the \" \" . of the will be able to visit from . The of was established in 2006 , and absorbed the of in 2014 , but has previously never had a physical . The , which honours and who have enhanced the through exceptional , features of and . The 10 other inducted in the of were 's and , 's , and , 's , 's , 's , 's and 's . , , , and can all be considered for the of but they need to have been retired from the for at least three and have demonstrated 's \" \" to be eligible , The of is said to have been accidentally invented in 1823 after , a at a public in , caught the and started running forward with it .", ", 46 , will be at the at to help prepare young British for their chosen . She said : \" I have to pinch myself really , because it 's an enormous to be in this unique . \" The was founded in 1947 after two older military merged . from , , will oversee the academic and the physical of the intermediate and senior of the . The married said : \" It 's interesting to see 's in this traditionally male . I 'm a and of a , so I am bound by juggling those domestic as well as delivering a , so to speak . \" She said she would \" lead by \" and encourage permanent to \" try and make for their \" . During her 24-year has led on and in , , , , , and She spent two as the first female Commanding at 47 . She said : \" I like to think I was boarded for this because I had the right key , , and to be able to do this effectively , as opposed to me being here because I 'm female . \" Although , I recognise that being in this means I may come across as a for our future female . \" Famous to have trained at include and .", "on in was targeted on by carrying what were thought to be . was injured , and have not released any of what was taken . In , , and worth of of were stolen during a at the 's in . A 24-year-old from was arrested on 8 in with that and later bailed pending further . said : \" There are clearly between [ 's ] and the that took in in and numerous of are being pursued in both . \" would like to speak to who may have seen , or have of , a silver bearing the . \" We believe this was involved in the [ ] and it was later discovered abandoned in the next to on , . \" We would also appeal to local and to those who run local and to alert us should they have had any who may have raised their over recent and who may have spoken with a . \"", "The shared a of 187 after and fell in quick . 's was his first in a and he made 111 before falling to . was dropped on 31 by and was still there on 152 not out at the , with 337-4 . went into the second in the One , just six behind , with down in sixth and , and , who are all on international . The , who won the by beating in the corresponding last , opted to bat first after winning the and put on 64 for the first with before a thin to the off saw him depart for 22 . was bowled by five later , but the had crucially been unable to hold onto a low caught-and-bowled offered by . The was first to three following the , and although departed when he missed an attempted to a that kept slightly low and was bowled by , he passed 150 with a off - the of his - in the final of . told : \" It 's about I did this and also about I started to score more consistently . That said , I do n't want to take away my natural to play attacking . That 's the I have to find . \" Our has given me to go in and play at the same of as I would in one-day and transfer that into the red-ball . \" When the are as flat as they have been at 's it 's a little easier to do that and I 'm glad it came off . \" told : \" It 's been a tough , what with the and a that 's pretty benign . The stuck to their really well . \" A few fell short and some very close did n't go out . It was a frustrating , but I ca n't fault the for their . \" We started this trying to win it and we will pick up by making sure we do n't lose it . \"", "The happened as the walked under a on , near the with , at about 22:00 on 10 . Both were described as being white , aged about 14 or 15 and wearing dark-coloured . One of them had brown in a . The was taken to the for and later reported the to . , of , said : \" This was a completely unprovoked and senseless on this , which has left her blind in one . The responsible must be caught as soon as possible . \" To point a laser at is highly irresponsible . Extensive are ongoing to trace the two , with carrying out in the local and studying to identify them . \" He asked with to contact .", "was drowned in the two before at his . , 65 , of , , said he drowned in a but denies . told the : \" In over 30 , this is one of the most callous or I have been involved with . \" was in 's at his while his - the 's - was out last . Giving at , said his of was that he had a psychopathic , characterised by a \" callous for the of \" and an \" to experience \" . He said would exaggerate his and engage in manipulative to get himself into . But despite his mental , - who has dealt with more than 800 - said understood what he was doing and that his to form a rational was not impaired . He told : \" Although his was abhorrent , immoral and illegal , it was rational . When asked if he was surprised had killed , he replied : \" Yes - I am surprised . \" Earlier in the , , defending , asked whether he had drowned his , to which he replied : \" I drowned him in the , yes . \" He told the he drowned because he was angry with the 's . The continues .", ", 31 , joined the in 2009 and has made 172 since his from . He began his at in 2001 and having played for , and , is keen to finish at the . \" From my of of I would ,\" told . The is so strong we have in every and it is we have to get on with and deal with \" I 've been on numerous saying how much I 've enjoyed my here and some of my best as a have been with this . \" But it 's not my . All I can do is do as well as I can on the , it is not solely down to me . \" , who captained in the last , was on the substitutes' for their against but started at last . Despite being disappointed at missing out on on a on the first of the , is confident he can be a in the . \" In you come in and work hard and it is all geared up for that first ,\" he added . \" So it 's disappointing ( not being selected ) but that is . The is so strong we have in every and it is we have to get on with and deal with . \" The makes a of saying it bears no on the , it is just a to get the done , and as you get older you see the bigger and for us this it is going to be about every single . \" It is healthy ( to have ) , I do n't think any should be guaranteed a . \"", "The is to be developed on a between and to the of . The new would allow the to move out of historic . The Scottish is to fund the of the new two-storey . The and has proposed that the has six . It would also have available for supporting and advising and of domestic , sexual and provide \" an for solving \" to help reduce and . has said the would be an important for the and the wider .", "The are seven adrift of the and have been placed under a . has insisted he is still the to lead the but says his is under . \" He knows the ; he 's done this before ,\" said . \" knows the . I talk to him on a regular and he knows what 's ahead . \" He has been here for a with us and of his comes under , it always has been . To say it never has been would not be true . \" The 's out on every single one of us every we have to deliver . \" have been placed under a by the following a of . The have become the fourth currently under a , joining , and . The will be in for the of the . confirmed he had spoken with but said there would be no over a new for him this . The former says is still as committed as ever to the and denied the 's of showed a of . \" You see bigger building and thinking the they put in will give them a great , but it does n't guarantee it ,\" said . \" You 've got to cut your accordingly . There are in . \" continued : \" You ca n't just go spending \u00a3 5m here or there . Whatever we do it will have to be under financial . \"", "Next was found to have used a called a . The ruled diverted to foreign to claim on overseas . Such are a in which avoid on foreign that are then paid back to the . Under designed to prevent double of , were able to claim for paid on they made overseas . But some were able to exploit the through the of artificial involving what & ( ) referred to as \" complex circular of between in the same , so they can claim there has been double \" . Known as , this enabled to avoid by diverting made in the to foreign . The foreign then paid on those - often at a lower of - before the were paid back to the . Finally , the received from for the already paid by its . As a , were able to claim far more had been paid on their overseas than was actually the . Legal in 2005 and 2009 mean are no longer possible or attractive , added . The is the second to reach , following a 2013 against & , although the appealed against the and an is outstanding . said about \u00a3 130m in was at across 20 , which were awaiting the & and . About 70 have already been conceded by that wanted to avoid going to . This has brought in more than \u00a3 500m in , it added . 's of , , said : \" This shows how takes effective against big that try to avoid paying through convoluted , artificial . expects all to steer well clear of such . \" In a , said it had paid the owed to \" some ago \" and that this had been fully accounted for at the . The described the between itself and as \" a technical around complex \" which had now been superseded . It added that current generally allowed to \" repatriate their without a \" .", "The \" \" at a derelict in attracted of when it opened last . Other include and and the Two of . The will be announced at a , hosted by , at 's on 5 . Now celebrating their 20th , the honour \" the very best of British and \" . competes in the visual against for ( ) at The and : After at the . Historical is joined in the alongside 4 's and ( ) . In the , , and , and go to . The features , 45 and , while the are , , and and . said the were a \" on a unique in British cultural \" . He added : \" This is the of these annual and a through the shows an extraordinary of , ever-changing but always the same in its high . \" 2016 FULL OF", "Last , , 37 , of , had to remove the close to his . He told that the he was shown earlier this was the first since 2013 not to show a . said it was better than winning at the in 2012 . The won the in . Following that he has been training to compete in . However , the had affected that and even risked crushing his and stopping him from breathing . said he had been dreading the of his latest , fearing it would still show the . He said : \" I almost passed out . I thought I was going to be sick and I did n't even want to look at the . \" After being shown the the said he went through a \" of \" . He said : \" It took two or three for it to sink in . When it did sink in I was on the home and I just started crying . \"", "have confirmed that 's highly anticipated to the is not to be . crashed at the of in while the has suffered mechanical this . \" Naturally I 'm disappointed but it 's not surprising given the the has experienced ,\" said of the . He added : \" I had hoped for a different as is obviously a big , and he 's never made any in the of his for the , which after all is the international where he 's had the most over the . \" I 'm sure the has n't been taken lightly by him or the and I wish well , whatever the next in his may be . \" Putting this aside , I 'm very happy with the of this 's . We 've seen some incredible this from the of , and in particular , and I 've no they will bring the same spectacular to . \" will be there trying to end their on a high , and the is wide open - I think we could see a few dark in the and ready to make their at the 's fastest . \"", "The fell below 4.8 in early , before recovering to above 5 by late . are a designed to reduce , as have to pay to emit . A sharp in for has led to a massive of . of the 's also argue that the issued too many in the first . The has proposed freezing up to 900 million to tackle this . \" There are too many because of the ,\" said , for . The of recovered slightly on after for an of 3.5 million was stronger than expected . A weak undermines to reduce . The of needs to be a good higher than 5 - some believe between 25 and 30 - to provide an adequate for to cut and invest in cleaner , say . The is central to 's to meet its of a 20 in from 1990 by 2020 .", "The , 's , has been asked to return the excess , the said . On , resigned following a public over the . is struggling with a large and a widening public . The involved respraying the 116 imported and adding of the current , his three immediate and 's first of , . A proper was \" not followed and the did not ensure for ,\" the said after a by . and anti-corruption have raised over the spent , which they said was far too much , forcing the to set up an . The 's in the , , says many think the is not doing enough to tackle . They want to see being charged for causing financial to the , he adds . 's is the first by a Ghanaian in more than a and comes amid by the to cut as it implements a three-year to restore fiscal . Earlier this , banned public , including , from first and he suspended non-essential .", "The came a after it emerged a was being held by investigating the of three at the . , 29 , was arrested at a in on . say he has claimed for the and spent more than a in . told 1 on : \" There are who recruit . There are as I 'm speaking being made . \" \" We are acting everywhere . There will be no in the against . \" There is no of a between the four on and the of during a random on a arriving from in southern on . But is said to have had with radical and served five in in for before being released in 2012 . When he was arrested , he had with him a and a believed to have been used in the , the said . He was also said to have had a white emblazoned with the of the of and the , a fighting in , and a with a 40-second showing the two and a , claiming for the . Speaking on French on , the of French Jewish , , called for more to be given to the foreign , the , to track returning to from . He feared \" they would become 700 when they return \" , referring to the estimated of French-born in . has requested 's from and have to decide whether to extend his until . Three died when a opened at the in the busy of the Belgian on 24 They were an Israeli in their , and a French female . A Belgian , believed to be an of the , was critically injured .", ", grew up in , , but worked at the of . He died at the of 49 on . He was in of the that recovered the of in 2008 and in 2010 . 's recognised his . \" I remember him as an awfully nice who was so good to our . He worked tirelessly in the most dreadful to find my ,\" she said . \" May he rest in . \" had previously described it as a \" \" to lead for the and said their had far outstripped at the of the . , the chief forensic and with the for the of ( ) , said : \" began with the in 2006 and with his great and made a huge to our . \" Searching for the Disappeared in bleak and inhospitable requires a special of and as well as great and that is what had in . \" Seventeen - 16 and a - were abducted and murdered by between 1972 and 2003 . The was established in 1999 to obtain in strictest that may lead to the of the of the Disappeared . The of 10 have been recovered . , from the , which has supported the of the Disappeared since 1995 , said : \" had a of humanising the which helped understand more clearly what was being done to find their loved . \" There was a between and the and that is reflected in the of them who have contacted to express their and . \" A for the of said and had been left shocked by the . \" was an incredibly motivated , loyal and reliable ,\" he said . \" He inspired and supported of in archaeological , he supported the local in in so many and he achieved a 's in helping to ameliorate the and of of the . \" This is a very sad for and at the of , both present and past . \"", "( ) wants to carry out on , in , . said the would be \" devastating \" for . said the did not include for hydraulic - better known as . has applied to carry out to check the of the for , through . A separate would have to be made to carry out . plans to develop one vertical exploratory well , drilling for about 14 , and possibly a second horizontal , drilling for about 19 . During , would take 24 a . The said at the 's there would be an of 18 heavy and 10 light visiting the each . , , said : \" We object to the 24 a for several . The of this and the will have a devastating upon the . \" , for the , said : \" If is granted , the would allow to evaluate the potential of trapped beneath the . \" Depending on the of the , may , or may not , seek to extract the using , but that would require a separate which would be subject to further . \" Before this of the , the is required to monitor in for 12 . A separate has been submitted , which is yet to be considered .", "say the of in The was \" an to \" . The has apologised . The was due to perform on in and is said to be dismayed at the . Muslim-majority has previously warned other international to dress modestly for their . are forbidden in and using the \" \" in a deemed disrespectful offends many . The of with several in and written on her features prominently on her official . It is not clear whether 's is permanent . The , and says it was not aware of the when it initially approved the , the 's in reports . Some began protesting after The published the . Now the says it is justified in banning 's because it breaches religious and cultural . said a had decided to cancel the because 's was \" an to and a very serious \" . According to the , the \" triggered public that could jeopardise national and cause a negative to the 's \" . are in with and hope the will be reversed , the reports . , 41 , had already arrived in . She is \" worried and dismayed \" over the , according to the . The has asked The to explain why it published the . The has already apologised , saying its in 's was \" inadvertent \" . \" We deeply regret any caused to and sincerely apologise for the ,\" the said on .", "The 's was one of two found on near , , and 's on 22 . The found in died soon after , but the other was being looked after at the in . said it had struggled to feed itself . The were believed to be from the of 5,000 ( 8,000 ) away and were among a small which washed up on British and European last . told : \" We thought we had a 50 / 50 , which would 've improved if it had started feeding . \" It was getting some in other but not really enough to recover . \" We were following a strict agreed arrived at after with here and in other - who have of this of . \" The , possibly aged about 20 , is now with a specialist who will determine the of . : for ( )", "joins the with immediate for an undisclosed , signing a until the of 2018 . He was presented to the during the half-time of 's 48-4 of on . The played three for the in 2013 . is not supported on this \" I 'd like to thank for the to try a different , a different and also for assisting my which allowed me to represent my ,\" told 's . \" However , after a long thought-out and at this in my , I realised that the was right to come home . \" I am very grateful to for taking me back to the best in the . It means to me to pull on the famous and white again . \" , who made his as an , joined at the of the 2011 , shortly after scoring a stunning in the over . He is currently recovering from a and is not expected to be fit for about four . His to return to is a for the , after switched and agreed a to for next . 's younger swapped for at the of last , after helping the to a and double . is not supported on this", ", a of the 's , has made 18 for the in all . The had a with One in 2015 , making two . \" I 'm delighted to sign for the long , it 's great that the believe in me and see me as of the ,\" he told the .", ", 25 , scored 25 in the last , helping the to a mid-table . He returned to after a at in 2014 . \" The wants to play and I ca n't and wo n't have a at who want to play at a higher ,\" told . \" There are at our who have come in for him , but his has categorically said he does n't want to sign for another . \" It 's one we might need to be patient on . \"", "The will be the first giant to be born in . Earlier this , 10-year-old mated naturally and was also artificially inseminated . However , the at are unsure which has resulted in the successful . was sent to 's this to take in a . The 100kg - described by the as \" inquisitive , active and vigilant \" - attempted to mate naturally with two male on five different and one of the was deemed successful . But to improve the of a viable , was also artificially inseminated . Repeated in late confirmed she was carrying a , said . Two have travelled to from to provide - and post-natal and the 's executive of zoological said she was \" cautiously optimistic \" about the . is a notoriously difficult , with only ovulating once a . It is common for giant to re-absorb the into the in the late of . The is typically five and one or two are usually born .", "of remain in critical after the , apparently caused by set off by a heavy . say it is possible the of could double . The came as marched silently through the Romanian in of the . carried and lit at a outside the . Romanian has said seem to have been ignored at the . The broke out at about 23:00 local ( 21:00 ) on at the , which was hosting a free by the to . Up to 400 are thought to have been inside . say the caused the and a to catch and produce heavy . A for the followed . More than 140 are being treated in , some with severe . On said all of the had been identified . has declared three of national .", ", 44 , also known as \" \" , was found dead at a on , , on 1 . , 51 , of , denied but pleaded guilty to . accepted her . She was remanded in at ahead of on 21 . The heard had been out for the at before returning to and visiting in the .", ", of , , suffered severe following a \" traumatic \" at , , in 2007 . In 2012 , admitted . At 's earlier it was ruled the will pay a tax-free every for the of 's . ruled the must pay an index-linked starting at \u00a3 225,000 and rising to \u00a3 290,000 when she turns 18 . While admitting it was at , the had disputed the of the for . It has been providing financial to the since 2012 . , now eight , is totally immobile and dependent on being fed through a . The was told she is at constant of as she cannot control her . Despite her , she suffers that leave her \" screaming inconsolably at the of her for \" . do not stop the , which can only be quelled by in a . 's now works in and the includes \u00a3 1.6m to buy a in . Further will be needed to adapt it to 's and install a . The awarded a \u00a3 295,000 for 's , and and he paid to her for the \" calm and intelligent \" they had dealt with the . medical said : \" We are very sorry for the caused to and the caused to her as a of the arising from her . \" The she suffered are very severe and a for her and her . Her have had to cope with extraordinary in looking after her . \"", "said had not undertaken a \" robust \" of the 's who had been jailed for sexual . The 's heard the had a \" complex \" . The said the should be placed into foster . A said the has already been moved to an \" appropriate . \" The explained in a written the 's had mental and separated from his several ago and was now in a lesbian . His has , an and had been convicted of having unlawful with a 16-year-old when he was 21 . from this and more from The had been living in the of his , who was in his , who had been given an eight-year in the early . He had admitted unlawful sexual and a serious sexual with his when she was aged between 11 and 13 . said the had been released on after serving five and was assessed as \" low \" . The were raised after the was asked to make about the long-term of the at the . He said the had lacked \" any of \" in bringing the to the of a . A said : \" This does not appear to have been handled appropriately , or with the required , and our own is under . \" We have already put in new to improve and oversee the are carried out , and further is under to ensure are expedited . \" The also ruled that of those involved in the could be identified .", "The 's accused of dodging from European . were also urged to install to stop tracking them , regardless of whether they had with it . The social said it complied with and questioned the Belgian 's . The attacked after trying to find out more about its . \" tramples on European and Belgian ,\" it said after publishing a analysing that the made to its in . In a , it said that has refused to recognise Belgian and other national , insisting it was subject only to the in , the of its European . \" has shown itself particularly miserly in giving precise ,\" the said , adding that the of its were \" disconcerting \" . The , which was working with its German , , French and Spanish , said that would not explain in how it used it collected . A questioned the but said it would review the 's with the Irish . \" We work hard to make sure have over what they share and with whom . \" is already regulated in and complies with European , so the of the [ 's ] is unclear ,\" she said . This is the second damning this on 's of from the . In , it said it placed \" too much \" on to navigate its complex .", "The , which focuses of the of the aristocratic and their , will go into next . This is in to the special one-off which will air at . Created by , who is set to return for the next , the first aired in 2010 . \" It is fantastic that continues to be such a - still the most popular on in its fifth - and we are thrilled to have commissioned a sixth ,\" said , 's of . \" We do n't know yet what has planned , but we are looking forward to working with him , the fantastic and again , and have no six will be unmissable . \" have yet to confirm the full . Earlier this , who plays , talked to about some of the , including and , who are said to be of the . \" It 's only a of before they are on the ,\" joked about the . \" and [ of ] are of the too . \" To have them like the as well as trying to run and is great . \" The fifth of ends on 9 . Follow @ on and on", "dismissed of angry between the two as \" \" although he jokingly acknowledged he occasionally swore . said she was \" focused on 8 \" . and were speaking at a they arranged to attack 's . Taking from after claiming 's created a multibillion pound \" black \" , they were asked about of a between their since the over in 's . Asked by political whether they would \" still be \" after the general - the 's official is 11 - said : \" I think it 's true to say that the and I and every other of my are focused on 8 . \" She was also pressed to give an of her , replying that she was \" very happy to do so \" . \" As says , we have worked together for many ,\" she said . \" Longer than we would care to identify - that 's an age-related , else . \" said he and worked \" very closely together \" . He added : \" What I candidly admitted - and my will confirm this - is I do occasionally swear . \" This the 's that he sometimes swears , as he sought to play down of with , wo n't have helped . Nor will the twice refusing to say he would still be her if she is elected . She did , at the third of asking give him her . And moving him after the if the win would be a dramatic and risky . But this 's wo n't have helped between the two . Read 's", "The said it was \" not an easy \" and had \" enormous \" for its and . Set in the , the told of a charismatic trying to revive his struggling . Its included in the lead , as his and 's as a rebellious British . and were among the 's executive , with the latter directing its . The in was watched by 764,000 , though the average subsequently dipped to 650,000 . \" After careful , we have decided not to proceed with a second of ,\" said in a . \" We have enormous for the creative and cast for their hard and on this . \" , another in the , told an Australian on the felt like \" a in the \" . , meanwhile , thanked her for their \" kind \" and said she had been of \" special \" .", "In its annual , the said its local carried out a of 349 with at of in 2015 / 16 . The considered most at were aged between 12 and 15 . Across the as , the of from suicidal almost doubled from the total five ago . The show that plagued by suicidal contacted 19,481 throughout the last - an of one every 30 . The also said were more likely to seek its than . , a senior with , said suicidal were a of the \" that young are under \" . \" They might have poor mental , they might be feeling from , within the ,\" she said . \" When they come to us , what we 've noticed is that , on average , one in contacts each who is feeling suicidal . \" One 17-year-old who contacted the last said she was having coping at and finding the \" a \" . \" In the , I 've had to take some off because I 've been suffering with mental ,\" the told . \" Sometimes I feel so stressed and useless ; I just have to walk out . \" I sometimes feel like I want to die . \" 's , , said : \" We need to understand that there are and young living in that are experiencing significant mental , , and of . \" These are who have very little and who very often feel that is simply not worth living . \"", "The new , which will replace the existing on , will be to a new \u00a3 2m . The ( ) said would begin in and take a to finish . were approved by 's and . divisional said : \" We 're delighted that the have been approved and this heralds an exciting new in 's rich and long lifesaving . \" The will be funded from various including , and . The will replace 's current in 2016 . , , said : \" While it will be a to say a fond to our existing , which have served us admirably over the , it 's to look to the . \" for the were approved despite a of from local who claimed the would not \" blend in with existing \" , with one branding it a \" \" .", "The , excluded from the by after a , won in one 54.75 in . , an 18-time , also recorded the 's fastest to win the 100m and 200m . won 200m individual in 1:55.81 on . , 31 , also holds the for the of 1:54.00 , which he swam in 2011 . \" and I have been pretty dominant in that since we started racing back in 2004 ,\" said . \" I 'm looking forward to getting back in and competing with him . \" I 've been away from the for a and I feel like I 'm kind of back where I used to be . It 's good to be here . \" On , won the 100m in 50.45 , faster than the 50.56 South African swam to win on the same . A earlier , won the 200m in one 52.94 in - faster than 's swam in winning the in , . , who was convicted of in and served a six-month from , now has a 55 national .", "The , of 23 , is being questioned on of causing by dangerous over the on the at about 04:45 . The two who died , both aged 22 , were from the , said . of the southbound was closed for seven after the at , a said . The has since reopened . A said it quickly became apparent to arriving at the \" that could be done to save two that were in the \" . They were confirmed dead at the . A third \" was treated for multiple minor \" and taken to . with any about the is urged to call on 101 .", "have been on the the since 's on 19 - a after a where he sustained unexplained . have been looted and thrown at , injuring several . It was the first in the of professional that had been locked out of a . The at started at 14:05 due to the 's 22:00 in the of the , with winning 8-2 . Among the few able to witness the were those who had paid for in the nearby , which overlooks the . accredited to cover the reported that the of on the could be heard clearly . \" : For , 's official paid is ... zero ,\" an made over the public said . Other said the still played the traditional - Take Me Out To The - during the traditional seventh-inning . The and had said the to shut out had been taken for . But , one of the 40 gathered by a near the 's main , said it was a missed and held up a reading \" Do n't forget \" . Six have been suspended following 's and an internal is under . On , more than 1,000 were on the of and at least 12 made . , who was 25 , is the latest of a of black to die in in recent , triggering angry accusing the of .", "The and three attended the at on the main between and at about 15:10 . The has been shut in both but it was expected to reopen on .", "The had been chosen by as preferred last . , which went into with the of 70 , will be renamed . has promised to upgrade at the and seek in the . He also hopes to grow the from its pre-administration of 77 to 120 . Joint said : \" It is extremely pleasing to secure the of in such a short and to who can see the in the and its skilled . \" We would like to thank those , and all with an in , including various , for their and during this . \" We would also like to wish every for the . \" As new they have an ambitious to build on its and grow a successful and marine on the . \" said : \" We are pleased to have completed the of 's and are excited by its to grow into a leading marine . \" He added : \" is now well underway to develop a to rebuild 's , and we look forward to working with the key in that . \"", ", 35 , saw the two hugging in the in , , in and demanded to know if they were . heard the Muslim then called the a \" \" , before throwing the to the . also attacked a passing who had tried to help the . said the two had denied they were Muslim when challenged by . \" Why ? Because they were frightened of what you would do if they told you the , that they were in ,\" said . He added : \" At the of these you either held extremist or that were getting very close to extremist . \" had admitted \" shoving \" the - who is half his - claiming he was acting in , but was convicted in of occasioning actual and . The heard the of two was radicalised in by in 2007 while serving an eight-year for firing a at during an . was also convicted of religiously aggravated in 2013 after seeing a Muslim talking to a of and telling her that it was against . The , also known as , became a close of convicted , of the banned , of which was a . read a victim from the . \" He feels the has affected his quite a ,\" My said . \" He does n't see his outside of . \" He has also split up with the who was his at the . \"", "It reveals that those aged 60 and over are the fastest growing in and Welsh , with an of 146 between 2002 and 2014 . Those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing , says the . The said it was \" committed to providing suitable \" . The comes as is due to give on older to the . Longer mean more are growing frail in , but high of social and are unmet , says the . Two in five over 50 now have a of some , the added . said : \" In the last few , has been reduced to a punitive for growing older and sicker behind . \" are less safe and less decent than they were even a ago when we published our last . \" An incoming of in 2015 must not accept this in and as the new normal . \" Although the stands at around 84,500 in and - 20 higher than it was 12 ago - the has had to make more than \u00c2 \u00a3 700m in over the last three and is expected cut a further \u00c2 \u00a3 149m in 2014-15 . The of whose is \" of \" or \" of serious \" according to the has risen from 13 in 2012-13 , to 23 in 2013-14 . , said : \" We 're committed to providing suitable and ensuring individual are met , as well as working alongside such as and to ensure older are rehabilitated . \" From next , local will be responsible for and for meaning that , for the first , we will have a social working alongside the already provided in by the . \"", "The happened on the at about 15:00 on . said it was witnessed by waiting to pick up , including . The has been charged with two of criminal , disorderly and of on . He is due to appear at on 5 .", "Many more are feared trapped under after of collapsed . of have been forced to take in temporary and . Some have been left homeless after their were destroyed , have fled their amid of and a possible . used to remove in their overnight on . used their bare and to find . A few were pulled out alive on . More than 200 were either seriously damaged or toppled in the . The , on the , was the hardest hit . The hit just offshore early on . Many of the in the have corrugated which collapsed . have also been rushed to the sole functioning , which has been overwhelmed by . , the provincial , was one of the worst hit by the 2004 , caused by a massive .", "and 's were sent-off early in the . from and helped to a 2-5 to 0-6 and added the third . eased their with netting in a 1-10 to 0-11 against , who had red-carded before . scored two at as the moved into an early 0-4 to 0-1 , but and were on as levelled . The decisive in the came just before the with 's and the of . led 1-5 to 0-6 at but levelled on the to from and . restored the 's only for to make it all-square again . slotted over three of 's final four as they edged clear to clinch a valuable to leave the sixth in the . \" If we did n't get the two from this we would be up against it ,\" said . \" led by with and we got over the - we must push on now . \" There was a dramatic at the with red-carded after 50 followed by 's and the of on 10 . The made a blistering , surging to a 2-3 to 0-1 with firing in the second . and each scored three first-half and the Three trailed 2-5 to 0-6 at the . banged over seven of the opening eight at the of second to kill off . split the twice to take his to five and three came from , who also converted a late . are third but just a behind and new . scored four and he was happy with his 's . \" We were under to keep our alive and it was up to us to put in a ,\" he said . \" It was a mad and these happen in but we responded well with a and we were in good at . \"", ", a 56-year-old , says she has lived in the for 30 and seen her deteriorate . However , it became worse than ever when in hit last . Her says is causing 48,000 French per . \" We are taking the to task because we think the medical that suffer are as a of the authorities' of in tackling ,\" \u00a7 told . More would be brought in the coming , in , and elsewhere , he added . has struggled for to combat high of and the have introduced for any not carrying a \" \" - of a to promote lower-emitting . Several in the now have on and a 3km ( ) of the of the has become pedestrianised . says she has led a healthy , first as a and more recently as a , but has increasingly suffered from respiratory , ranging from chronic to . When hit the worst for a last , her existing bronchial prompted an acute . \" The treating me says is so polluted that we 're breathing rotten . She has other like me , including and too . My says the same ,\" she told the .", "Earlier this , he refused to answer the of whether he believed homosexual was a . But he told the 's he was \" passionate about LGBT-plus \" and defending equal would be \" at the of my \" . He also said he wanted to extend the marital of transgender . Appearing on 4 on , , who beat to the , was asked three if he believed homosexual was a . Each , he refused to give a direct , instead choosing to say \" my firm is we are all \" . was asked by why he voted against the in 2007 - a which would have made it harder for to discriminate against gay . \" Let me be crystal clear , I 'm a and I absolutely support ,\" he replied . \" I 'm passionate about LGBT-plus , for , and as the of a liberal , that is that will be at the of my throughout the that I am of our . \" Not just defending the on equal , but also saying there are where it needs to be extended . \" said transgender currently did not have equal to due to known as the - which means the or of who has changed must give their in for the to continue . He said the tabled an to the because of about \" of individual \" and when that was defeated he voted against the . He did not answer directly when asked what those were , but said : \" I am absolutely in of equal under for all whatever their . \"", "wants the to order the to audit to see what it passes on to the . The had previously said the were protected under the . But a ago the of ruled the invalid . The said that as a the Irish was indeed required to examine with \" all due \" and ultimately decide whether to suspend if it believed the was not providing an \" adequate of \" to protect 's . Following the , the Irish sought from the about how it should proceed , resulting in the latest . alleges that 's demonstrate that - as well as other - \" aids for \" in of the 's of . strongly denies providing \" \" to the and says its were reviewed by the Irish as recently as 2012 . The social , whose European is in , has requested to voice its at the , but has yet to find out whether it will be permitted to do so . \" We believe it is critical that we join the so that we can provide accurate about our and , as well as to correct that already exist ,\" a told the . has previously cast on what the might provide . \" is very likely bound by ' and is not allowed to confirm such with ,\" he wrote earlier this . \" [ who comment on the ] typically do not have the necessary to know about such themselves . \" The could set a that influences how other handle about sent to US-based for and . A for the said it was not yet clear when the would rule on how the should proceed .", "The 36-year-old former and was without a when he joined on a one-month in 2012 . But this new , in a , is his fourth for as he continues to extend a that now totals more than 700 . has not figured since being sent off at on 6 . But he has still clocked up 36 this , taking his total of in a royal blue to 119 . \" is an influential around the and been a good to me since I 've come in ,\" told . \" And I still think he can offer on the . \" There is an to become a and still be influential around the and help some of the in a , maybe one or two a . \" Sometimes it 's hard to find that can offer a of . They can help the young with that and that of winning and doing properly in , because that 's you do n't often get in . \" Every he pulled on the 's he gave it he 's got . He 's a real and a real and sometimes I do n't think there are enough of those around in the . \"", "It has recently attended nine in including . The said were not warned before the were set off . It is asking who wish to use them to contact in to avoid \" false \" . ( ) described them as \" aggressive \" . have also been called to in , , , and , near . , technical for , said such were used by the in confined such as and to control , including . \" Imagine a with going off - that 's what you 're dealing with ,\" he said . \" Sometimes can be seen externally and in such as these we would inform the local , but it 's not an would always think of . \" They are not advised for in , such as or sitting , where there is a greater of , he said . He added there was a \" of \" with over-the-counter .", "The over the killed six , including two who were crushed by a falling . of were also damaged . 's chief said it would take up to two to clear the fallen , and for the lost natural to recover . He called it \" undoubtedly the worst in the of - and perhaps even European - \" . It is estimated the brought down over eight million cubic of across 45,000 of . Some of the hardest hit were , , and - all in the northern and western of the . In alone , the left more than 23,000 of damaged . It also destroyed the of rare . In a ( in ) , said they found \" destroyed \" and \" dead that failed to escape the . \" The comes as the Polish faces for logging in 's oldest , which is situated in the of the . The is a that sits along 's with , and is to rare . , , and green have all opposed there and last the 's top ordered that large-scale be immediately stopped . banned in 's oldest The Polish responded by saying was necessary to protect the from an of . The of will meet in a few to determine whether the will remain in . The is taking legal against , and if loses the it will be liable for multimillion .", "moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 over . overcame 2-0 , while moved up to seventh with a 3-2 at . snatched all three in their against to late . went ahead against when scored just before the with a neat from six out . then added a four from . was on in the 31st for ; finding the bottom with a neat . scored two in two in the second to clinch for the , who leapfrog their in the , before added a fourth late on . fired ahead from the penalty in the 20th after fouled in the . And it went from bad to worse for the when was shown a red in the 29th for a on . The extended their through 's 57th-minute . took the against when found the with a left-footed in the 29th . However , the equalised early in the second when headed home at the back from an . moved ahead when pounced from close after 's had been saved by the . thought he had rescued a for his with a 76th-minute , but scored the late on .", ", , and were all when they were accused of killing in 1979 . The so-called fled until their in 1998 . They are now involved in a civil against the for wrongful . They four also say they were subjected to false , , and malicious . The told the it would be inappropriate to comment due to legal . On , for the chief submitted to the in indicating that all original from 1979 were missing . \" I suppose my first was one of but at the same it was not surprising ,\" said . \" These could have been forensically tested to determine whether the were tampered with . \" Were they wilfully destroyed or was it just complete ? \" It is understood that no was provided as to how the had gone missing . It is yet another in a long for , according to from the . \" It is an incredible that in this particular the have gone missing ,\" he said . \" It would be vital to get to the of this to see what was written in the original and this is quite a for them . \" My goes out to the four , clearly they have been vindicated in of having the withdrawn but they 've had no . \" The four have now lodged an for the of covert of the , which they believed were made by the .", "is unsupported on your 12 2015 Last updated at 12:39 The 's most experienced was also joined by two , including 's first-ever . of the and both spent less than 10 in . The three made their landing in central after leaving the ( ) at 9.39pm on . said the had had \" a fantastic \" at the , whose nine represented five different at the . \" This is a superb of what can be achieved together when we work together across and ,\" he added . from .", "The two completed a 44-38 over , who were in four ago . Find out how to get into with our special . , who finished sixth in the in , were in throughout the after winning the opening . The Russian secured their sixth of these with a narrow 37-31 over . Subscribe to the to get our of , and sent to your .", "An ultra low in for the most polluting will come into in 2019 and say other will follow . The will also produce a new by the of . But has said she will \" take into \" encouraged to buy by previous . Former introduced a lower in 2001 to encourage to buy , as they were more economical and thought to be less harmful in of . But there has been increasing from that the emit dangerous of , which is thought to have caused of premature in the . The has to produce a new after receiving a \" final \" from the about of legal in the . It also lost two in 2015 and 2016 over brought by environmental . To tackle the , a so-called \" \" is expected to be rolled out across several , charging of up to \u00c2 \u00a3 20 per to come into urban . of announced on that such a - creating an the ultra low in the - would come into in two , with a of \u00c2 \u00a3 12.50 for that do not meet 4 and that do not meet 6 . But have said are being \" punished \" for following a previous 's . has now hinted there will be to help who were told that were the right . Speaking on her to and , she said : \" will be taken when we produce that [ ] . \" But I 'm very conscious of the that past have encouraged to buy and we need to take that into when we look at what we do in the . \" She did not set out any specific , but there have been of a that could pay to get rid of their .", "is \" delighted \" with the seven new he has signed in recent , but admits it has been tough . \" Identifying has been hard as the really does n't have any behind it ,\" he said . \" It 's I 'll be speaking to our , , about because it 's so important . \" Facing his first full as , says is \" of the of \" for any and he is hoping to makes in that ahead of the . \" We need ,\" he added . \" We 've been chasing our a this . We need a so that come , if we want to strengthen , we have a we can choose from rather than running about crazy 24 a taking , looking on , looking at . \" Despite the , have managed to sign , , , , and . has also moved to on a season-long from . \" It 's been a real between the this ,\" said . \" We 've all mucked in and done our . \" You would n't believe the of that have been put into . It 's been extensive . \" I 'm delighted with the we 've brought in . They offer us we did n't have . We have two different now in a of key . \" hopes recent will receive to complete his before 's away to . were knocked out of the at the last and , who took over in and was named permanent in , is determined to avoid a . \" I do n't want to use these as a ,\" he said . \" It 's important that we start building a winning from the first of the - starting on . \" I do n't think you can go into the half-cocked . \" We will give every we face the same we 'd show or . We will be ready . \"", "was of the famous British and who beat in in 1959 . He made 12 for and played in four of the six in the 1959 . He also played three for the . was also the of former international and former of the , .", "The 40-year-old 14-time twice had back during 15 out before returning in , when he tied for at the 17-man . Over the next five he plays four full-field . \" That is a , no about it , but I 'm also looking forward to it . I 've sat out long enough ,\" said . \" I 've gone through some pretty tough . There were when I did n't know whether I would swing a again . \" But I do feel good about it . I just need to get out there and do it and see what happens . \" begins his 2017 at the in , which begins on . He will then play at the from 2-5 , followed by the at from 16-19 and the in from 23-26 . \" I 've got my in a pretty good where I feel I can handle that , but I 've still got to go out there and do it ,\" he added . \" Feeling good about it and doing it are two totally different . \" is not supported on this", "The , who has asked to remain anonymous , said it happened just before 20:00 on . She said the was dressed in dark and asked her to call an . \" It was a terrible . You just do n't know who you 're answering the to ,\" she said . The happened at , . The , a 56-year-old , is in a stable in . The told she was waiting for her to come over when the came to her and said there were of in the . \" I did n't get much , I 've been up all with my churning ,\" she said . \" It does n't bear thinking about if the had seen the . \" The said she and a tended to the while waiting for the , which she said arrived quickly and took him away . She said she does not think the was local to her . , a in , said the had been shot \" five or six in the \" . \" I 've said for a long now regarding that no at all should be brought onto the ,\" he said . \" The needs to come loud and clear in the and hopefully these will listen . \"", "is said to have been a key for . The of alleged that advised about the best to run the and how to evade the . The was shut down in late 2013 following by the and other . It was a sited on the dark through which many bought illegal . In this was sentenced to in for creating and running the . The alleges that was a \" high-ranking \" on the and was instrumental in helping run it . He gave about to improve the underpinning the , boost and on the best for to hide his real , said . was paid \" at least of of \" for this , said the in a announcing the . \" may have thought residing in would keep him out of of , but our international have proven him wrong ,\" said . On the and in other underground , is believed to have used several including \" , \" \" , \" \" and \" of \" . have been started against to transfer him from a in to the . He faces of and . If found guilty of both he could face 30 in .", "The 42-year-old was discovered in at the , in , on by . said the , which took in the at about 17:00 , was being treated as a \" tragic \" . The ( ) and have been informed . A for said they believed the would be \" leading on the into the of the \" .", "The African take on the in , , as they look to seal a in the . has watched his play some attractive in the and is looking for more of the same on . \" They have a strong but we are the African , so at least that is motivating us a ,\" said . He said his had fully recovered from the 1-0 they suffered against in their final . \" We are representing and I think we have the and to match . They have a strong but we are the African \" We have to respect them , but they have to respect us too . \" 's have been boosted by the of who sat out the through . \" I 'm happy the is back in the ; is high and the are looking forward to the . \" was of 's thrashed 4-0 by during the 1988 in . However , he said was not his main but getting the to see them through to the next . \" In , there is no ; we know is looking at that [ ' 88 ] , but we buried that . \" We have to do our very best so that we overcome . \" That had [ who was a high-class . \" We also had good , but now it 's a different . \"", "flew from to in southern for the . He also cancelled a to . Last he shelved a with the , triggering angry in 's . Jailed has reportedly called off a . The former prime 's , , said her had accepted a from in to stop the fast . She had reportedly begun the on 25 in at 's to sign the . of anti-Yanukovych remain outside the on 's , braving bitter . They are furious that he made an 11th-hour in with the , refusing to sign the that had been prepared during of . In , discussed \" of a future on strategic \" with , his said . The covered various economic , the said , without elaborating . has been urging to join 's with and - a whose are far less demanding than the 's . In recent has put under economic , imposing long at the and banning of Ukrainian . , a and of the main in , condemned the in . \" Their to sell to have not ended in any ,\" he said . \" If tries to sign with about the it will lead to a bigger of . \"", "More than 350 had lived in the on since . said many left early ahead of the . The belongs to the national . has one of 's toughest towards . Most live in that are regularly demolished and every are deported . urged to find a lasting for those evicted in - saying they would become homeless in . of of - mostly from and - have moved to western since the . The of , the 's main human , warned that were \" counter-productive \" because they disrupted and for . of said it was crucial for French to provide \" adequate , alternative \" for those evicted , \" particularly as they have decided to take this during \" . 's unwanted", "runs between and , serviced by a which runs along a 640m ( 2,000ft ) . The lent his to a 's to take over the of the and . Its current said using the had been falling . Earlier this , warned about possible , having suffered a \" year-on-year \" in and faced with higher . More than 9,000 have signed a calling for the to be saved . , of the and , said wanted to create a \" viable modern \" by a charitable taking over the of the Victorian and \" relieving \" the of the of maintaining it . He said a could cost \u00a3 2-3m but a would be able to access other of , including . said : \" This is the oldest running anywhere in the , so I 'm campaigning to keep it open . We need to do we can to keep this extraordinary of our running . \"", "\" \" , 21 , died following the in , , in 2014 . His is raising to buy a particular of on which he dreamed about running outdoor for disadvantaged young . The would also be used as a for new and . \" I ca n't think of else we could have done that was more fitting , or more ,\" his said . \" I think he 'd be 100 behind it . If he 's watching now he 'd be saying ' Come on , keep going ' . said even if they could not raise enough to buy the \" he loved and built his around \" , his would make sure they followed through \" even if it 's just three \" . said her , who was from , , dreamt of \" teaching other young to understand , be safe in and respect our \" . \" He loved being active outdoors and having been introduced to was passionate about the and it gave him ,\" she said . On the 's , wrote : \" We have the and to set up the of that had in but we do not have the . \" The will contribute paid from 's towards its \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 .", "'s will be \" laced with little \" about the , according to . Designed as a restful for and , it will open in the of 's in in 2018 . , a of , died in 2006 after living locally as a . Read more here The has been designed by and , a . Their , , creates and maintains green for at no public . 's offered them a a ago - and got under . knew as a young when the two began at 's . They were also of Those , which toured and between 1963 and 1965 . They studied together at the of before left for - and began a in . \" 's said he liked ,\" said . \" And there 'll be a striped , which will recognise . \" The on his first solo is and , and worked with those . \" There 's also a to 's . \" The will be a circular , depicting a teenage on a , armed with a and a . \" This was the I knew at ,\" said . \" The , the free . \" He was n't ambitious for , just very creative and anarchic . He was very charismatic - and very , very talented . \" He described as a \" celebrated of \" , who returned to the and lived as a until his in 2006 . In 2016 a specially-designed unveiled in the of the in 2016 , where he played his last live . A blue was also dedicated to him in as of 2017 .", "The shows and his making of the by in 1989 when he was . He said the female was so beautiful that \" the should have been first \" . say this shows is \" unfit \" for the of . 's however have dismissed the as a . The is known for his irreverent and boasts of sexual . One recent had him leading over other ahead of the 9 . The in a are the latest in a of inflammatory - including the proposed of suspected - made by . In the he refers to the who was murdered while ministering in a in the of in the southern and goes on to make his to at a . 's said the reflected 's \" of for the \" and his \" utter of for \" . A rival presidential , , called the revolting . \" You are a crazy who does n't respect and does n't deserve to be ,\" told in a . ( ) said the \" were a disgusting of sexual \" for which should be utterly condemned . In 2015 , described as the for his in dealing with violent in , with more than 1,000 being killed .", "The were all taken from on 16 and 17 and the was open to with a or a mobile . The overall was who took \" \" - a of the . , from 24 In , said the had had \" an incredibly tough \" picking a . The involves being \" randomly allocated \" one of the or in which they must take at least one . , from , said he was \" delighted \" to have won . He said he used a 10 second and then ran into the . \" Ten is not very long so it took quite a few - when we got there the was still quite bright , so we sat there for nearly 20 waiting for the to get darker . \" It 's a beautiful and as soon as the sets on it and the gets darker and the electric come on - it just comes to . \" said the six \" did n't always agree \" and one said it had been \" heartbreaking \" for some not to win . She said about 75 were taken on and about 25 on mobile . The is at the near and runs until the of .", "The 's one made of $ 94.6bn , down 2 , and net of $ 4.9bn , 5 lower . It said were likely to slip further in 2017 , to between $ 90.5bn and $ 92.5bn . But the also expects to deliver more commercial and to improve its per . \" Looking forward , our is intent on accelerating and ,\" said and chief . In the , made 748 commercial , down from 762 in 2015 , claiming to have led the for \" the fifth consecutive \" . It also delivered fewer military - in particular , its new and its / A-18 - while in the slipped 7 . also fell in the 's and because of weaker for and . However , overall surged 59 in the fourth of the as for the 's commercial ticked up . also projected higher commercial this of between 760 and 765 . The 's were up by more than 2 in early in .", "won the with fellow last . , meanwhile , helped the British four take behind defending and European . 's and her were fifth in the quadruple with third in the single . 2012 said afterwards that he had been suffering badly from over the in . and dominated the and had over three to spare from at the . The lightweight is a non-Olympic but and will have reminded the of their for the lightweight four . , , and led the at the halfway before the took to win by a . 's and her , and were going along well in fourth before catching a just before the halfway which stalled the momentarily . They eventually finished fifth behind and will now finalise their for the in in a 's . There was for in the 's lightweight double when and from rowed through in the 500m to clinch . Reigning and - 's and - were missing from the but that does n't detract from a memorable for Irish . There was a second for in the 's single when took behind from and .", "had a of 155 after bowling their out for 105 in . The scored 285 in the second , setting a of 441 to win . However , were all out for 107 as they lost inside three , with left-arm taking 6-35 . On a , also took 6-35 in the first , while fellow snared five in - with of 4-53 in the second - as 's outperformed their Indian . Visiting also played a key in the as he scored 109 in the second , his maiden in . The was 's first in since 2004 . \" I 'm really proud of how have performed ,\" said . \" was absolutely outstanding in the . \" was critical of his , describing it as their \" worst in two \" . \" We got outplayed in this . We have to take it on the ,\" he added . \" We never took them for granted but we were never good enough during the three . \" , the top-ranked , have not lost a since 2012 and the second starts in on , 4 .", "edged ahead on the ( 25-1 ) and held on to finish half a clear . Last 's ( 11-1 ) had to settle for third , with ( 11-2 ) finishing second . \" It 's like this that mean so much , this is the biggest of my ,\" said . \" You 've no how much it means and how grateful I am to be given an on a like this . \" There was a slight in the as was unshipped shortly after the . He added : \" I 'd done celebrating , I was trying to pull him up . I delivered him as late as I dare , with the he is so quirky , and sure enough he 's dropped his - you have to expect the unexpected with him . \"", "The was carried out by from the of in , , the of and the of . They say it shows the may have began 360 ago . It also suggests are closely connected to Irish settled . The found that any genetic between and settled in the are largely due to them remaining genetically isolated for several and their decreasing . It is thought there are about 30,000 living in the of who are of the , representing 0.6 of the total . Previously it had been thought that had become displaced between 1845 and 1852 as a of the . \" The confirm that the has an Irish and this comes at a where the of is being considered by the Irish ,\" the of said . \" It is important to emphasise that although Irish show clear of a genetic , they are genetically very close to settled in . \" It is also interesting to observe that the of from settled predates the . \" However it 's important to emphasise that our estimates the of the social of the , rather than their . \" from 42 were compared with that of 143 European , 2,232 settled , 2,039 British , 5,964 European and 931 from the of the for the . Several genetic were also used to estimate the when the travelling began to split genetically from the settled in .", "The of on the was closed following last , before it was later partially reopened . said to further stabilise in the would continue over the next two to three . The local is seeking a long to the .", "The of , 40 , and , 37 , were discovered at a in , in the 's west , at about 21:00 on . The was sealed off by while and of investigated . The is expected to appear at on . said a of in the was being carried out , while are continuing . have also appealed for with to come forward . , who is leading the , said : \" I would be keen to hear from who heard or saw suspicious in the , in the between 8 2016 and 11 2016 . \"", "is not supported on this The 's also guaranteed a in the at the . The did not compete , with their on this 's and the . completed the in one 48 31 . He was ahead of 's (+ 11 ) and (+ ) of . After a strong , British ( 16th ) and ( ) played a crucial in helping to the during the . During the 10km he broke free from the and although the Leeds-based was briefly caught by of he soon re-established his . \" I could n't have done it without and ,\" said . \" It was a real . It 's a we could n't all get - but getting the is brilliant . \" 2012 and are expected to secure further for through at the in in . will now hope to be included in and the in to enhance his of a in the for the . , which consisted of a 1.5km , 40km and 10km in the , is one of three included in 2015 which have direct for next 's in .", "The closed last to allow to upgrade the and provide more . About of the 's \u00a3 66m is being funded by the . In 2015 , the provided \u00a3 5.7m to kick-start the 's , which houses donated to the by in 1944 . The consists of more than 8,000 but fewer than a of them have been on at any one . When it re-opens to in 2020 , the of the will become of the , so that 90 of the can be viewed by the . The has given \u00a3 15m to the and the has also contributed \u00a3 5m . It is hoped a will raise the . said : \" 's great has been described as the greatest a has ever received and we have a moral to ensure it is housed in the finest of . \"", ", near , was straightened to clear for , but the resultant faster washed away , making it less easy for and to spawn . During a was filled in and replaced with a meandering . In , 16 were spotted , along with five - disturbed where had been laid . The , involving , the , and the , was also aimed at alleviate by slowing the of through the . , at , said : \" is often a slow and we normally do n't see the of our for and sometimes even . \" It 's really uplifting and inspiring to work on a where we get the to experience so soon after we 've finished . \"", "The French say the , which set off from the Yemeni , should not have been allowed to fly , the reports . Most of the 152 killed in the were French visiting in the . There was just one - a teenage who was rescued from the . Many of the were travelling to the , but had begun their in or on another operated by the national of , before boarding in . An of the victims' , , has welcomed the . \" It 's a great for the of the who have waited four and a ,\" a for the told the . \" Now the will finally be forced to face up to its . \" has previously said that bad - strong and high - was the more likely of the . The is not included on the current of banned . The caused amongst the Comorian in as complained that the had been in poor . The was banned from French after found numerous in 2007 , according to the then , . Several European had also found a of when they inspected prior to the . from have previously said the had undergone a thorough and conformed to international .", "The 31-year-old , better known just by her first , has signed a two-year with an of a third . She has recently been playing in for . was of the which lost in the 2007 to in . won five consecutive of the from 2006-2010 and has finished in the top three of the in every from 2004-2014 . chief said : \" We are incredibly proud to bring to , and I am personally very excited as I have been a of her for many . \" Our technical worked hard to add the best , most accomplished 's in the to the . \"", "The only French in had lost their last five in a including the 18-10 late by at . , 40 , is a former and who became the first French of the when he replaced in 2012 . and and general will take of the first .", "is next in to the , a rich on the southern French . A said both were doing well . was born first , with arriving two later . Their is , 56 , of the late , . , 36 , is a Zimbabwean-born former . The married in 2011 . The has two other but they are excluded from the because they were born outside of . Ahead of the , said that the first to be delivered would become next-in-line , if the were the same . But since the are mixed , takes the , due to 's of favouring . The of the had been kept a even from their during 's . Forty-two were fired to mark the babies' , 21 for each . It is the first have been born to 's royal since it was founded in the 13th .", "'s of 11.62 earned automatic as she finished second in her first-round . However , exited from the 's as he finished fifth in his in 10.66 - . 44 outside his best . , meanwhile , false started in his and was disqualified . Paralympic , 27 , appeared to start well in four but faded after 50m as he finished fifth in 10.66 . \" I got out of the really well and was in a good in the early , however , I then tightened up and started to pass me ,\" explained . \" I was hoping to do better but I still have n't fully recovered from my . \"[ But ] It has been an incredible for me to represent at the as I missed out on because of . \" 's first proved a brief as he false started in three . , 20 , switched to in as his hails from the . won 200m last and his main in will be the longer . is also scheduled to run the 200m at these but the 's 2014 has been badly affected by hamstring and the 100m is regarded as his stronger . A of 10.45secs would have secured a fastest 's to 's . looked to be in a tricky but her of 11.62 - despite . outside her best - earned her second behind 's [ 11.54 ] . On the opening of at the , produced a gutsy to take in the 's with her of 2 40.29 , only 57 outside her personal best in last . The American-born was making her first at a major at the of 37 . is not a full-time and her is working as an assistant in and at , . took the in 2:26.45 ahead of her [ 2:27.10 ] with 's [ 2:30.12 ] winning the .", "were let off and thrown as turned out in to oversee of far-right marching through . They clashed with anti-fascist , leaving five with minor . said it seized more than 20 including a . said their ended at 17:00 after they had arrested for of offensive , breaching the and public . and carried by the right-wing included those from the , neo-Nazi 18 and the . included of , anti-fascist and with . They were addressed by , shadow of for international . Earlier , six were arrested on of violent at a on the which was closed after several believed to be on the to the were damaged . said were called to a at at eight at 10:51 . Two had daubed on them in following a between two rival . A which left the was stopped at 11 at . During the took away including a , of , , and . A said he could not comment on the of those involved , or what they may or may not have been a of . warned on the were expected to attract large of , with and told to expect .", "also told the 's that the needed to ensure it got the \" \" right in to attract more . It comes after said in an in the on that \" needs to take a now \" . A bitter internal has developed within after 's was rejected by the . said : \" I 'm suggesting he takes a as . I 'm not suggesting he takes a from being . \" Clearly the national has the , they 're the ruling . \" I 'm told that they made a . I 'm told it was a procedurally correct , he is the but I think it 's important that as he takes a and I think it 's important that we work out how these complex are answered by a . \" No one has all the . I 'm particularly concerned about , making sure we get a that ensures that the 27 million who did n't vote for last may be persuaded to vote for us in . \" The has been beset by since agreed to stay on as , after standing down after failing to get elected in . He had pledged before the general that he would quit the if he failed to get elected to . Senior has left the , following from that had fallen under the of \" inexperienced \" . has also confirmed the of 's of . ruled out quitting as on 's on , saying he had \" phenomenal \" , and has challenged his to decide whether they want to stay in the . In his , had said that \" knowing how difficult it is to lead a makes me admire all the more \" . \" I know that I never could ,\" he added , stressing that he would find it \" impossible to simultaneously lead , be the of the in the , represent my and at the same be a and a \" . However , he said that \" even need to take a \" , adding : \" needs to take a now . \" got nearly four million at the , but returned only one - former in the .", "About 80,000 of , , , and faced being auctioned to help pay off the 's . But a public launched in hit its in just a . said the will remain on at the in , . The , which led the , will gift the to the and , before it is loaned to the . said it had been \" incredibly satisfying \" to sign off on the on . \" 's fantastic would n't have been possible without the of and shown during the often complex ,\" he said . The inherited 's after the collapsed in 2009 . In 2010 the also went into , and in 2011 a high ruled its could be sold to reimburse the . , whose is a direct of , said the was \" important \" for . The risked being \" sold and scattered around the \" had the not been raised , she added . , who was involved in the , said the was \" fantastic \" . \" The contained within the chart a significant of 's cultural over and play a crucial in defining our national ,\" he said .", "Its is built on its geographical ( twice that of and combined ) , its as the of the of and its as an - with a of the 's proven under its . Its as an exporting has made economic with the - where the main is found - a . This , in , has led to strong political and military that at have been a of for both . It stands out for its of a puritan of , including harsh such as public , and its on . 28.7 million 2.24 million ( 864,869 ) Major Arabic Major 73 ( ) , 76 ( ) of , prime : The holds a of political . was established in 1932 by and he has been succeeded by various . ascended the in 2015 following the of his , . He has been of the ruling of for and is thought likely to continue the main of Saudi strategic , including maintaining the with the and working towards . Saudi are major in the pan-Arab , but the has one of the 's most tightly-controlled . The openly acknowledges that widespread takes . It targets \" pornographic \" , Islam-related , human and political . has the highest per-capita of any in the . It is reportedly to more than 40 of all active in the Arab . Some key in 's : 1932 - The controlled by are unified under the of . 1938 - is discovered and begins under the US-controlled ( ) . 1960 - is a founding of ( of ) . 1973 - leads an against the Western that supported in the against and . quadruple . 2001 11 - 15 of the 19 involved in on and are Saudi . 2011 - As '' '' ripple across the , Saudi participate in on in . 2015 - launches of against Houthi in .", "The 's said it counselled more than 4,500 in the past compared to about 2,400 in 2011-12 . The total suffering online is thought to be far higher . Some as young as seven told how they were tormented , abused and scared to go to . The said online caused and for of . 's said the should be a . \" can wreck young 's , especially now that the do n't stop at the ,\" she said . \" can follow them home until it becomes a they cannot escape . \" It is imperative that , and , intervene to protect them , because we have learned over the from that does not stop on its own , left alone it gets worse . \" must take this seriously , and above all must ask for . \" The is being released at the of which is coordinated by the . The is working with , and other to help combat the . One young who contacted said : \" It might sound like not much of a but there 's a of I play with online and they told me to kill myself . I wo n't kill myself but it upsets me . \" My do n't realise how upset it 's making me and they tell me to stand up for myself or just not play anymore but they do n't know how hard that is . \" I do n't know why they have suddenly started picking on me but it hurts so much . \" given by young on dealing with includes :", "The was forced into a in 's at about 20:30 on 16 and dropped off near the 's the following . An of the has now been released . said the had caused \" within the \" . The was forced into a dark-coloured , thought to be a , and taken to an unknown , believed to be outside the of , where she was sexually assaulted . of said : \" I believe local hold the to our . \" This is an extremely serious and one which , understandably , has caused within the . \" We have conducted a of in the local but would ask who was around between the mentioned and who has not yet spoken to to contact us if you have any which may assist our . \" I would like to reiterate that this is an unusual and would reassure that into this are a . \"", "The and their had recently become a familiar around , outside . , who lives in , photographed the shortly before they were killed on . \" When I saw their walking them along the , all in , I stopped to take a ,\" said . \" They 've visited our every over the last few so I 've photographed them before , but I thought that the the were following their was just so lovely I had to stop and watch . \" I still ca n't believe that they were run over so soon after . \" Enniskillen-based , who happened to be passing after the were killed , said he was shocked by what he saw . \" The five of them were just lying in a behind the , who was injured as well . \" Four of them were dead and the fifth was so badly mangled I had to put it down with an . \" The sixth only had minor , so I gave it an anti-biotic and guided it into a nearby alongside its . \" It was actually quite an upsetting . I ca n't believe whoever killed them just drove on . \" , who had also stopped when he saw the dead , assisted the in moving them to . He said he was \" disgusted \" by what he saw . \" A who was there said she saw the running them down and driving on . \" We 're all wondering how this could have been an - it 's a 30mph there and it was n't dark so the were very visible . \" If you ca n't see six on the , what are the you 'll see a ? As native wild , enjoy statutory under the and 1981 and it is an to intentionally injure , take or kill a wild . The similarly protects the and of . It is an to take or possess the of a wild , or to damage or destroy the of a mute whilst in or being built . The said who witnesses an against or other should contact their through their local .", "In , halted its for The , in , after which led to launching their own to buy it . In a , said they were thrilled had agreed the . About 180 will become after it is signed . The is to set up a new , , to try to secure to turn the into independent with above . The said enough has been pledged to cover the agreed of \u00a3 300,000 plus , but \" more will probably be needed to refurbish the \" . , of , who has been leading the with , said : \" This is great for who wants to ensure the of our . \" , of the , said : \" We were right to stand up against the for a in our - now we can create which will make our proud . \" In a , said : \" We recognise the of in about the and its independent and we at are delighted that we have been able to reach an , subject to , which satisfies all . \"", "Between 2012 and 2015 , of increased by 76 , from 3,001 to 5,288 , while rose by 53 , from 26,880 to 41,193 , reveals . The was notable among who have with . At the same , of genital decreased , to a . of sexually transmitted as a also went down slightly , totalling 434,456 . But say this could be because fewer came forward for . was the most commonly diagnosed , accounting for nearly of the diagnosed in 2015 . Young are routinely offered , but only 13 of young and 32 of young were tested in 2015 . The large in genital - a 7 - was seen in young , and say this was probably because of the national human . All aged 12 to 13 are offered the as of the . The 's chief , , said should be offered the too , which is are considering . , of , said the should \" set ringing \" about the of sexual for young and who have with . \" We have to keep a on preventing sexual ill , and providing prompt and to those who need it ,\" she added . The for and said the continued of was extremely disturbing , given the further of drug-resistant . , of at , said : \" We need to do more to raise about and how they can be prevented , especially the of using . \" We recommend that having with a new or casual uses and regularly for and . \"", "'s sprinted to , while retained his overall despite being one of the caught behind the . lost more than a , but applied the 3km to determine finishing . and were of the having been ahead of the . The split the in the closing and ended the of Dutch , who sustained a suspected broken . It was a second in this 's for , who held off the of 's and of . 's is aiming to become the first in 38 to win the and de in the same . 1. ( / ) 16mins 2. ( / ) same 3. ( / ) 4. ( / ) 5. ( / ) 6. ( / ) 7. ( / ) 8. ( / ) 9. ( / ) 10. ( / ) 1. ( / ) 2. ( / ) + 3 ( / ) + 4. ( / ) + 5. ( / ) same 6. ( / ) + 1min 7. ( / ) + 1min 8. ( / ) + 1min 9. ( / ) + 1min 10. ( / ) 22secs", "expects to handle more than 250,000 during the this - an of 15,000 on last . The has announced a \u00c2 \u00a3 600m in a new . But it says is needed to improve the of \" ageing \" . , of at , said : \" We are predicted to have the highest of we have ever had for a this . \" We are expecting to have around 15,000 more just in and compared to last . \" We are ready for that and our have been doing a great up to this making sure that we minimise the that see and making sure that we keep safe in the . \" We have been preparing for this since , so the does n't come as a to us , and we have a of to make sure our are ready for the . \" Indeed , this , the in has helped us with that because we 've had already that our have dealt with extremely well . \" But one of the big for us is the of the in the and the . \" He added : \" We are investing over \u00c2 \u00a3 600m over the next few in the . \" In , at the we are proud to say that we have the first of , our new , in already and that is the first in the . \" The are getting fuller every and we are expecting to see increased . \" But if you think about the as effectively in the , if you think about with 's , we are in a similar . \" We are going to have to redesign our and we are going to need to make sure we can do that in the right . \"", "It follows 55,000 announced earlier this . The will come in ( ) , which is splitting from the and . The says the will save $ 2.7bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.76bn ) in annual , although the will cost $ 2.7bn to carry out . At a for , and chief said : \" We 've done a significant of over the past few to take out and simplify and these final will eliminate the for any future corporate . \" The new proposed by sees focusing primarily on and , and the and on the . The currently has more than 300,000 . \" The is sadly larger than some might have expected , but I think it 's a of how much has been having with its ,\" said , at the . \" I 'm frankly not sure if is finished with the . \" The will not say where the will fall , but of the involves changing the of the . The of in what calls \" low-cost \" is expected to rise from around 42 now to 60 by 2018 . The has struggled over the last to keep up with changing as move away from . However , is still one of the 's largest , with this expected to top $ 50bn . The famously started in a in in 1939 and grew to be the guiding of what became known as . Its started to decline with a of expensive and much criticised including for $ 25bn in 2002 , for $ 14bn in 2008 and for $ 11bn in 2011 . In 2012 it lost its as the 's leading of to . The peaked at the of the in 2000 , and , despite two in 2007 and 2010 , it has lost some 60 of its since then .", "( ) show spent 32,000 waiting at & in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15 . said \" was one of the most significant \" it faced . A of available has been given as one of the causing knock-on at & . , of at , said were \" a \" for the , not just in , and said could not be attached to individual . \" We have numerous where we have multiple queued at ,\" he said . \" across are working incredibly hard to manage their and that means sometimes are queuing . \" who are not seriously injured may need to wait . \" from said the in was \" concerning \" and added there were \" a of \" for the . \" One of the biggest is the on the in the ,\" he said . \" That 's because the are finding it increasingly difficult to move and their back into the . \" The were supplied after a of by the . Just five - one each in , and and two in - accounted for about 70 of the total . The is counted only after 15 have elapsed at & . The of spent by the to was about 12,000 In 2013-14 and about 16,000 in 2014-15 . ( ) 6,436 ( , ) 4,329 ( , ) 3,954 3,831 3,384", "died two after being shot in on 3 . , 20 , from , , , and , 20 , from , , , have both been charged with her . They appeared at and will next appear at on . , 26 , was found in . She was taken to the in a critical where she later died . A was carried out on , where the preliminary of was given as a to the .", "He died at his in following an lasting several , a on his said . It added his will be private , with a memorial to be held at a later . worked with many leading around the and was considered one of the most influential of the early-music . The founded the of ( ) in 1973 and directed the across six for some 30 . The also made more than 200 , including the first-ever complete of on . Among his most famous include the 1980 of 's with and , which was named by as one of the top 20 of all . studied at with and and later with and . His first were as a and with the of under , and was a of the of . He was the artistic of the 's and 's and . He was also a at , honorary of at the of and a at in the . \" had extraordinary of ,\" , honorary of the , said . \" He was a great for historically informed , the of which he was a . And he was happy to see the he founded develop and grow after he stepped down as . \" The 's added : \" I am deeply saddened by the of 's . provided a fantastic for me to build upon when I joined in 2006 and I know he will be greatly missed by all who knew and worked with him . \" Speaking to on 3 's , said : \" Some of the best that now lead all over the , they started with him . \" was a natural , an incredibly clever . He had an amazing to absorb of all and a really sure of how would be if he really tried to reproduce ... a very genial . \" from of and , added : \" He always said I want the to speak for itself because it can , it 's good enough , it will\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 a very pleasant and lovely . \"", "was transported to the via along with four other , two and two in a three-month organised by the . found the , who they named , in her on . They are now waiting to see whether will give to a second . , a who accompanied the , told the on that an performed in had shown she was carrying two . However , he warned that the second might already have been born dead and been eaten by . Its will not be known until another is carried out on . said its had initially been very concerned about whether would accept or kill because of the enormous she had endured . \" But luckily that was n't the . She cleaned the and nursed it ,\" the added . \" This is a true that she feels safe at . \" 's is unknown because have not been able to examine the .", "The will meet to set out more of the 's to renegotiate its . Securing German is important for the of British for . has already courted from . said : \" The and German are the beating of , the for and . \" Together we make the 's third-largest , behind only and , and since the ended , we have generated of . \" But the holds for our . We must cut and boost . To do this , we need a strong , fit for 's and working for the of all 28 . \" The 's and aim to achieve this , which is why these with key in are so important . \" will also visit a in the German and address an of at the annual of the , the of . In 's of and warned that a from the would be \" disastrous \" for the two . , chief of the , told the that German was \" astonished \" that the was planning a on its . 's will be formally debated for the first by the 's 28 at a in in .", "was found guilty on - the first a has been successfully prosecuted in for of a sacred . The is known as and is at , of . was fined A $ 150,000 ($ 134,000 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 88,000 ) . , of , which owns , said : \" The never intended to harm , damage or disrespect the sacred . \" \" We sincerely regret the and the caused and I unreservedly apologise to the 's and traditional ,\" he said . Two Sitting Down is associated with 's . was accused of causing the of of the , including a distinctive rocky known as the 's , in 2011 . told the that the performed blasting close to the to break up , Australian reported . The was permitted to mine in the , but was advised to steer clear of sacred , and was warned in early 2011 that were appearing in at the , the said . , chief executive of the , said that the was of great to 's indigenous . \" This ... relates to a dreaming about a marsupial and a who had a over [ native Australian ],\" he said . \" As the fought , their spilled out , turning the a dark-red that is now associated with . \" said : \" It will always remain a sacred to us , but it has been ruined and we do n't know what to do because this has never happened to the old . \" It has been there for of as of our and our . \" Indigenous believe the is the of , and is a living , breathing full of and , the 's in reports .", ", who was born male but underwent , applied to become a in the southern . But the did not recognise a third , leading her to pursue a legal against it . A in ( ) has now ruled in her . \" I 'm excited ,\" was quoted as saying by 's . \" It 's a new for the entire . \" A by two in 's high said : \" The social of such cannot be lost of , as it would give to the of . \" must reach the , and not be stopped and disqualified in the . \" 's supreme recognised transgender as a third last , five after the electoral added the to . The meant the had to provide transgender with in and in with other , as well as key . There are an estimated two million transgender in . While the of reports that already have three transgender on their , in other Indian said will become the first in the . was born and left her parents' before completing a and undergoing . She had wanted to be a since being a , Indian said . The also ruled that the of a physical , which failed after being a second late in a 100-metre , was not valid ."], "summary": ["A man has appeared in court after firearms, ammunition and cash were seized by police in Edinburgh.", "Four people accused of kidnapping and torturing a mentally disabled man in a \"racially motivated\" attack streamed on Facebook have been denied bail.", "West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.", "The reaction from BT's investors told us much about media regulator Ofcom's ruling on the fate of Openreach, the BT subsidiary that provides much of the UK's broadband infrastructure.", "Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.", "Queen's University Belfast is cutting 236 jobs and 290 student places due to a funding reduction.", "Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.", "Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson says none of the money from Eunan O'Kane's move to Leeds from Bournemouth will go to the playing squad.", "North Wales Police has been criticised at an inquest for sending an officer to speak to a hospital patient with paranoid schizophrenia.", "Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher has joined Sheffield Wednesday on an initial month-long loan.", "John \"Brad\" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.", "Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.", "Former England striker Andy Cole says he faces a \"long road ahead\" as he recovers from his recent kidney transplant.", "Pakistan has unblocked the video sharing site, YouTube, more than three years after it was banned for posting a video deemed insulting to Islam.", "Leicester Tigers winger Miles Benjamin is likely to be out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury, reports BBC Radio Leicester.", "Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed 218 people, government officials have confirmed.", "All images copyrighted.", "Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined HK$6m (\u00a3460,000) by Hong Kong regulators after it failed to detect a series of unauthorised transactions by one of its traders.", "South African police say four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of former actor on popular local TV series Generations.", "A shot was reportedly fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool as parents were taking their children inside, police have said.", "Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.", "A total of 228 candidates will contest the Northern Ireland Assembly election next month - 48 fewer than last time.", "With the value of the pound falling dramatically since Brexit, a \"flash crash\" last week when the currency lost 6% of its value against the dollar, and news on Tuesday that the pound had fallen again, when would be a good time to change those pounds to dollars?", "A philosophy student who wears vintage clothing has won a national contest for alternative models.", "Plans to move a statue depicting a Royal Marine in the Falklands conflict away from Portsmouth seafront have been criticised.", "A suspected terrorist has been charged with breaching conditions imposed as part of the government's new terror monitoring powers.", "Sussex have appointed former player James Anyon as head coach of their women's side.", "League One side Bury have signed former Barnsley defender Reece Brown on a six-month contract.", "South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($242; \u00c2\u00a3199) a month.", "Azhar Ali's unbeaten 66 helped Pakistan to reach 142-4 against Australia on a rain-affected first day of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.", "Two new councillors have been elected in a by-election in the City of Edinburgh.", "Wales Under-20 Grand Slam winners Shaun Evans and Dafydd Hughes have signed their first professional contracts with Scarlets.", "Fire crews are expected to leave the site of the Shoreham Airshow disaster later after spending nearly three weeks at the scene of the crash.", "White House officials will not say whether pop star Prince performed at a weekend party at the executive residence despite guests posting about it on social media.", "These roads in Northern Ireland are closed due to poor weather conditions as of Friday 15 January.", "US investigators have closed an inquiry into whether To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee was pressured into publishing a sequel.", "The US has said it is suspending talks with Russia over Syria, accusing Moscow of having \"failed to live up\" to its commitments under a ceasefire deal.", "A church in West Yorkshire has recruited a new vicar following a video job advertisement sung by a choir of children.", "Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne says he will be out for about 10 weeks after injuring his right knee during Wednesday's League Cup semi-final victory over Everton.", "A 34-year-old woman who was injured in an attack by a knifeman on a Swiss train has died in hospital, police say.", "A \"reckless drone operator\" is being sought by police after reports of a \"near miss\" between a drone and plane.", "A seal found tangled in nets on an Aberdeenshire beach has been returned to the sea.", "A lifetime of diaries, letters and photographs of a man described as a cross between Indiana Jones, James Bond and Graham Greene has opened to the public.", "Regional official Tim Roache has been elected to become the new general secretary of the GMB union.", "League Two Exeter City made a profit of over \u00a31.6m last year, according to the club's latest accounts.", "Para-athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after a metal throwing cage fell on him during training.", "Manufacturers have reported positive business trends, in the latest survey from the Scottish Chambers of Commerce.", "A computer model of one of the world's tallest three-sided obelisks is being made to find out why it is falling apart.", "Profit jumped at Zara owner Inditex in the first half of the year as the firm opened new stores and invested in online.", "A victim of the Rochdale grooming gang says the convictions were still \"not fazing\" Asian child sex abusers.", "John Lewis's Nottingham store is to remain closed longer than expected after 80,000 litres of hot water leaked from a ruptured heating pipe.", "New Sale Sharks chairman Fran Cotton has conceded they must work to restore their relationship with some fans.", "Disney's latest animation Moana dominated the Thanksgiving box office over the five-day US holiday weekend.", "British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford with a straight-set win over Julia Boserup.", "Two men have been assaulted in Larne, County Antrim, by a gang armed with baseball bats and a hatchet.", "Stuart Bingham may pull out of the Masters if his wife goes into labour with their third child.", "Part of Colwyn Bay pier is to be dismantled after it collapsed into the sea, Conwy council has decided.", "A campaign group has been granted a hearing to examine the case for a judicial review of the decision to build student flats near a beauty spot.", "More human remains have been found near a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.", "Uzbekistan's Hasanboy Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight with victory over Colombian Yuberjen Herney Martinez.", "University lecturers are due to start a two-day strike over pay, amid warnings other staff could join the dispute.", "Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with Yokohama FC at the age of 48.", "Clashes have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.", "Sale Sharks forward Mark Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season to take up a teaching role.", "The quality of care on a scandal-hit ward for dementia patients may have contributed to at least seven deaths, BBC Wales can reveal.", "A 25-year-old man from Limavady has been jailed for knocking out two men in separate attacks on the same night.", "The United States women's team goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for 30 days by US Soccer following an incident during a training camp.", "A barrister who was due to move into his own chambers in Huddersfield has pleaded guilty to supplying cocaine.", "Scottish engineering services company ID Systems Ltd has announced plans to create 120 new jobs after securing a six-figure investment from UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE).", "Actor and broadcaster Sir Tony Robinson has said plans for a tunnel near Stonehenge in Wiltshire are too \"old-fashioned\" in outlook.", "Scunthorpe midfielder Neal Bishop has signed a one-year contract extension.", "A man from Croydon has been charged with murder after the death of his partner last month.", "A Frenchwoman injured in the attack on Tunisia's national museum has died of her wounds, bringing the total killed in the assault by Islamists to 22.", "Satellite images of Mosul have revealed how fighters from so-called Islamic State (IS) have destroyed much of the city's airport to render it unusable as Iraqi forces close in.", "Network Rail has promised to do \"everything in its power\" to stop a repeat of the rail chaos at Christmas when it carries out work over Easter.", "Permission has been given for exploratory drilling for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.", "Amazon, the global online retailer, is changing the way it records sales in a move that could see it paying more tax.", "Junior doctors should suspend Tuesday's strike action over pay and conditions while talks continue, the chief medical officer for England has urged.", "Oxford United have extended the loan of right-back Jonjoe Kenny from Premier League side Everton until the end of the season.", "A further education college in Dorset has received more than \u00a32.88m in government funding to renovate buildings on campus.", "The family of the former footballer Jeff Astle is to meet the FA chairman next month to discuss head injuries in the game, as part of their campaign.", "Brothers Ben and Tom Curry have signed five-year contracts with Sale Sharks.", "Police in Fife are searching for a man who was seen exposing himself in Dunfermline.", "A UN conference aimed at preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons has ended in failure after a row over a nuclear-free Middle East proposal.", "Fracking for shale gas in Wales should still be opposed despite plans to fast-track such schemes in England, the Welsh government has said.", "A collection of paintings capturing the landscapes and legacy of life on the North East coast is going on display.", "Hibernian's Neil Lennon believes Scott Brown retired too soon from Scotland duty and still has plenty to offer now he has decided to return.", "A buzzard has been rescued after becoming trapped between fencing and a wall in Gwynedd.", "Post Office workers will stage five days of strikes from Monday in a continuing dispute over jobs, pensions and branch closures, their union says.", "Steroids and medicines with an estimated street value of some 2m euros (\u00c2\u00a31.7m) have been seized in Donegal.", "Sinn F\u00c3\u00a9in leader Gerry Adams has said there is \"a need to be open and imaginative\" on new constitutional arrangements.", "Morecambe must not get carried away despite sitting top of League Two, says Shrimps boss Jim Bentley.", "A court in the Indian capital has formally charged a driver of the Uber web-based taxi firm with the rape and kidnapping of a passenger last month.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells and Great Britain team-mate Sam Scrimgeour remain on course to defend their lightweight pairs world title after winning their semi-final in Rotterdam on Thursday.", "Former Kilmarnock winger Chris Johnston has become the third player to sign for Dumbarton this summer after leaving relegated Raith Rovers.", "The three-day TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow is to start later with a Friday line-up of acts including Radiohead and Belle and Sebastian.", "The US has warned North Korea to refrain from \"irresponsible provocation\" after the communist state said its main nuclear facility had resumed normal operations.", "A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after pieces of human bones were found by detectives investigating the death of a man 25 years ago.", "Ireland eased to seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe to top their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying group and set up a semi-final against Scotland.", "The daughter of a man who died after a hospital failed it its \"duty of care\" said lessons have not been learned.", "Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is third after day one of the men's omnium as he aims for his first Olympic Games medal.", "The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra \u00a372m to help deal with pressures in the service.", "The Winklevoss brothers have re-started their long-running legal dispute with Facebook and its boss Mark Zuckerberg.", "A 14-year-old boy has been left with \"life-threatening\" injuries after being knocked down by a car.", "Birmingham City have signed Dundee forward Greg Stewart on a three-year deal for a fee believed to be around \u00a3500,000.", "A former soldier who agreed to obtain information from an army barracks for a newspaper will not face a trial, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.", "Inspectors have called for major improvements at two privately-run elderly care homes after finding problems during recent visits.", "Four men were arrested in north London when police found a gun, a sword and a knife in the car they were travelling in.", "An estimated 63,000 properties in north Lancashire were hit by a power cut, Electricity North West has said.", "Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.", "Shopkeepers near the Isle of Wight's troubled new \"floating bridge\" have asked councillors to consider compensating them for loss of business.", "French side Lille have exercised their option to sign Naim Sliti on a permanent deal when his loan move from second-tier side Red Star expires this summer.", "Children across Britain linked up with Tim Peake on the International Space Station yesterday for a big question and answer session.", "World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named the 2013 BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.", "A civilian cargo aircraft has landed safely after being escorted into Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after suffering technical problems with its communications equipment.", "Police have been given more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "BBC Sport is showing live coverage of the EuroBasket warm-up game between Great Britain and Greece at the Copper Box in London on Saturday 19 August.", "More than 13,000 email addresses have been stolen from Edinburgh city council's database following a \"malicious cyber attack\".", "The photo sharing service Instagram announced it will start placing ads in US users photo streams in a posting on its website.", "Actor Michael C Hall is to perform a tribute to David Bowie at this week's Mercury Music Prize ceremony.", "A former Metropolitan Police officer has been found not guilty of sexually assaulting a teenage boy in the back of a police van nearly 30 years ago.", "Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has rejected calls for a \"softer\" Brexit after the general election result led to a hung parliament.", "Relatives of the 96 people who died at Hillsborough have told the home secretary they want a \"Hillsborough Law\" to compel public officials to tell the truth at inquiries.", "An elderly woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck.", "Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United to move their home games because of flooding.", "Two Manchester United fans spent Friday night undetected in an Old Trafford toilet in an attempt to see Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.", "An electrician whose \u00a3200 worth of tools were mistakenly sold for \u00a31 in a charity shop has had them returned.", "Laura Muir says she'll be \"gutted\" to miss April's Commonwealth Games.", "Southend United will give striker Nile Ranger a chance to relaunch his career when he is released from prison.", "Lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the South Coast this summer after seven men drowned last year.", "Partick Thistle captain Abdul Osman says the players are praying manager Alan Archibald stays at the club for another season.", "Ten youths have been arrested by Canadian police on suspicion of planning to travel to Iraq and Syria to join Islamic State.", "League Two side York City have signed Hull City midfielder Matt Dixon on an 18-month deal.", "Belfast Giants remain within four points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after earning a 5-1 Boxing Day away win over Braehead Clan.", "BBC Rewind looks at the history of the Flying Scotsman as it prepares to return to the railways.", "A man who claimed he was abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has lost a legal action for compensation.", "Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has had the biggest UK box office opening weekend of the year so far.", "Britain's Victoria Williamson says she is lucky not to be paralysed after her serious crash at Rotterdam's Zesdaagse.", "The head of the national body for police commissioners resigned in order to appear on the BBC's Question Time following the Manchester attack.", "The developers of the proposed Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing a \"grossly misleading\" analysis of the project's likely impact on fish.", "Premiership side Sale Sharks will sign Scotland and Glasgow back row forward Josh Strauss on a three-year deal from next season.", "A China Eastern Airlines plane has had to turn back to Sydney airport after a technical failure which left a hole in an engine casing.", "The government is to reconsider a visa for an American mother facing deportation from the UK.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.", "Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has appointed Bruno Tshibala as the new prime minister of the power-sharing government.", "Journalists at Fairfax Media, one of Australia's largest publishers, have gone on strike for a week to protest against massive job cuts.", "Teenager Tom Marquand has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of three-times champion jockey Ryan Moore by his trainer Richard Hannon.", "The Colombian government and Farc rebels have agreed to resume peace talks, which were suspended last month over the abduction of an army general, mediators say.", "The Football Association has charged Blackburn midfielder Hope Akpan with violent conduct after he was sent off for pushing a referee.", "Former British number one Laura Robson will play at next month's grass-court Wimbledon warm-up event in Nottingham.", "The Democratic Republic of the Congo has been urged to investigate at least 421 bodies found in an unmarked burial ground in the capital, Kinshasa.", "Everton have agreed a deal with Premier League rivals Southampton that paves the way for Ronald Koeman to become their new manager.", "Over the last three decades, governments of various stripes have promised radical change to solve England's housing crisis and today's White Paper is no exception.", "A body found near Strathclyde Park in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.", "Neymar is the most valuable player in Europe - worth about \u00a3216m - according to a new study which values 10 players at more than 100m euros.", "A row between a Police and Crime Commissioner and his deputy, who was found guilty of serious misconduct, has been resolved following a payout.", "Northern Ireland goalscorer Gareth McAuley says Thursday's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine - their first at a European Championship - was \"massive\".", "A student whose mother and teenage brother were stabbed to death is focusing on caring for her father who was also injured in the attack.", "South Korea's education minister has apologised after two faulty questions in the national college entrance exam left thousands of students confused.", "National League North side Gloucester City are in talks with rugby league team Gloucestershire All Golds about a potential groundshare.", "A Labour MP who accused Jeremy Corbyn of threatening to use his father - former Sinn F\u00e9in mayor Pat McGinn - to \"bully me into submission\" has spoken publicly about the row.", "Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been confirmed among 126 riders for the 2016 Tour of Britain, which begins in Glasgow on Sunday.", "A former financial controller has admitted stealing more than \u00a3440,000 from a hospital charity.", "Police in India's Maharashtra state have arrested five members of an upper caste for beating, stripping and parading naked a low-caste Dalit woman.", "Toshiba shares rallied more than 10% on Thursday on reports the firm was about to secure substantial new loans for its restructuring efforts.", "England's batsmen must \"pull their fingers out\" if they are to win the third Test against Pakistan and draw the series 1-1, says James Anderson.", "British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he will not repeat Graham Henry's 2001 mistake by splitting the squad early in the tour.", "Rangers have made right-back Lee Hodson their eighth summer signing on a three-year deal from MK Dons.", "Criminals and terrorists are using the so-called dark net to buy weapons, a new study has suggested.", "Chris Rock has announced that he's separating from his wife.", "A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted an American visa so he can have surgery to remove excess skin.", "A new type of drug could benefit men with aggressive prostate cancer that is no longer responding to treatment, researchers from the Institute of Cancer Research have said.", "European leagues are free to schedule domestic games on the same nights as Champions League and Europa League ties after an agreement with Uefa ended.", "Police are investigating the rape of a woman in Queens Park in Glasgow's Southside.", "Swansea's caretaker manager Alan Curtis says there would be no guarantee the club would return to the Premier League if they were relegated this season.", "The overall student loan debt for Welsh students has reached \u00a33.7bn, new figures show.", "Police in Italy have arrested a jobless man who posed as an airline pilot, tricking his way into riding in the cockpit of at least one jet.", "David Cameron has said too many children from immigrant families are not able to speak English when they start at school.", "Low pay and scarce hours are pushing working families and young people into poverty in Wales, a new report claims.", "Schools have been reopening in Guinea after a five-month closure because of the deadly Ebola outbreak.", "The sister of a teenager who was murdered, cut up and buried by her boyfriend says she is afraid after discovering he has been out of prison.", "Craft brewer BrewDog has raised $1m (\u00a3770,000) from US investors within the first three days of a new funding round, according to the company.", "An industrial dispute at Tata Steel has ended after workers voted to accept changes to their pension scheme.", "Keurig Green Mountain, which makes K-cups single-serve coffee pods, said it has accepted a $13.9bn (\u00a39.2bn) bid.", "A university has withdrawn a poster which appeared to ridicule Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence after her nude pictures were leaked on the internet.", "A man has been stabbed to death in a street in north London.", "Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to perform consistently at a \"high intensity\" if they are to earn more international recognition.", "Hundreds of rooms at a \u00a345m student halls development at Aberystwyth University will not be ready for the new term.", "Characters based on a Nickelodeon cartoon were dropped from a Northern Ireland council's Christmas celebrations - after it emerged they were unauthorised.", "Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton coach Colin Calderwood as their assistant manager to Steve Bruce.", "Great Britain will miss the men's Olympic 4x100m relay final after being disqualified in their semi-final.", "Police are appealing for witnesses following a head-on crash between a car and a bus in West Lothian.", "Police have named a 52-year-old man who died after the forklift truck he was driving toppled over.", "Great Britain's double gold medallist Nicola Adams believes new trainer Virgil Hunter will play a key part in success as a professional.", "Lala Njava's music is grounded in Madagascan tradition but is enriched with jazz, trance and afrobeat.", "Smoking could play a direct role in the development of schizophrenia and needs to be investigated, researchers say.", "A family of five, including three young children, had to be rescued from a Somerset beach after their car got stuck in the mud on Saturday evening.", "Dundee United have signed their second goalkeeper in a week by bringing in Harry Lewis on loan from Southampton.", "Auditors have questioned the way a health board handled funding awarded to a celebrity-led charity event.", "An 85-year-old woman has died after being struck by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.", "A tractor being driven by a 15-year-old boy \"as a taxi for his drunk mates\" has been stopped by police in North Yorkshire.", "A man accused of claiming almost \u00c2\u00a310,000 after allegedly pretending his family died in the Grenfell Tower fire has denied two counts of fraud.", "A farmer told to demolish a mock Tudor castle that was built without planning permission has vowed to rebuild \"the work of art\" elsewhere.", "Full services on Nottingham's new tram lines have started, eight months behind schedule.", "Thieves broke into vans and stole tools being used by a team working on a life-changing project for TV show DIY SOS.", "Oil and gas exploration firm Tullow Oil has reported a pre-tax loss of \u00a31.3bn for the year to 31 December as low oil prices bit into revenues.", "A man who tried to get home on a 2.5 tonne road roller after a night out drinking in Dumfries has received a 15-month driving ban.", "A whisky distillery plans to invest \u00a3580,000 in community projects to mark its 200 years on the island of Islay.", "A plane bound for Chicago has been forced to make an emergency landing for the second time in two days.", "The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes said she is going to sue police over mishandling her murder case.", "Brazilian police say they want to speak to International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about an alleged scheme to resell tickets during last month's Rio Olympics.", "Three rare pygmy marmosets have been rescued and are set to be reunited, after being stolen from a Sydney zoo at the weekend.", "Forget James Bond, when it comes to recruiting spies needed to protect Britain there aren't enough Jane Bonds.", "The world leader of millions of Muslims has condemned the Westminster terror attack calling it an \"affront to the teachings of Islam\".", "Singer Charlotte Church has lost her unborn baby, she has announced.", "A man who admitted causing a fatal crash while being pursued by an unmarked police car has been jailed for nine years.", "A pensioner who underwent gender re-assignment surgery at the age of 69 says she lived \"in the wrong body\" for most of her life because she feared the reaction of her friends and family.", "Astronomers have discovered a baby planet which looks like a young version of Jupiter.", "Campaigners have opened a camp with thousands of protesters due in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.", "The High Court has banned publication of photographs allegedly stolen from Pippa Middleton's iCloud account.", "Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales back-rower Rob McCusker on a short-term contract as injury cover.", "Heavily armed men have attacked a convoy of cars belonging to a Saudi prince, stealing 250,000 euros (\u00a3200,000; $330,000), police say.", "\"Dedicated\" and \"hungry for success\" are phrases used a lot in connection with athletes heading to compete in an Olympic Games.", "Mobile and landline telephone services have been restored in Shetland after coverage was lost for several hours causing disruption.", "A girls' school has scrapped its end of year prom claiming it is too much of a \"distraction\" to pupils.", "Leyton Orient have appointed former chief executive Matt Porter to their board of directors following Nigel Travis' takeover on 22 June.", "US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted there is a reason she was seen nodding off at the president's State of the Union address.", "A man is being held in Manchester on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "Detectives investigating the alleged attempted kidnap of a baby are appealing for a taxi driver to contact them.", "One of Scotland's most wanted fugitives is still believed to be hiding in the Netherlands almost 10 years after he raped a woman in Glasgow.", "A paedophile who raped a 12-year-old boy after grooming him online has been jailed for 13 years.", "Italy's first female astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, is spending almost six months on the International Space Station.", "A council is to seek a civil injunction and damages against one of its own councillors and other members of the public.", "Guinea-Bissau's players have ended their strike after being paid outstanding wages, four days before the start of the Africa Cup of Nations.", "David Cameron has voiced his \"strong support\" for the expansion of grammar schools during a visit to the South East.", "A disturbance at a prison saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put \"out of commission\", a union has said.", "Batsman Joe Root has credited sacked coach Peter Moores with the form that resulted in him being named England's player of the year.", "Manager Grant McCann has apologised to the fans for Peterborough United's 4-1 home defeat by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Southend United.", "An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.", "A railway line which was closed due to a landslip is to reopen next week, Network Rail has announced.", "A surfer who lost his leg in a shark attack in Western Australia last week has died, police say.", "A jet skier has been airlifted to hospital after a crash involving a speedboat during an event off Anglesey.", "A mother-of-four battered a toddler to death months after she was made the child's legal guardian, a court has heard.", "Mixu Paatelainen praised his Dundee United players' resolve as they beat St Johnstone 1-0, despite being reduced to 10 men for the last 30 minutes.", "A man has been found guilty of murdering his \"on-off partner\" by bludgeoning her to death.", "Three nightclub doormen have told how they helped rescue a man trapped in an upturned car in a water-filled ditch.", "The Italian parliament has approved a long-debated and extensive electoral reform that aims to give the country more political stability.", "(Close) The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a fresh high for a second consecutive day after a rally in financial shares boosted the index.", "Paralympic champions Jonnie Peacock, Hannah Cockroft, Richard Whitehead and Kadeena Cox are in the Great Britain squad for next month's World Para-Athletics Championships in London.", "The president of Afghanistan has told an emotional husband that a group of men accused of gang raping his wife would be brought to justice.", "A man who sparked a drug-fuelled roof-top siege after breaking up with his partner has been given a suspended prison sentence.", "Warwickshire took command of the battle of Division One's bottom two after Jonathan Trott had reached the 42nd first-class century of his career.", "Jack Grealish scored twice on his full debut as England Under-21s continued their perfect start to the Toulon Tournament by thrashing Guinea.", "Richard Carpenter has said he is owed at least $2m (\u00c2\u00a31.6m) in royalties for the hits he recorded in The Carpenters, including Yesterday Once More.", "An artist's impression of how an expanded primary school in Addlestone will look has been unveiled.", "New Portsmouth recruit Amine Linganzi is determined to secure a long-term contract with the club.", "Ulster pair Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to make a return from injury for the end of season run-in.", "More than 400 people have attended a meeting to oppose plans for a supermarket.", "Queen of the South fought back from two goals down to draw with promotion-chasing Falkirk in the Championship.", "A school has been accused of breaching anti-discrimination laws after claims a four-year-old Muslim pupil was told she could not wear a headscarf.", "A man who fraudulently claimed nearly \u00a340,000 in benefits over the course of almost 11 years has been jailed for 18 months.", "The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the three months to June, driven in part by a booming film industry, said the Office for National Statistics (ONS).", "Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said Manchester United's important players were \"in our pockets\" in a match that went \"exactly\" as they wanted.", "A review team looking at the quality of life of older people is to swoop unannounced on 100 care homes.", "Owen Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language television broadcaster S4C.", "Liverpool centre-back Mamadou Sakho was suspended last season for taking a substance that was not on the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) banned list, according to a Uefa report.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.", "Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has issued a stern public rebuke to the military deputy chief of staff.", "MPs have called on the UK government not to cut its funding of Welsh language channel S4C.", "The main tunnel serving Scotland's third busiest rail station is to close for 20 weeks, causing major disruption.", "Nottingham Forest owner and chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi says he is close to agreeing a deal to sell the club.", "Key countries in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have pledged to pursue \"growth-friendly\" policies to kickstart the slowing world economy.", "Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, is not among the 10 Republicans running for president who will take part in the first primetime TV debate.", "Leicester Tigers have signed new England loose-head prop Ellis Genge from newly-promoted Bristol.", "Staff at Swansea's DVLA offices will be redeployed rather than face redundancy after changes to the way motorists pay their car tax, a UK transport minister has confirmed.", "Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the decision to scrap the toss in the County Championship this season looks like it is working.", "Some people say they are addicted to Facebook and can't go for long without checking their status.", "A teenage boy has appeared in court for a second time charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed at his Aberdeen school.", "Walsall have signed goalkeeper Mark Gillespie on a two-year contract from Carlisle United on a free transfer.", "Two men from High Wycombe jailed for a fatal stabbing have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.", "Patrick Roberts believes his loan spell at Celtic will prepare him for the challenge of trying to break into the Manchester City first team.", "Colchester have signed goalkeeper Rene Gilmartin as a player-coach after his release by Watford, and confirmed Dean Brill will not be returning.", "A man shot his ill wife before killing himself in a suicide pact, an inquest has heard.", "Australia has confirmed it sent 46 asylum seekers back to Vietnam after intercepting their boat off the coast of Western Australia last month.", "MotoGP championship leader Marc Marquez moved 52 points clear in the title race with victory at the Aragon Grand Prix.", "Helen Glover expects her partnership with Polly Swann to develop quickly as they prepare for the European Championships in Belgrade.", "Nick Clegg has accused the new Tory government of abandoning the values he said had been at the coalition's core.", "Industrial production in China recorded a smaller-than-expected rise in April, underlining worries that the economy may be losing steam.", "Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Aaron Tshibola on a one-month loan deal and Mansfield striker Rakish Bingham on a season-long loan.", "People are voting across Merseyside in the general and local council elections.", "A large billboard has been puzzling residents of a County Down town, and commuters on the main route between Bangor and Belfast.", "Hundreds of aerospace jobs could be lost if a factory is forced to \"significantly downsize\" or close, it has been claimed.", "A man accused of kidnapping his partner allegedly drove at a police officer who tried to save her, a court has heard.", "Declassified documents reveal concerns of the UK government 60 years ago that Rockall could become a base for spying on a missile test site.", "The artist who created the album cover for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been given a top honour in the band's home city.", "Alfreton Town have signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney on loan from League Two side York for the rest of the season.", "The International Monetary Fund has today highlighted the challenge to be faced by the next government in returning the public finances to balance.", "BBC newsreader Sophie Raworth is to be part of Watchdog's new presenting team.", "The BBC generated more than \u00a38bn for the UK economy in 2011-12, almost twice its licence fee spend.", "The US has said that it will resume aid to the military in Bahrain.", "A signed Beatles ticket from a concert in Norfolk in 1963 is expected to fetch up to \u00a32,000 at auction in London.", "A body has been found by police in their search for a missing man from Merthyr Tydfil.", "Red Bull have said that their hopes of securing a Mercedes engine supply in 2016 are now over.", "Guernsey's Environment Department has invited islanders to identify the parcels of land that could be suitable for development.", "An actress who appeared in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to attend a special screening of the movie in Kingussie later.", "Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego both made centuries to drag Somerset back into contention with Middlesex on day three of the County Championship match.", "A power cut left Venezuela's parliament in the dark as it discussed a law dedicated to the energy sector.", "Two international rugby stars have returned to their home club to help coach an under-10s team and to watch the first XV in action.", "The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.", "Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, says Scarlets captain Ken Owens.", "Widnes Vikings claimed just their second Super League win of the season with a narrow victory over St Helens.", "A former Welsh amateur boxing champion said she is turning professional as she does not have confidence in the governing body.", "World number one Novak Djokovic won his first title since his surprise exit from Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Japan's Kei Nishikori in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.", "Peter Houston is still seeking to fine-tune his Falkirk squad, with a striker and defender pinpointed as priorities.", "Humans lived in the Amazon rainforest much earlier than previously thought, and even helped shape its biodiversity, researchers have said.", "Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.", "Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined to make sure the club is not involved in another Premier League relegation fight next season.", "Labour's Barry Coppinger has been re-elected as Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner.", "The Queen has been spotted having an evening meal at an Edinburgh pub.", "A court in the Philippines has found a US marine guilty of killing a transgender woman.", "Great Britain's Colin Fleming says tennis players guilty of match-fixing should face life bans.", "The Pentagon is considering transferring Private Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison in order to treat her gender dysphoria, US media report.", "Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the first round of the Korea Open by qualifier Nicole Gibbs.", "St Johnstone have made 18-year-old Northern Irish midfielder Kyle McClean their first signing of the summer.", "Disney has become the first film studio to take $7bn (\u00c2\u00a35.7bn) in global ticket sales for 2016.", "Some 11,180 students were placed on undergraduate courses in the UK through clearing in the first 24 hours after yesterday's A-level results.", "Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced plans to track foreign homeownership and raised the possibility of eventually enacting limits on buying.", "The grandmother of a four-year-old boy who received part of his father's liver has said all is going \"according to plan\" following the operation.", "A Whitehaven woman who defrauded a charity set up by a teenager dying of cancer who became well-known for her \"bucket list\" has been sentenced.", "A former special constable who groomed and engaged in sexual activity with a child has been jailed for five years.", "ScotRail said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to bring to an end a dispute over driver-only operated trains.", "People who have been flocking to Fife to see a whale which has been breaching in the Firth of Forth are being warned from \"making any attempts to approach or actively pursue\" it.", "Cardiff Devils lost 6-1 away to Nottingham Panthers in the Elite League, less than 48 hours before playing the same opposition in the Challenge Cup final.", "Organisers of the Miss America pageant have apologised to actress Vanessa Williams, 32 years after she was forced to hand back her title.", "More than 20 parties have come forward with bids to either recycle four Royal Navy frigates or turn some of them into artificial reefs, the BBC has learned.", "Ofgem has asked for more information on why a subsea cable is needed to carry electricity generated on the Western Isles to the mainland.", "Hostage Johan Gustafsson, held by al-Qaeda in Mali since 2011, has been freed, the Swedish government says.", "Action to reduce the number of Welsh children with type 1 diabetes from being admitted to hospital is needed as cases continue to rise, experts warn.", "A man whose son was killed during an opposition protest in Venezuela's capital Caracas has made a personal plea to President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro.", "The Public Prosecution Service and the PSNI have launched a legal bid to gain access to all interviews and notes by a former IRA member who was one of the main researchers for a Troubles history project at Boston College.", "A baby tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Lancashire.", "Bird flu has been confirmed in a flock of 19,500 turkeys at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said.", "The UN refugee agency has criticised Cameroon for the forced return of hundreds of refugees to north-east Nigeria after they had fled from the Islamist Boko Haram insurgency.", "A woman who nearly drowned during a school swimming lesson when she was 10 years old has won a compensation battle at the High Court.", "The ruling party in Burundi has won the parliamentary election boycotted by the main opposition parties.", "Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify military documents about the killing of ex-president Thomas Sankara, a lawyer for his family has said.", "At least two people have died and several others are feared missing after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa.", "Four of the UK's worst traffic bottlenecks occur on the Edinburgh bypass, according to new research.", "A pensioner used a mini camera to secretly film women's bare legs in a Falkirk shopping centre, a court was told.", "The authorities in Texas have charged two men with conspiring to harbour suspected illegal immigrants.", "St Johnstone players Danny Swanson and Richard Foster are set to face \"severe\" punishments for brawling with each other in the 1-0 defeat at Hamilton, manager Tommy Wright says.", "British artists have scooped several nominations for the 2015 Grammys.", "Millions of Muslims all around the world will be celebrating Eid al-Fitr this week to mark the end of Ramadan.", "Ten men were arrested after a teenager was stabbed and gun shots were fired, police said.", "The partner of a transgender woman found dead in a men's prison while on remand has told an inquest she did not want to be in a male jail.", "Personal insolvency numbers have returned to \"relative stability\" in Scotland following the introduction last year of new bankruptcy legislation, according to officials.", "A group of primary school children were injured on a trip to a farm when the trailer they were in became detached from the tractor pulling it.", "Pope Francis has condemned the \"complicit silence\" about the killing of Christians during a Good Friday service in Rome.", "The Bolivian government has declared a state of emergency in a vast agricultural area affected by a plague of locusts.", "Wales rugby great Gareth Edwards has been knighted by the Duke of Cambridge in recognition of a glittering sporting career and services to charity.", "Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes are close to be being snuffed out following a 3-0 loss to England at Wembley.", "Polar bears involved in a Scottish captive breeding project are sharing an enclosure and mating.", "Guy Martin and John McGuinness will race for the Japanese-based Mugen team in this year's TT race for electric-powered machines.", "A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.", "A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over his confrontation with a woman who died in jail shortly after being arrested.", "A tweet from One Direction's Louis Tomlinson to Harry Styles has become the second most retweeted post of all time.", "A German court has sentenced a doctor who fled Chile to five years in prison for involvement in child sex abuse at a commune called Colonia Dignidad.", "Three weeks after the general election, and a week after the state opening of Parliament, new MPs have been busy making their maiden speeches in the House of Commons.", "A country pub saved from closure after villagers stepped in to buy it has been named national pub of the year.", "Mexican authorities are to investigate allegations children battling cancer were given \"distilled water\" instead of chemotherapy.", "Gloucester City chairman Nigel Hughes has urged absent fans to return to the struggling non-league club.", "The funeral of an Afghanistan veteran and Green Beret who died after collapsing during the London Marathon has been held in Dunfermline, Fife.", "A man who was tortured and raped during an attack by two of his former friends in a Belfast flat has said he thought he was \"going to die that night\".", "A militant from the so-called Islamic State (IS) believed to be responsible for a deadly attack on US troops in northern Iraq has been killed in a drone strike, the US military said.", "Vin Diesel sang, Channing Tatum danced and Zac Efron showed off his abs, yes - again, at the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.", "Plymouth Argyle striker Jimmy Spencer will miss at least three months after breaking and dislocating his ankle.", "Radamel Falcao has been omitted from Chelsea's 25-man squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.", "A baby dolphin has died after it was surrounded by tourists looking to take photographs on a beach in southern Spain.", "Two men have been assaulted by an armed gang in south Belfast.", "Several thousand customers were left without electricity for a time on Wednesday night.", "A man has been stabbed to death in Mottingham in the early hours of Boxing Day.", "Plans for a controversial cycle path through Edinburgh have been agreed in principle by city councillors.", "Last year's winner Many Clouds heads Saturday's Grand National field after the 40-runner line-up was confirmed.", "Keepers at Chester Zoo are making sure every creature, from the biggest elephant to the smallest beetle, is present and correct as part of their annual animal count.", "A manhunt is under way in Germany after a man allegedly stabbed a nine-year-old neighbour to death and uploaded a video boasting of his deed to the dark web.", "A second referendum on the details of any Brexit deal should be offered to voters, Green Party of England and Wales MP Caroline Lucas has said.", "An NHS mental health services provider has been upgraded from \"inadequate\" to \"good\" following a recent inspection.", "This year's Grand National winner Rule The World has been retired.", "Air, sea and land searches were made over the weekend for a missing 18-year-old Inverness man.", "Coronation Street and Keeping up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent has said.", "The search for a Scots botanist missing in Vietnam is expected to resume later after being abandoned in heavy snow.", "Petrol and diesel prices rose sharply in October, said the RAC, taking them to their highest level since July 2015.", "\"Extremely serious concerns about unacceptable noise and disruption\" caused by students in Oxford have increased, according to a letter seen by the BBC.", "A hospital has suspended visits to patients on all its wards following an outbreak of the norovirus bug.", "A man has appeared in court over an acid attack that left two people with \"life-changing\" injuries.", "Ferry firm SeaFrance is to shed 127 jobs in Dover after it was liquidated by a French court and told to cease activity.", "Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied confessing to the abduction, rape and killing of 13-year-old Milly Dowler.", "The Israeli government has taken steps to reduce the penalties for personal marijuana use.", "Everton's Romelu Lukaku has decided where he wants to play next season.", "A 1969 Led Zeppelin session for the BBC that was thought to have been lost when archives were wiped has been recovered from a recording made by a fan.", "A prison officer has suffered a serious neck wound after she was attacked at a jail in County Antrim.", "Post offices and shops are expected to be very busy on Tuesday, as people going back to work after the holidays try to return unwanted presents.", "Northern Ireland's new health minister has challenged politicians to accept change as he outlined his vision for the future of local health services.", "A school pupil involved in a coach crash in Belgium in which the driver died is still having \"sleepless nights\" two months on, her father has said.", "Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Dundee United, but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by Rangers.", "A motorcyclist who reached the speed of 237km/h (147mph) on Beijing's ring road has been detained by Chinese police for dangerous driving, state media report.", "One in three councils in England has not replaced a single home sold through the Right to Buy scheme since 2012, according to the charity Shelter.", "A bill to restrict foreign ownership in Russia's media will soon go before the parliament, which is dominated by MPs loyal to President Vladimir Putin.", "Plans to demolish and replace two West Midlands fire stations - one of which is Grade II listed - have been backed by fire service bosses.", "A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two young children inside.", "Eastleigh have confirmed the loan signing of Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.", "A football club chairman and his father were given a \"loan\" of more than \u00a32.5m by a company set up to oversee the development of its stadium.", "A Haitian former coup leader, Guy Philippe, has pleaded not guilty in a US court to drug trafficking and money laundering charges.", "Nursing job applicants are being offered two months free accommodation in a bid to quell staff shortages at a hospital trust.", "Indian police have arrested nine people they suspect of colluding to illegally construct a high-rise residential building in Mumbai which collapsed, killing 74 people.", "Ross County have completed the signing of central midfielder Tim Chow on a two-year contract.", "Aston Villa have named Tom Fox as the club's new chief executive.", "Christmas swims are expected to attract bumper numbers this year due to milder winter weather and growing popularity for the craze.", "China faces a ban from international weightlifting competition after three of its athletes failed doping tests.", "The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen in the past year, according to a new report.", "German airline Lufthansa is making an eleventh-hour court appeal to halt a planned pilots' strike that will cancel 900 flights on Wednesday.", "The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted allowing human sewage to leak from a tank and pollute a stream.", "Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has had his loan spell with Belgian club Standard Liege terminated.", "Labour's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review to work on long-term changes to England's exams and curriculum for 14 to 19-year-olds.", "Workers in Northern Ireland factories operated by US firm Caterpillar will be given details of job cuts later.", "Business leaders' group the Institute of Directors (IoD) has accused the UK government of a \"poverty of ambition\" on broadband speeds.", "Three different 999 services had to be stood down after a \"body in the water\" turned out to be a bronze sculpture.", "A paedophile who travelled from London to south Wales has been jailed for three years.", "Solihull held on to claim a narrow victory over Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men late on.", "Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has confirmed he will not stand for Parliament again after taking a new role with an education think-tank.", "A 200-year-old burial site has been discovered during redevelopment work at Brighton Dome Corn Exchange.", "Mae diffoddwyr yn mynd i'r afael \u00e2 th\u00e2n mawr mewn garej yn Sir Conwy.", "York residents are being put off applying for flood protection grants as the process is \"incredibly complicated\", a local MP has claimed.", "A woman who was seriously hurt in a fatal hen party motorway crash is now helping other major trauma victims rebuild their lives.", "Cuban police have detained more than 50 people who took part in a march calling on the island's communist government to release political prisoners.", "New car sales in Scotland grew last month but at half the rate of the UK as a whole, according to motor traders.", "Police in Edinburgh are investigating a series of thefts and attempted thefts where men have impersonated police officers.", "The European Commission has ruled that a controversial EU-Canada free trade deal - CETA - cannot be renegotiated, despite much opposition in Europe.", "A Royal Navy chef has spent hours melting chocolate buttons to create a small fleet of ships in commemoration of the Battle of Trafalgar.", "Ambulance crews who gave a cardiac arrest patient 17 high-energy electric shocks say he is lucky to be alive.", "Belfast's Rebecca Shorten won a bronze medal as part of the Great Britain women's eight at the final World Cup regatta of the season in Lucerne.", "The owner of a cat which visits a supermarket every day, has had to ask people to stop feeding his pet because he was putting on weight.", "Bradford City made sure of a League One play-off spot as they beat Southend United thanks to Lee Evans' early goal.", "A new mayor in South Africa says he will give away a fleet of new luxury cars ordered by his predecessors.", "A union has welcomed reassurances from the new owner of Bernard Matthews over job security and pensions.", "A man in a wheelchair with an apparent grievance has detonated a small device at Beijing International Airport.", "One person has been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the M4 in Cardiff involving a tanker and a van.", "Councillors are to be given a progress report on plans to develop a national resilience centre in Dumfries.", "Legoland has apologised to people who have spent hours stuck in its car park.", "A care home has been ordered to raise its standards after the industry watchdog criticised areas including infection control.", "An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who raided her home and stole birthday and Christmas presents.", "A second teenager has been arrested after a suspected knife fight broke out at a London shopping centre on Boxing Day, the Metropolitan Police has said.", "Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising as a player and co-owner.", "Britain's Olympic silver medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill should \"take time\" to consider her future, her coach Toni Minichiello has said.", "A heavily pregnant woman had a gun pressed to her head when masked burglars broke into her Rochdale home.", "A town centre footfall study in the Borders has recorded a 6% rise across eight main towns in the region in 2015 compared with the previous year.", "Bhutan is a tiny and remote kingdom nestling in the Himalayas between its powerful neighbours, India and China.", "Scotland boss-in-waiting Shelley Kerr is good enough to coach any men's side in Scotland, according to 104-time capped forward Suzanne Grant.", "Stoke City have signed Cameroon winger Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a three-year deal after his contract ran out at German club Schalke.", "The SNP has held a South Ayrshire Council ward following a by-election which was called after the previous incumbent was elected as an MP.", "A group of Italian scientists convicted of manslaughter for failing to predict a deadly earthquake have had the verdict quashed.", "Vitamin B3 could be the new weapon in the fight against superbugs such as MRSA, researchers have suggested.", "A child sexual exploitation report has found police made no sustained effort to find out who was responsible for abusing children in the care system.", "Musician Koffi Olomide has been taken into custody in the Democratic Republic of Congo, days after he was deported from Kenya for allegedly kicking one of his dancers at an airport in Nairobi.", "Two convicted rapists and a man convicted of assault - all considered to be a \"risk to the public\" - have absconded from an open prison.", "Rapper Kanye West has declared he wants to work with Ikea on a new range of furniture.", "A \"glitch\" which shut down all the computer systems at Edinburgh Airport caused \"massive disruption\" and some flight delays.", "A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a 14-year-old boy was treated in hospital after taking half of a 'Darth Vader' tablet.", "Burma has set up a commission to investigate recent violence between Buddhists and Muslims in the west of the country, in which dozens died.", "Mafia criminals who are better educated tend to earn more, research suggests.", "England full-back Sam Tomkins will rejoin Wigan on a four-year deal after he agreed to leave National Rugby League side New Zealand Warriors.", "A man killed in a crash in Chorley had recently returned from a motorbike tour of Europe as part of his 21st birthday celebrations.", "Bournemouth's Polish goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.", "These amazing forest buildings could help tackle China's pollution problems.", "Britain's Tom Daley said he was \"heartbroken\" after a shock semi-final elimination in the Olympic 10m platform diving competition.", "The Republic's spending watchdog has reportedly concluded that the \u00a31.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio had \"irregularities\" and \"shortcomings\".", "Hackers have targeted a council Twitter feed - announcing an end to council tax and free parking for all.", "Starting university is meant to be an exciting time but for Amara Bangura it has been a bit too eventful.", "The BBC's News at Ten is to run 10 minutes longer in the New Year, with the bulletin set to end at 22:45 GMT on every weekday except Friday.", "Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is \"out of order\" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri, says ex-Arsenal defender Martin Keown.", "The family of a woman who killed herself after being discharged from hospital has labelled a report into her death \"psycho babble and twaddle\".", "Sony Music, one of the big three global record companies, says it will start pressing its own vinyl releases again for the first time since 1989.", "A female polar bear at a Scottish zoo has been temporarily put off limits to visitors as a precaution in case she is pregnant.", "New health advice recommends short spells in the sun - without suncream and in the middle of the day.", "Multimillion-pound repairs to a flood-hit bridge have been approved by senior councillors.", "South Africa is set to hold a huge protest march against xenophobia in the coastal city of Durban following a wave of attacks on foreigners.", "The death of a man who twice apparently jumped from a building has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.", "Plans to relax so-called \"purdah rules\" on government announcements in the run-up to the EU referendum are to be the subject of a quickfire inquiry by MPs.", "This ancient fort could not look more different to the red brick housing estate currently occupying suburbia in Monmouthshire.", "A person has been taken to hospital by air ambulance following a serious crash on a major road in Monmouthshire.", "More than 50,000 people in the NHS earned more than \u00a3100,000 in 2013-14, an investigation by the Taxpayers' Alliance and Daily Mail shows.", "This Friday marks the 100th anniversary of one of the deadliest battles in World War One.", "A public school teacher who groped an 18-year-old girl has been given a nine-month suspended sentence.", "Two teenagers arrested after a 16-year-old boy suffered \"potentially life threatening injuries\" in a stabbing in Brighton have been released on bail.", "The body of a missing music shop owner has been found in the boot of his car parked in Birmingham.", "Punk-pop band Green Day have hit number one for the third time in their career with their new album Revolution Radio.", "Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become boss at League One side Bury, after they agreed a compensation package with the Scottish Premiership side.", "Turkey's government has sacked another 1,389 soldiers accused of being linked to the coup attempt earlier this month.", "Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of high-rise buildings in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire.", "Nineteen people have been killed after a bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims crashed in Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state-run Mena news agency says.", "Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes has said he is \"ready to move on with his life\" after a man appeared in court to admit assaulting him.", "World number one Dustin Johnson is out of the Masters at Augusta National after suffering a back injury in a fall at his rental home on Wednesday.", "Hundreds of jobs could be lost if Rolls-Royce moves it research and development work out of Derby, a Unite union organiser has said.", "Australia were \"overly sensitive\" to postpone their tour of Bangladesh over security concerns, says Pakistan Cricket Board president Shahryar Khan.", "A specialised white blood cell found in birds can destroy an infection thought to cause hundreds of thousands of human deaths a year, scientists claim.", "A plane has been forced to carry out an unexpected landing after being struck by lightning.", "A woman has been remanded in custody charged with covering up the death of a one-year-old for more than a decade.", "People concerned with traffic congestion in villages near Stonehenge are stepping up a campaign for \"urgent action\" to be taken.", "Birmingham defender Paul Caddis has been told he is free to find a new club after more than four years with Blues.", "Fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says Australia's attack can reopen the scars of England's batting struggles from their 5-0 Ashes whitewash down under.", "An Orange hall in County Antrim has been the target of a paint bomb attack.", "Three people were killed when a \"monster truck\" ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at an annual motor show in the east of the Netherlands.", "Labour's leadership is heading \"in the opposite direction to where voters are\" on big issues, an ex-minister says.", "Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than \u00a31m.", "Plans by Apple and Google to do more to protect customers' privacy have made the FBI \"very concerned\".", "The influential head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has called for civilian drone technology to be regulated, warning about privacy and security concerns.", "Two care workers who admitted neglect after a pensioner fell from a hoist at a Birmingham care home have been sentenced to 12-month community orders.", "The makers of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway board game have apologised after it was found to have several errors.", "Security is tight in the German capital, Berlin, Germany host England in a friendly football match.", "Imax, the Canadian maker of widescreen cinema theatres, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) of its China unit in Hong Kong.", "A gold supercar with L-plates was seized by police in west London, leaving its driver by the roadside.", "Cincinnati's Scooter Gennett became the 17th player to hit four home runs in a Major League Baseball game in Tuesday's 13-1 win over St. Louis Cardinals.", "West Yorkshire's chief constable has had his suspension lifted.", "The US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on an unannounced visit.", "Concerns are growing for a teenager who was last seen at a beach in South Devon six days ago.", "A man who stabbed a motorist 39 times after a crash was misdiagnosed with a form of autism, a court has been told.", "League One side Peterborough United have parted company with manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.", "Media regulator Ofcom has opened up bidding for operators to set up their own local TV services across the UK.", "An RAF pilot was guided into landing his jet by a colleague in another aircraft after suffering \"a partial loss of vision\", it has emerged.", "Meat-eaters \"easily cheat, lie, forget promises and commit sex crimes\", according to a controversial school textbook available in India.", "A man has appeared before magistrates in Bristol charged with murder after a man was knocked down and dragged under a moving car.", "Former US President Bill Clinton is introduced to the McGuinness family by Sinn F\u00e9in President Gerry Adams", "Brazilian prosecutors have filed corruption charges against President Dilma Rousseff's electoral strategist.", "The public is being asked to provide information on the locations of nine fugitives suspected of serious environmental crimes.", "Asian markets headed lower after a survey of China's manufacturing sector indicated it is shrinking at the fastest pace for six-and-a-half years.", "Jono Gibbes is to become the head coach of Pro12 side Ulster on a two-year deal in the summer.", "Four hillwalkers who got into difficulties during severe weather on Ben Lomond have been rescued.", "Shares in Swiss agribusiness group Syngenta have risen 12% after its takeover by ChemChina was given the go-ahead by a US regulator.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed goalkeeper Lenny Pidgeley until the end of the season.", "A lorry driver has smashed through the front wall of a pub in Wiltshire.", "League One side Fleetwood Town have signed defender Joe Davis from Leicester City for an undisclosed fee.", "League One side Oldham Athletic have signed goalkeeper Chris Kettings on a one-year deal.", "Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused over the 9/11 attacks have appeared at a US military tribunal for the first time in five months.", "Beyonce has scooped nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards, extending her lead as the most-nominated woman in Grammys history.", "The Prime Minister has given his public backing to a stadium in Cornwall if the Conservatives are re-elected in May.", "Manchester United have opened talks with Wayne Rooney over a new deal that could keep the striker at Old Trafford for the rest of his career.", "Mansfield Town have signed striker Kane Hemmings from League One club Oxford United on a season-long loan.", "The fuselage of a World War II Spitfire that has spent the last few years in a garden in Oxford has failed to reach its asking price at auction in Surrey.", "A castle has welcomed 20 chicks to its grounds after hens nested next to a lifelike replica boar.", "The government's immigration cap on skilled workers has had no effect on bringing down net migration and is not \"fit for purpose\", MPs say.", "The AA has warned that it may have to raise its prices because the government has doubled the tax rate on insurance policies in less than two years.", "The Archbishop of Canterbury is working with other Christian churches to agree on a fixed date for Easter.", "Air strikes on so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa have cut the city's water supply, with 20 civilians reported dead.", "Lincoln City have signed Shrewsbury winger James Caton on loan until the end of the season.", "Planned cuts to library services in a West Yorkshire town have been scrapped following campaigns by residents.", "Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported stronger than expected sales for the July-to-September period.", "Germany's Michael Jung retained his Olympic individual eventing title by winning gold at Rio 2016 on his second-choice horse.", "Locals could be offered the chance to buy shares in new wind farms, solar farms and hydro power stations, under new government approved guidelines.", "A 19-year-old man has been charged after a cat was killed and others were badly injured in shootings in Surrey.", "The Duchy of Cornwall was warned of the risk of a \"potentially fatal situation\" at a beach it owns, ahead of a man's death there last week.", "Asian markets traded lower on Thursday with investor sentiment dented by a weaker than expected first quarter growth figure in the US.", "Opener David Warner hit an unbeaten 122 as Australia drew a rain-affected third and final Test against West Indies.", "Rescuers used helicopters to pluck families from rooftops in the southern German town of Deggendorf on Wednesday as the Danube flood crisis continues.", "A mother walking her children to school in north Wales is in hospital with serious injuries after being attacked on a busy footpath.", "Two teenagers have been arrested and three knives recovered after 300 people attended a house party in east London.", "Interest rates should remain low to avoid long-term economic stagnation, the chief economist at the Bank of England has said.", "Hon Hai Precision Industry, a major assembler of Apple products, has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iPhones and iPads.", "A man has been acquitted of raping a student who killed herself while detectives investigated the case.", "A foam factory in Merthyr Tydfil has announced it will close with the loss of 80 jobs.", "The quest to find King Arthur's Camelot has puzzled and intrigued scholars and fans for over a thousand years.", "Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri has backed Jamie Vardy to end his goal drought, but revealed the striker has even struggled to score in training.", "A police officer has been slashed in the face with gardening shears during a large-scale disturbance in Essex.", "Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.", "Leaders of the prison officers union have reached a deal over pay and conditions following concerns about jail safety, the Ministry of Justice has said.", "A widower is appealing to help find the stranger who took the last photo of him and his wife together before she died.", "Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams because of health concerns, the health ministry says.", "There were angry scenes on Monday night as the bill enabling the government to trigger Article 50 cleared the Lords.", "More than 1,300 militants from so-called Islamic State were killed by British air strikes in Iraq over a 12-month period, according to new figures.", "An airport has taken down its passenger information website after a hacker breached security systems, claiming they were too lax.", "The preferred location for a town's first railway station in 50 years has been revealed.", "A third man has been jailed for murdering a flight attendant who was bludgeoned with a hammer and buried in a concrete tomb.", "Five people have been injured following a crash between a bin lorry, a bus and two cars.", "Shrien Dewani has arrived back in England after being cleared by a court in South Africa of arranging the murder of his wife in 2010.", "The company behind the UK's first horizontal fracking operation has announced six \"commitments\" which it claims will ensure Lancashire benefits.", "Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has fired a senior official over an incident caused by his daughter at an exclusive restaurant last month.", "British and Burmese authorities could work together to find 20 Spitfires buried in Burma at the end of the World War II, officials say.", "Two men were rescued after becoming stranded on a crag on Snowdon's narrow Crib Goch ridge.", "A system for detaining asylum seekers while their claims are speedily assessed has been temporarily suspended after it was ruled unlawful last month.", "South Wales Police are appealing for information over the whereabouts of a man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager.", "Two men arrested in connection with the suspected murder of a missing man have been released on bail.", "A major Scottish interior fitter has announced \"a major review of its longer-term vision, mission and strategy\".", "A retired TV producer is to appeal against his conviction for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner.", "The body of the first Briton to be killed while fighting against Islamic State (IS) has been handed over to his family at the Syrian-Iraqi border.", "Preston North End have re-signed goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a one-year deal after he had his contract cancelled at West Bromwich Albion.", "Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has accused his Labour Party colleagues of \"behaving like a petulant child who has been told you can't have the sweeties in the sweet shop\".", "A grandfather from Gwynedd died after being hit by a boat's propeller off the Maltese coast, an inquest has heard.", "An Iraqi court has sentenced to death 27 men for their involvement in the massacre of up to 1,700 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in June 2014.", "Devon-based surfing goods and forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by an Australian company as part of a \u00a37m deal.", "Spain's Sergio Garcia opened up a three-shot lead in the Dubai Desert Classic as the delayed second round was completed on Saturday morning.", "Darren Ambrose's double helped struggling Colchester United come from behind to win 2-1 at Bradford City and end a 19-game League One winless run.", "Three Neolithic-style huts have been built at Old Sarum to offer an insight into how Stonehenge's builders lived.", "Joseph Parker and Andy Ruiz Jr will fight for the WBO heavyweight title vacated by Tyson Fury on 10 December.", "Mae Cymru Fyw wedi mynd i ysbryd yr \u0175y-l ond mae ymennydd ein cwisfeistr druan wedi ffrio'n l\u00e2n!", "A second suspect wanted in the death of a US border official has been extradited to the US, in a case linked to a botched gun-running sting.", "The FBI is investigating another wave of bomb threats to Jewish facilities in the US after 11 sites were evacuated on Monday.", "Police investigating the rape of an elderly nun in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a key suspect in the crime.", "A member of Texas' House of Representatives has filed a resolution to urge Texans to stop using an emoji representing the Chilean flag when they really mean to use the Texan flag.", "The Premier League has announced a new deal with American broadcaster NBC Universal to show live games for the next six years.", "The second phase of a \u00a315m project to upgrade the water and sewer pipes in Stafford is under way.", "Turkey has accused Russia of again violating its airspace and warned it would \"face consequences\" if such infringements continue.", "Newcastle director of rugby Dean Richards believes his side are gaining attention due to their higher position in the Premiership table.", "Peterborough United defender Miles Addison has signed a new one-month contract with the League One side.", "Belgian rider Femke van den Driessche has been suspended for six years in the first proven case of mechanical doping in cycling.", "George Ford is expected to make way for Owen Farrell at fly-half for England's opening Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.", "A Stranraer Academy student has set up a petition to ensure a life-enhancing drug is made available to a fellow pupil with an extremely rare disease.", "Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their failed bid to be part of the inaugural Women's Super Rugby competition.", "A police drugs team worker was drafted in to help with a roadside drama as he helped deliver a baby.", "Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill believes other clubs are offering big money to Manu Tuilagi.", "A \"serial liar\" who made a series of bogus sexual assault allegations against 15 men has been jailed for 10 years.", "A businessman who plied teenage girls with vodka before sexually abusing them has been sentenced to 13 years.", "Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a factory on the Isle of Scalpay in the Western Isles.", "Torrential rain in Cambridgeshire caused a riverbank to collapse, left 856 homes without power, trapped drivers and closed two supermarkets.", "A British Army team has arrived in Somalia as part of a United Nations mission to counter Islamist militants.", "A six-year-old girl, who survived a cancer battle, is back in hospital after being injured when an inflatable slide blew into a crowd in high winds.", "Women's football's all-time international leading goalscorer, United States striker Abby Wambach, will retire at the end of a World Cup victory tour in December.", "Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of loose-head prop Oliver Kebble for next season.", "Head coach Denis Betts is not worried about Widnes' recent form despite four consecutive Super League defeats.", "Three people arrested after a man was found unconscious following a suspected assault in Brighton have been released without charge.", "A man who coerced a woman into having sex with a stranger before sending \"revenge porn\" to her family has been jailed for six years.", "Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.", "Temporary classrooms are being set up at a school that was damaged by fire.", "Wales wing George North's decision not to return to a Welsh region is a disappointment, says Rugby Wales chief executive Mark Davies.", "Czech 14th seed Petra Kvitova kept up her superb form by thrashing fourth seed Simona Halep to reach the final at the Wuhan Open in China.", "A man beaten with iron bars by a masked gang has blamed dissident republican paramilitaries for an attack at his home in Derry.", "A multi-million pound refurbishment of a Denbighshire leisure centre which was closed because of council cutbacks is due to start.", "A total of 179 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated in Keighley and Bradford, West Yorkshire Police has said.", "A truck driver has been charged with illegally transporting immigrants after dozens of people were discovered in the back of his trailer.", "A unique perspective on a landmark social event is to be unveiled as part of Nottingham's Caribbean Carnival.", "A woman with multiple sclerosis has said she was refused a taxi to a meeting of the MS Society because the journey was too short.", "A police sergeant called out to deal with a brawl in a Glasgow pub ended up giving an arresting performance of Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive.", "South Africa fast bowler Hardus Viljoen took five wickets on his Kent debut as they bowled Gloucestershire out for 221 on day one in Bristol.", "Nathan Buck took a career-best 6-34 to help bowl Durham out for 166 and give Northants the upper hand on day one.", "Police have searched the home and garden of a vulnerable woman who has been missing for a month in Inverclyde.", "A charity has criticised a series of adverts which it claims are offensive to people with facial burns.", "French mosques have invited non-Muslims in to try to create greater understanding of Islam in France.", "Early agreement has been reached on North Sea fishing quotas for next year, with an increase in key stocks for Scottish fishermen.", "A couple who were in a light aircraft that crashed in a Northamptonshire field escaped unhurt and were found by ambulance crews in a nearby pub.", "Ireland pair Jonathan Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to resume full training after injury before Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.", "Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and his state secretary, Fred Teeven, have resigned after misleading parliament over a 2001 compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.", "Gavin Swankie's late winner gave Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic a 4-3 win over Cowdenbeath, who sink to the foot of the table.", "A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.", "Visitors have been asked to stay away from a Vale of Glamorgan hospital because of an outbreak of norovirus.", "Gritting lorries and snowploughs have been out and about on Lincolnshire's roads - in preparation for the start of the snow risk season.", "They can walk, they can talk, and may soon be thinking for themselves.", "A former friend of the women who murdered toddler Liam Fee has told the BBC that \"no sentence\" could ever be enough for their crimes.", "A paper manufacturer has applied to build a new plant to generate electricity and steam for its mill in West Norfolk.", "Bulldozers have started to clear part of the makeshift Calais camp known as the \"Jungle\" after about 1,000 residents left the area.", "Police invoked special stop and search powers after three people were stabbed within 10 minutes in a town centre.", "Charter Communications has agreed to buy media giant Time Warner Cable in a deal which values the company at $78.7bn (\u00c2\u00a352bn).", "The Polish foreign ministry has banned a biker gang linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin from entering the country.", "Hashim Amla resigned as South Africa captain immediately after his side drew the second Test against England.", "Australia's economy grew at a better-than-expected 0.9% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to the previous quarter, boosted by mining together with financial and insurance services.", "The sound of the first cuckoo in spring is a familiar one in the British countryside.", "Wales' Jamie Donaldson will take a two-shot lead into the third round of the Nordea Masters after carding a second successive 69 on Friday.", "Campaigners want a dedicated clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Wales.", "A new gin distillery in the Borders - built in a converted cowshed - is to start production early in the new year.", "A 19th Century factory, once a grand beacon of Nottingham's industry, has been largely reduced to ashes and rubble after a fire consumed it for more than a week.", "A US student has been charged with smearing peanut butter in the face of an undergraduate who has a potentially deadly allergy.", "Norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour Finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence.", "The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he only accepted the job after being convinced by his wife.", "A football team stranded on a motorway after a bridge collapsed are hunting for a mystery bride who asked to have her photo taken with them.", "A man has been arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of \"Syria-related terrorism\" offences.", "Three statues honouring the Devonshire, Dorset and combined Devon and Dorset Army regiments are being planned for the National Memorial Arboretum.", "A serial robber who threatened an 18-year-old shop worker with a knife was caught after his streak of grey hair was recognised in CCTV footage.", "Four silver coins dating from the 14th Century that were found on County Down farmland have been declared to be treasure at an inquest in Belfast.", "A 15-year-old girl has died despite being rescued after she was swept into the sea in North Tyneside.", "The boyfriend of a pregnant woman killed in a scooter accident in Thailand is to be charged over her death, police in the country have said.", "A woman who set a \"honey trap\" for a professional gambler who was kicked to death for his winnings has been jailed for 16 years.", "Manchester United's \u00a356m new signings Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw will join the squad to tour the United States later this month.", "The IT systems of three US hospitals have been infected with ransomware, which encrypts vital files and demands money to unlock them.", "BodyPositive is an exciting new BBC campaign.", "Some 120 diners celebrating a baptism at a restaurant in a north-western Spanish town all fled the restaurant at once without paying, the owner said.", "Reported incidents of livestock worrying have risen by 55%, according to police.", "French driver Esteban Ocon will race for Force India in 2017 after agreeing a \"multi-year deal\", with the team.", "The quality of care at an Aberdeen nursing home has been deemed \"unsatisfactory\".", "Fetch, sit and roll over - all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog.", "Three men have been found guilty of killing a rival drug dealer in a gang-related revenge attack.", "Blackburn Rovers midfielder Hope Akpan has had his three-match ban for violent conduct extended to four, following a Football Association charge.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Ben Jefford on an 18-month contract from Welling.", "Adam Voges and Dawid Malan both hit tons as Middlesex dominated Hampshire on day one at Merchant Taylors' School.", "Parents of babies with milk and soya allergies could face charges of up to \u00a3112 per week to feed their children in London, it has been claimed.", "Thousands of people have come forward following a worldwide appeal to find a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a match in the next two months.", "A Bangladeshi toddler born with a third leg attached to her pelvis is returning home after successful surgery in Australia.", "A man is to appear in court over the suspicious death of a 34-year-old in Dundee.", "A man has died in a huge blaze at a sheltered housing complex in Fife.", "Forest Green Rovers goalkeeper Sam Russell has signed a new one-year deal.", "John Horan easily won the vote at Congress on Friday night to become the GAA president-elect.", "Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has played down reports of Rangers renewing their interest in Jamie Walker.", "Michael van Gerwen has won the UK Open title for the first time in his career, beating Peter Wright 11-5 in the final in Minehead.", "Gordon Greer has a double mission this summer - find a new club and one that is good enough to help him retain his place in the Scotland team.", "The longest-serving Lib Dem peer and veteran human rights campaigner, Lord Avebury, has died at the age of 87.", "A CCTV image of two women who may have witnessed a serious assault at a music venue has been released by police.", "A protest has taken place opposing cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.", "Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after suffering discrimination and serious injuries in the line of work, a union said.", "Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson says the club have been hit hard by the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick, who he believes will be successful with England.", "German exports and production fell in November compared with the previous month.", "A Red Cross manager who led the organisation's on-site response to the Shoreham Airshow disaster has been awarded a British Empire Medal.", "The Welsh Liberal Democrats would create 140,000 extra apprentices over the next five years if the party wins power in May's elections.", "Vodafone has warned it could move its headquarters from the UK depending on the outcome of Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union.", "A man has been jailed after he told a stranger that he wanted her to have a baby with her so he could abuse it.", "A police officer has been disciplined over a mistake which led to armed police being sent to the wrong address during a search of a family home in County Down.", "Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic gave the Paris crowd a home victory to cheer as they won the women's doubles title at the French Open.", "Head coach Warren Gatland said Wales' string of injuries were no defence for their 23-19 World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa.", "Bosses at Gatwick Airport have unveiled five \"guarantees\" they hope will convince the Airports Commission to approve a second runway.", "Carlisle United have signed free-agent winger Louis Pedro on a short-term contract that will expire on 21 May.", "League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe from Bury on loan until 5 January.", "A British woman jailed for taking her clothes off on a mountain in Malaysia has left Borneo ahead of returning to the UK later.", "The International Bomber Command Centre has been targeted by thieves for the second time in a matter of weeks.", "The winding-up petition brought against League Two side Northampton Town has been withdrawn following a court hearing on Monday.", "Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have plunged by about 50% in the past two days, surprising market watchers across the region.", "Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined 20,000 rupees (\u00c2\u00a3229; $300) after posting photos online of him and his wife posing in front of endangered Asiatic lions.", "A man who was facing trial for the attempted murder of two boys who were stabbed in a street in Hampshire has been found dead in his prison cell.", "Shows like Transparent mean there are more LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) characters on US TV than ever before, a report has found.", "Voters in Tower Hamlets are going to the polls to vote for a new mayor.", "Former England half-back Rangi Chase says he is \"back in love\" with rugby league after rejoining Castleford following a fight with depression.", "Britain's Martyn Rooney says he would rather receive his Beijing Olympic bronze medal at the Anniversary Games than at the World Championships.", "Researchers have identified a gene that appears to curb coffee consumption.", "Thailand has begun the process of naming Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as the country's new king.", "Sammy Wilson has said he will not be running for the DUP leadership.", "The body of a man has been found at a property in Oxford, police have confirmed.", "A Chinese government-linked company has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting high-performance coatings from the US to a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.", "You wait more than 15 years for a new Ghostbusters film, and then two come along at the same time.", "Rail upgrade works affecting people travelling between south Wales, Bristol Parkway and London Paddington have begun.", "Some 800,000 people have turned out in Barcelona and other towns in Catalonia on a day of rallies by nationalists wishing to break with Spain.", "Photographs showing a festive Prince Harry have been released, to mark his support of a charity helping children affected by HIV and Aids.", "Singapore plans to regulate third-party taxi booking apps such as Uber by capping fees and limiting them to use only licensed vehicles and drivers.", "A police dog stabbed on duty returned to the beat earlier this month after life-saving surgery.", "A woman, believed to be in her 80s, has died following a blaze at a house in the village of Lhanbryde near Elgin in Moray.", "Four men have been charged in a shooting at outside a Minneapolis police station that left five protesters wounded.", "The prime minister of the southern African kingdom of Lesotho has fled to South Africa, alleging a coup by the army and saying his life is in danger.", "A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been a victim of \"political harassment\" after a break-in at his constituency office in Cardiff.", "Campaigners are holding a protest walk against plans to build pylons across the Lake District National Park.", "Baltimore has lifted an overnight curfew imposed after riots sparked by the death of a black man in custody.", "Defender Paul Quinn has rejoined Ross County on an 18-month contract after agreeing his release from Aberdeen.", "Alviro Petersen made his second County Championship century of the summer to spearhead a solid day's batting by Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's.", "The US stock market closed on Tuesday about where it began, recovering after a flash of panic prompted by the release of emails from Donald Trump Jr.", "After being elected the new president of the IAAF, Lord Coe said taking the role was \"probably the second biggest and most momentous occasion in my life\" after the birth of his children.", "York City have signed midfielder Clovis Kamdjo on a two-year contract following his release by National League rivals Forest Green Rovers in May.", "Carmaker Vauxhall is trying to contact hundreds of thousands of British drivers, over worries their Zafira models could catch fire.", "Star Wars fans are being given the opportunity to become Jedi Knights and learn how to wield lightsabers in combat.", "A man has died in a crash involving two cars on one of Dorset's busiest routes.", "Oil firm Royal Dutch Shell has won approval from the US Department of Interior to explore for oil in the Arctic.", "A 26-year-old lawyer has pleaded guilty to murdering a young teacher whose body was found at a hotel on Christmas Eve.", "Turkey has blocked direct access to the Tor anonymous browsing network as part of a wider crackdown on the ways people circumvent internet censorship.", "Winger Carlos de Pena has left Middlesbrough after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.", "Palmyra, one of the archaeological jewels of the Middle East, is said to be under threat from Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.", "Contractors were left red-faced after incorrectly painting the word \"rihgt\" on a road off a supermarket car park.", "Ex-Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes new manager Rafael Benitez will be allowed greater control at the club.", "A Victorian university building in Aberystwyth could be transformed into a postgraduate centre under plans for a new \"cultural quarter\".", "Nottinghamshire piled up 446 on the opening day of the 2016 season as Steven Mullaney punished newly-promoted Surrey with an impressive hundred.", "Awareness rides are taking place to try and cut the number of people on horseback injured or killed on roads.", "A book about the death of a British officer in Afghanistan, once pulped by the Ministry of Defence, has won the Orwell Prize for political writing.", "Wetwang, Cockermouth and Bell End were just some of the place names deemed too rude to be shown at a Women's Institute (WI) event.", "Ireland flanker CJ Stander says scrum-half Conor Murray will not need special protection in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Murrayfield.", "Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge in South Africa to run 27 marathons in 27 days for Sport Relief.", "Norwich boss Alex Neil was pleased with his side's \"control\" during their 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Tuesday.", "Hugh Grant has been cast in Guy Ritchie's big-screen adaptation of the 1960s TV show, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Nigeria has slipped into recession, with the latest growth figures showing the economy contracted 2.06% between April and June.", "Wall Street posted solid gains, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reaching record highs.", "A commemorative \u00a35 coin is being produced to honour the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.", "One of the reasons the Great Exhibition of the North was awarded to Newcastle and Gateshead was because of the \"ambition\" of  organisers.", "A woman has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of her three-year-old son at their Dublin home earlier this week.", "Two men have appeared in court and been charged with murder following the death of a man who suffered serious head injuries at a banqueting venue.", "Barratt Homes has confirmed it is pressing ahead with plans to build 400 new homes in the east of Scotland.", "Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio.", "Members of the public are being asked to help create a record of ritual markings on buildings that were once believed to ward off evil spirits.", "Residents and commuters took to social media after the chimney at Didcot power station apparently vanished, leading to fears it had accidently collapsed.", "A new hovercraft route between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth could be introduced in the summer, operator Hovertravel has said.", "Almost 150,000 cruise ship passengers are scheduled to visit the Bailiwick of Guernsey during 2013.", "Northern Ireland needs a major new tourist attraction outside Belfast, according to the chief executive of Titanic Belfast.", "A paranoid schizophrenic who killed a former neighbour and went missing from his secure unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.", "The chief constable of Northumbria Police will retire after 30 years of service, it has been announced.", "Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff is expected to be out for 12 weeks after having knee surgery.", "Austria winger Martin Harnik will miss Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Wales in Vienna because of a calf injury.", "Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says he wants to guide the Championship side into Europe next season as EFL Cup holders.", "A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after having issues with its nose wheels.", "A sculpture park near Wakefield has reported a 170% rise in visitors since poppies from the Tower of London went on show in September.", "Families of people allegedly killed by an Army undercover unit have been told former members of the unit who appeared on TV admitted no crimes.", "Youths gathering in an Anglesey town centre face being ordered to move, after police imposed an anti-social dispersal order in the area.", "A champion boxer who forced his way into his ex-girlfriend's flat and grabbed her around the throat has been jailed.", "A US citizen held for more than a year in North Korea has been moved back to a labour camp, US officials say.", "Three of the best known piers in England and Wales have been put on the market for a collective price of \u00a312.6m.", "South Africa head coach Russell Domingo will have to reapply for his job if he wants to stay in charge of the team after their summer tour of England.", "Singer Lil' Chris's death was caused by hanging, an inquest has heard.", "A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car police were pursuing has been described by his family \"as a respected and dedicated academic\".", "Rory McIlroy hopes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai despite suffering with food poisoning.", "Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Warwickshire in all formats of the game to focus on batting.", "French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue for libel after a senior police officer said she was harassed to change her report on the Nice terror attack.", "Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said he was mystified by his lack of pace in the Russian Grand Prix.", "Hundreds of green-fanged tube web spiders have taken over the back garden of a family home in Cardiff.", "Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland made a 2016 pre-tax profit of \u00a358m on a turnover of \u00a3176m.", "A murder inquiry has been launched in Nottingham after the death of a man.", "Two-thirds of older and disabled people in England who turn to their local councils for help with care are turned away, figures show.", "A Bolivian aviation official says she was pressured by her bosses into changing a flight report she made for the plane that crashed last week with Brazilian team Chapocoense on board.", "The trial of a group of cult members in China who beat a woman to death at a McDonald's restaurant has opened in the city of Yantai in Shandong province.", "A vigil has taken place in Cardiff Bay for French citizens and others following terror acts in Paris which left 17 people dead in three days.", "Chesterfield director of football Chris Turner has left the struggling League One club.", "More than \u00a33.8m has been spent in the last three years by civil servants using Welsh government-issued credit cards, prompting calls to reveal what the money has been spent on.", "Plans for a film studio on the outskirts of Edinburgh have been submitted to Midlothian Council.", "Tougher dog control measures could soon be implemented in Oxford.", "Stafford Shire Hall is to become an outpost of the University of Wolverhampton.", "Greenland profile", "A man has died following a two-vehicle collision on the A1 carriageway at Banbridge on Tuesday.", "Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington DC on Friday, the White House has said.", "Public transport in London is the world's most expensive, a report says.", "Gillingham are looking to add \"two or three\" more players to their squad, according to manager Ady Pennock.", "Steam, the digital gaming platform, has started offering Hollywood film rentals to users after signing a deal with production studio Lionsgate.", "Mexico officials say they have arrested six key people who allegedly helped fugitive drug cartel leader Joaquin Guzman escape from jail in July.", "A new \u00a348.5m school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open in October as planned, Highland Council has said.", "A key government policy to force all pupils to sit GCSEs in core academic subjects could be difficult for some students, the head of Ofsted has said.", "The Royal Navy has released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base.", "A missing man last spotted on CCTV footage taken at an Edinburgh train station has now been seen in central London.", "Scientists and fishermen are teaming up to try to find evidence of one of the world's rarest sharks off the Welsh coast.", "Lava from a volcano in Hawaii that has been erupting for two months, has been moving towards the coast.", "Irish state broadcaster RT\u00c9 is trying to get an injunction granted to Ireland's richest man discharged.", "Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from riding after concerns about his biological passport data resurfaced.", "A US freelance photographer who has been held in Syria for almost four years has been released, the State Department said.", "A white Chicago police officer has denied murder over the death of a black teenager who was shot 16 times in 2014.", "Newport midfielder Mark Byrne was a transfer target for Gillingham before a U-turn from manager Justin Edinburgh.", "It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new \u00a35 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.", "A 62-year-old Australian man, who says he survived without water by eating ants while lost in the Outback for six days, has spoken of his ordeal.", "Tottenham showed a \"lack of desire\" to win the Premier League with their first-half display in the 2-0 loss at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.", "Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been interviewed under caution by police following an allegation he racially abused an airline staff member at Heathrow on Monday night.", "The president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia is said to have fled the capital Sukhumi after opposition protesters seized his office.", "India's railway ministry is receiving praise on social media after it acted on a tweet from a train and provided milk to a hungry baby.", "Kasabian's latest music video has been called \"damaging\" by a mental health organisation.", "An attempt to trigger a referendum on Cardiff having an elected mayor is going to fail, a campaigner has admitted.", "The government will be lobbied by a Hampshire council over its plans to sell off an additional 56 defence sites by 2040.", "A suspected illicit cigarette-processing factory in Birmingham, thought to be capable of producing 35 million a month, has been shut down.", "Surrey Police needs to improve how it investigates crime and tackles serious and organised crime, a government inspector has said.", "The BBC has confirmed the \"global\" version of its iPlayer on-demand service will close next month.", "A cemetery's unique Victorian reception house which stored coffins to stop poor people keeping bodies in their homes, has been given protected status.", "Hundreds of cartoonists from around the world have taken part in a competition in Iran attacking Donald Trump.", "West Brom reached round three of the League Cup courtesy of a penalty shootout after being held to a goalless draw by League One side Port Vale.", "League One Rochdale have signed midfielder Keith Keane on loan from Cambridge United until January.", "A woman has been left uninjured but very upset after two men forced their way into her home and stole valuables believed to be worth thousands.", "Politicians, religious and civic leaders give their reaction to the bin lorry crash that killed six people in central Glasgow.", "England suffered a heavy 64-17 defeat by New Zealand in the final of the World Under-20 Championship in Tbilisi.", "A lorry fire has closed a southbound section of the M1 in Northamptonshire.", "Funding of up to \u00a3200m has helped create new jobs at a Highlands engineering company.", "An 82-year-old woman found murdered in her Fife home was the victim of a \"brutal and horrendous attack\", police have said.", "More international help has been arriving in Chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history.", "The US has \"strongly condemned\" Israel for approving plans for new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank.", "A Muslim couple arrested over fears that they were heading to Syria for \"extremist activities\" have won a court fight for the care of their children.", "A monument to the women chainmakers of Cradley Heath in the Black Country has been unveiled.", "Nearly 700 recruits have returned to Kenya after quitting militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.", "A 20-year-old woman has died in a crash in Richhill, County Armagh.", "Midwives in Northern Ireland staged a four-hour strike from 08:00 BST and 12:00 BST on Thursday in a pay dispute.", "Two schoolboys aged 12 and 13 have been arrested after concerns were raised about children sharing inappropriate images on social media.", "A man has been charged with murder after a former non-league footballer was stabbed to death.", "A South Korean soldier who shot dead five of his colleagues and injured seven others has been sentenced to death by a military court.", "The leader of South Africa's opposition, the Democratic Alliance, has said she will not stand for re-election at the party's congress next month.", "British middleweight champion Chris Eubank Jr has offered to give his title belt to retired opponent Nick Blackwell as a \"goodwill gesture\".", "Police in a small Alaska town mistakenly told a couple their son had been killed in a car crash, leading to an extraordinary reunion hours later.", "Swindon Town have re-signed midfielder Ben Gladwin on a 28-day emergency loan deal from Queens Park Rangers.", "Police are treating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry, as suspicious and have made an arrest.", "The family of murdered Sinn F\u00e9in official Denis Donaldson have said they do not believe the Provisional IRA killed him, or that his shooting was authorised by Gerry Adams.", "A plaque has been unveiled in memory of an Army medical officer who treated prisoners at a German concentration camp in 1945 following its liberation.", "The PSNI have found a \"viable\" pipe bomb in Dungiven, County Londonderry.", "Parents have been warned about an intruder at a Ceredigion nursery, according to a letter seen by BBC Wales.", "Home improvements retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a controlling stake in B&Q China to Wumei Holdings.", "Former Premier League striker Leon McKenzie is to fight for a national boxing title.", "RSPB Scotland has urged people to discard unwanted plastic bags carefully after a rare bird was photographed with one caught in its beak.", "Police have launched an investigation after the body of man was found in an alleyway in Rochdale.", "All but one council area of Nottinghamshire, including Nottingham city, has voted to leave the EU.", "Anthony Joshua has the \"brutish strength\" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to Audley Harrison.", "A full DNA profile has been developed of a man whose near-complete skeleton was found close to a motorway.", "Peter Houston has targeted a Scottish Championship play-off place after being unveiled as the new manager of Falkirk.", "A man died despite a rescue attempt at Penzance Harbour.", "Ryan Johnston's half-time introduction help Kilcoo edge out 13-man Scotstown 1-8 to 0-9 in the Ulster Club Football preliminary round game at Clones.", "Welsh athlete Helen Jenkins is determined to join Non Stanford and Vicky Holland in the GB triathlon team at the Rio Olympics.", "As Irish PM Enda Kenny quits as Fine Gael leader, eyes are focusing on who might succeed him.", "The second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has again been adjourned, a coroner has confirmed.", "The company that conducts most of America's rocket launches has released details of its next generation vehicle.", "American rapper A$AP Yams died of an accidental drug overdose, according to New York City's chief medical examiner.", "Doncaster Rovers boss Dean Saunders says the club are continuing to investigate claims that forward El-Hadji Diouf breached club discipline.", "Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will partner rookies in Saturday's foursomes as Europe begins day two of the Ryder Cup 5-3 behind the United States.", "Rents for premium office space in Belfast city centre have risen by 19%, but experts say still not enough to generate a boom in developments.", "The pilot of a police helicopter has called for a ban on lasers after a beam of light was shone at his aircraft as it flew over Northamptonshire.", "Scientists at Oxford University have developed a machine that can lip-read better than humans.", "Theresa May's intention at this summit was to reassure other countries that life after the EU might be tricky to work out, but in the end, all will be just fine.", "Pakistan coach Waqar Younis has dismissed suspicions over his side's performance in the third one-day international against England.", "YouTube is to scrap \"unskippable\" 30-second advertisements on the video-streaming service, from 2018.", "Defenders James Chester, Paul Dummett and Adam Matthews have been included in the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 12 June.", "Judgement has been reserved at the end of the 'gay cake' case in Northern Ireland.", "A man accused of forced labour charges told a Cardiff Crown Court he treated the alleged victim, \"like a member of the family\".", "A 21-year-old woman has died following a crash involving two cars in south Belfast.", "A hall of fame celebrating rugby union's past has been officially opened at the sport's birthplace.", "The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has appointed the first female college commander in its history.", "An armed raid at a jewellers could be linked to one at another branch three months ago, police have said.", "Sam Robson and Paul Stirling scored centuries as reigning champions Middlesex dominated the opening day against Yorkshire at Lord's.", "Police are searching for two teenage boys after one of them shone a laser into a woman's eye in Clydebank, leaving her blind in one eye.", "A psychiatrist told a murder trial the death of a nine-year-old Lincoln boy was one of the most \"callous killings\" he had ever seen.", "Reading winger Jobi McAnuff says he hopes to end his playing career at the Championship club.", "Plans have been submitted to Highland Council for the new Inverness Justice Centre.", "Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the \"jury is still out\" on manager Russell Slade.", "High Street retailer Next has been hit with a \u00a322.4m tax bill after a court found it diverted profits made in the UK offshore to avoid paying tax.", "Elusive artist Banksy has landed a South Bank Sky Arts Award nomination for his Dismaland theme park.", "A Paralympian has said an MRI scan showing no sign of a tumour that had threatened to crush his spinal cord was better than winning a gold medal.", "English rider Guy Martin will not compete in the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod for the third year in a row.", "The price of carbon hit a record low in Europe on Monday as the over-supply of emissions permits during the global economic downturn continued to undermine the carbon market.", "Ghana has demanded a $500,000 (\u00a3350,000) refund after its transport ministry spent $1m to paint more than 100 buses with portraits of the country's recent leaders.", "Four people have been arrested in the Paris region and southern France, officials say, on suspicion of recruiting militants to fight in Syria.", "Tributes have been paid to a forensic archaeologist who led the searches for the Disappeared - people murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.", "The first application to explore for shale gas in the East Midlands has been submitted to a Nottinghamshire council.", "Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a publicity photo showed her with the Arabic word for \"Allah\" tattooed on her upper body.", "A turtle, thought to be from the Gulf of Mexico, that washed up on a Cumbrian beach has died.", "Dual-code international Joel Tomkins has returned to rugby league side Wigan Warriors after a three-year spell in rugby union with Saracens.", "Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith has signed a new deal to stay with the Championship side until 2022.", "Barrow want to retain Andy Cook but expect the striker to explore opportunities in the Football League, says manager Paul Cox.", "A giant panda in Hong Kong called Ying Ying is pregnant and due to give birth within a week, officials at an amusement park say.", "Two more people have died of injuries sustained in Friday's Bucharest nightclub fire, doctors say, raising the death toll in the disaster to 29.", "A woman has admitted killing her partner who was fatally stabbed after returning home from a day at the races.", "A girl left disabled after being starved of oxygen at birth has been awarded a multimillion-pound compensation package.", "Social services staff have been criticised after a boy spent two years living with a relative who was a convicted paedophile.", "Facebook \"tramples\" on European privacy law by tracking people without consent, Belgium's privacy watchdog has said.", "Downton Abbey will be coming back for a sixth series in 2015, ITV has confirmed.", "Prime Minister Theresa May has laughed off questions about whether Chancellor Philip Hammond would still be in place after the general election.", "Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's music business-based drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after one season.", "Childline received a call from children experiencing suicidal thoughts in Northern Ireland almost every day over the course of last year.", "Plans for a new \u00a33m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by the town's council.", "Olympic great Michael Phelps swam a third 2015 world-best time in as many days in the 200m individual medley at the USA National Championships.", "A man has been arrested after two men died when a car and lorry crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.", "Fans were locked out of Baltimore Orioles' game against Chicago White Sox following violent protests in the city.", "Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a four-vehicle crash on the A465 in Monmouthshire.", "Administrators have confirmed the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in Inverclyde to businessman Jim McColl's firm, Clyde Blowers Capital.", "An associate of convicted hate preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 28 months for knocking a boy unconscious because he was cuddling a girl.", "Prisons are struggling to cope with the increasing number of elderly, sick and disabled people behind bars, a Prison Reform Trust report says.", "A 34-year-old man has been charged after windows were smashed and a doctor was verbally abused at a west Belfast health centre.", "A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck Aceh province in Indonesia on Wednesday, killing at least 97 people.", "Armagh moved to within a point of top spot with a 3-15 to 0-11 victory over Louth side in Drogheda.", "A Parisian woman is taking the French state to court for failing to protect her health from the effects of air pollution.", "New Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron says he \"absolutely supports equality\" amid questions over his Christian faith and politics.", "The High Court in Dublin is to resume a case in which a privacy campaigner is trying to block Facebook from sending EU citizens' personal data to the US.", "Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.", "A number of emergency call outs to properties being fumigated with pest control \"smoke bombs\" has prompted a warning from Dorset Fire Service.", "Tens of thousands of trees have been brought down by storms that wreaked havoc across northern and western Poland, the forestry service says.", "Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at Station Park.", "One of four men wrongly accused of murdering a British soldier has said he is \"devastated, but not surprised\" to learn that interview notes relating to the case have gone missing.", "Record-breaking Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka has returned safely to Earth after spending 879 days in orbit.", "Romania's women won gold in the women's team epee to secure their country's first medal at Rio 2016.", "Diesel car owners could get some help from the government if cities adopt new charges to tackle pollution, the prime minister has suggested.", "Dundee manager Neil McCann wants to improve the club's scouting network after a difficult summer of trying to bring in players.", "Former Wales and British and Irish Lion John Faull has died aged 83.", "Tiger Woods admits he has concerns over the physical challenge of stepping up his return from long-term injury.", "A grandmother has described how the victim of a paramilitary-style shooting in west Belfast knocked on her door asking for help after the attack.", "A man alleged to have helped run the notorious Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.", "A hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near Chichester in West Sussex.", "Zambia coach Beston Chambeshi says his team is highly motivated for Wednesday's Fifa Under-20 World Cup tie against Germany.", "Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have held surprise talks on a \"strategic partnership treaty\".", "Police have cleared hundreds of Roma people from a slum-like camp built on a disused rail line in north Paris.", "A Hampshire pier and ferry service facing an uncertain future is a \"national treasure\" which should be saved, television historian Dan Snow has said.", "The family of a young musician killed in a car crash is aiming to fulfil his lifelong ambition to buy land and create an outdoor centre for children.", "A childhood friend of Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is developing a hospital garden in his honour.", "A video of leading Philippines presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte joking about a murdered Australian rape victim has provoked a storm of protest.", "Hundreds of photos of Bristol taken for a competition to show \"24 Hours in Our City\" are on show.", "Sales and profits slipped at Boeing last year, driven largely by lower deliveries of its military aircraft.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells retained his European men's lightweight pair title as he and San Scrimgeour took gold for Britain in Brandenburg.", "India's 19-Test unbeaten run was emphatically ended as Australia beat them by 333 runs in the first of a four-match series.", "Pilgrims Bay produced a late surge to win the BetBright Chase at Kempton Park.", "A study of Irish Traveller genetics has suggested that they split socially from the settled population much earlier than thought.", "The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been reopened after a landslide led to travel on the road being restricted to between 07:00 and 19:00.", "A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and woman at a Dundee flat.", "Gordon Benson claimed Great Britain's first European Games gold medal with victory in the men's triathlon in Baku, Azerbaijan.", "A further \u00a327m for the refurbishment of the Burrell Collection has been approved by Glasgow City Council.", "The restoration of natural bends to a river in Cumbria after 200 years has spawned benefits for breeding fish.", "France has charged Yemenia Airways with manslaughter over a 2009 crash off the Comoros Islands that killed 152 people, judicial sources say.", "Five-time world player of the year Marta Vieira da Silva has joined Orlando Pride in America's National Women's Soccer League.", "Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Laurent Frayssinous.", "Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin babies, Gabriella and Jacques, the palace has announced.", "Northern Ireland's Amy Foster safely progressed to the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games but Jason Smyth and Leon Reid bowed out of the men's sprint event.", "Three people were arrested amid violent scenes as groups demonstrating against immigration clashed with anti-racism protesters in Dover.", "Nigel Farage should take a break \"as leader\" of UKIP but not a break from being leader, the party's only MP says.", "The Wedgwood Museum collection has been bought from administrators after \u00a315.75m was raised to save it.", "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the main players in the Arab world.", "The number of children and young people needing counselling about online bullying has increased by 88% over five years, according to a helpline.", "Police are hunting for a man who raped a 14-year-old girl from Hertfordshire while holding her prisoner for nearly 12 hours overnight.", "Residents in a County Fermanagh village have expressed anger at the \"heartless act\" of a driver who killed five cygnets.", "A community group has agreed a deal to take over a former Powys pub following concerns it was going to be turned into a well-known supermarket.", "Syphilis and gonorrhoea sexually transmitted infections are continuing to rise in England, new figures show.", "Britain's Chris Froome remains third in the Vuelta a Espana after a late crash caused chaos on Wednesday's stage five.", "The national air traffic service (Nats) has said a \"massive\" programme of modernisation is needed to keep up with demand for air travel.", "Hewlett-Packard says it will cut another 25,000-30,000 jobs, or 10% of its workforce, as it plans to split the company in two.", "The length of time ambulance crews spend waiting to hand over patients at hospital accident and emergency units in Yorkshire has doubled in a year.", "Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.", "British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 73.", "A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.", "The British and German economies are the \"beating heart\" of Europe, George Osborne has said as he heads to Berlin for talks on reforming the EU.", "A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory.", "The Indian state of Tamil Nadu is to hire the country's first transgender police officer after a court cleared hurdles that faced one applicant."]}