{"document": ["Officers searched properties in the Waterfront Park and Colonsay View areas of the city on Wednesday . Detectives said three firearms , ammunition and a five-figure sum of money were recovered . A 26-year-old man was arrested and charged appeared at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday .", "Jordan Hill , Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper , all 18 , and Tanishia Covington , 24 , appeared in a Chicago court on Friday . The four have been charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery , among other things . An online fundraiser for victim has collected $ 51,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 42,500 ) so far . Denying the four suspects bail , Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil asked : \" Where was sense of decency ? \" Prosecutors told the court the beating started in a van and continued at a house , where the suspects allegedly forced the 18-year-old white victim , suffers from schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder , to drink toilet water and kiss the floor . Police allege the van was earlier stolen by Mr Hill , is also accused of demanding $ 300 from the victim 's mother while held captive , according to the Chicago Tribune . The court was also told the suspects stuffed a sock into mouth , taped mouth shut and bound hands with a belt . In a video made for Facebook Live was watched millions of times , the assailants can be heard making derogatory statements against white people and Donald Trump . The victim had been dropped off at a McDonalds to meet Mr Hill - was one of friends - on 31 December . was found by a police officer on Tuesday , 3 January , a day after was reported missing by parents . Prosecutors say the suspects each face two hate crimes counts , one because of the victim 's race and the other because of disabilities .", "The 48-year-old former Arsenal goalkeeper played for the Royals for four years . was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003 . A West Brom statement said : \" played a key role in the Championship club twice winning promotion to the Premier League in 2006 and 2012 . \"", "Relieved that the giant telecoms company would not be broken up , piled into the shares , sending up 3 % in early trading . BT dodged a bullet - and , as the chief executive of Ofcom , Sharon White , admitted , was for prosaic reasons . said complications with land deals and BT 's giant pension scheme meant were \" practical obstacles \" to a break-up would delay the process several years . 's the pension scheme probably most influenced Ofcom 's thinking . BT 's retirement scheme , inherited from time as a state-owned utility , has assets of about \u00c2 \u00a3 40bn and a deficit , on some measures , of about \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn , even though BT has poured in billions of pounds in recent years to redress the gap . Senior sources at the company say that about 80 % of the scheme relates to Openreach , the internet infrastructure provider that BT 's rivals would like to see spun off . Separating the pension as part of a break-up would be a costly headache - and is the small matter of a government guarantee on part of the scheme , something BT fought in the courts to preserve and won . Creating two new pension schemes , with the risk of weakening the financial resources of one or the other , might be too hot a political potato , even in the pursuit of faster broadband . BT 's share price reaction might turn out to be overdone . Ms White plans to enforce the separation by introducing not only a new board to run Openreach , but also new articles of association will give directors a duty to serve customers of the network as much as the company 's owners . This holds out an obvious prospect of conflicts to come , and runs counter to the normal assumption that in private companies , the shareholder is king . also carries an echo of the \" golden shares \" held by the government in Rolls-Royce and BAE Systems , two companies judged important for the defence of the realm . In each case , the golden share is actually enshrined by specific articles of association give directors and the government powers beyond those normally enjoyed by company boards . BT 's chief executive , Gavin Patterson , said thought could reach a compromise with Ofcom , but admitted would need to see the detail of the new articles . If prove too much at odds with BT 's own desire to control Openreach - will still own - get ready for a court battle and perhaps , eventually , a full break-up .", "\" 'm really looking forward to - the home of Scottish football ,\" said Rodgers ahead of maiden visit . \" hear the pitch is good , a nice big pitch suits the speed in team and intensity . \" The technical area goes right out to the end of the pitch , but might need a taxi to get back to staff . \" This will be Rodgers' second taste of the Old Firm derby and experience of the fixture got off to a great start with a 5-1 league victory at Celtic Park last month . \" was a brilliant performance by the players in every aspect ,\" recalled . \" Obviously this one is on a neutral ground , but 'll be looking to have a similar performance . \" 'll be prepared and focused . know 's going to be a tough game . anticipated that the last time . \" Rodgers is also aware Celtic 's visit to Hampden last season in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers ended in defeat . \" The last experience was n't so good for Celtic ,\" said . \" But 's a different team with a different mentality and 'll look to take that mentality into the game . \" Rodgers lost two semi-finals in time at Liverpool and is aiming to make third time lucky at the club joined in the summer . \" have to perform - that 's 's important and if get little bit of luck along the way then hopefully 'll get the result want. \" said the Northern Irishman . \" So , for , 's really looking at performance level , in the main has been at a really high level . \" focus is always on own team and , if impose style of play , can give a lot of problems to opponents . \" Unlike predecessor Ronny Deila , Rodgers would not be drawn on this semi-final being a step on the way to a potential domestic treble . \" 's very , very difficult to achieve ,\" said . \" 's been great managers here in the past have n't achieved that . \" But 's the first competition where 've a chance to win a trophy and 've always said that 's a priority for because 's the first one . \" idea was to qualify for the Champions League , did , to make a good start in the league , 've done , and then look to get to the League Cup final . \" Unless can do that then do n't have the chance to win the trophies . \"", "The move is in response to an \u00a3 8m cut in the subsidy received from the Department of Employment and Learning ( DEL ) . The cut in undergraduate places will come into effect from September 2015 . Job losses will be among both academic and non-academic staff and Queen 's says no compulsory redundancies should be required . are currently around 17,000 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students at the university , and around 3,800 staff . Queen 's has a current intake of around 4,500 undergraduates per year . The university aims to reduce the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years . The BBC understands that are no immediate plans to close departments or courses , but that the cuts in funding may put some departments and courses at risk . The Education Minister Stephen Farry said recognised that some students might now choose to study in other areas of the UK because of the cuts facing Northern Ireland 's universities . \" Some people will now be forced to look to opportunities in other parts of Great Britain and may not return to economy ,\" said . \" Defunding investment in skills , particularly at a time when 're trying to grow the economy does not make a lot of sense . 's happening is 're going backwards . \" The loss of any place is damaging to economy , all subjects teach young people critical skills . \" Queen 's vice-chancellor Patrick Johnston said the cuts had the potential to damage the reputation of the university . \" The potential negative impact , not just on the university but on the local economy is very significant ,\" said . \" 's the last thing want to do , but have to begin to focus on those areas where can grow the organisation and develop - 's clear can no longer depend on the public purse to fund tuition . \" If 're not competitive will not attract the best students , and will not attract the best staff . \" Just under \u00a3 100m , a third of the university 's income , comes from the Northern Ireland Executive . DEL 's budget was reduced by \u00a3 62m earlier this year , and budget for higher education institutions fell from \u00a3 203m to \u00a3 186m , a reduction of 8.2 % . Ulster University announced in February that was dropping 53 courses . will be cutting jobs and student places , but has not yet revealed how many .", "The leaflets said the patient had been referred for an urgent appointment as symptoms might indicate cancer . East Sussex NHS Trust has put the mix-up down to an external company distributes printed material . said the wrong patient information leaflets were added to hospital appointment letters sent out in March . has now contacted everyone affected to apologise and explain went wrong . Liz Fellows , assistant director of operations at the trust , said : \" was an administrative error and apologise for any unnecessary anxiety this error may have caused . \" East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust covers Hastings , Eastbourne and Rother , and is responsible for the Conquest Hospital and Eastbourne District Hospital . The trust said that due to the large number of appointment letters sends out uses an external printing company to print and distribute appointment letters . said each letter is coded to indicate any supplementary information needs to accompany . Ms Fellows said : \" Unfortunately , for a short period in March , the printing company inadvertently miscoded approximately 850 letters resulting in a ' two-week information leaflet ' being inserted with an appointment letter . \" As soon as the error became apparent was stopped immediately , and letters of apology sent out . \"", "The National League sold the Republic of Ireland midfielder to the Cherries for \u00a3 175,000 in 2012 and had a 15 % sell-on clause included in the deal . O'Kane moved for an undisclosed fee , but Nicholson says any money will go to help the cash-strapped club . \" do n't think 'll be getting anything ,\" Nicholson told BBC Devon . \" 's more important things . \" The Gulls are still looking for new owners having been taken over by a consortium of local business people last summer . were forced to close down the club 's academy and drastically reduce the playing budget after millionaire former owner Thea Bristow left the club .", "Iwan Wyn Lewis of Penygroes , Gwynedd , had been sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd after allegedly assaulting mother . The 36-year-old was visited by an officer in April 2016 about bail arrangements , a doctor said could have added to distress . body was found in the Menai Strait on 2 May . Mr Lewis was receiving treatment at the hospital 's Hergest unit and was later moved to the Cynan ward where received the visit from the officer . Speaking at the inquest in Caernarfon on Thursday , consultant psychiatrist Dr Olufemi Adebajo said was \" extremely unhappy \" about the visit . \" do n't think the police should be able to come to the ward without special permission ,\" said . Asked by coroner Nicola Jones whether the conversation with the officer could have added to Mr Lewis' agitation and distress , Dr Adebajo said : \" 's quite possible - even likely \" . said had known Mr Lewis for more than two years and never considered to be a suicide risk . The day before death , had asked staff for extra medication because said was feeling agitated , but did not change dosage because could see no sign of agitation . On the evening of 2 May , Mr Lewis told staff was going to the shop , but 45 minutes later body was found in the Menai Strait . The inquest continues .", "The 33-year-old has featured only twice for the Foxes this term , having signed a new one-year deal with the Premier League newcomers in the summer . Former Blackpool forward Taylor-Fletcher scored three goals in 23 games for parent club last season . joined the 13th-placed Owls prior to Saturday 's Championship game against Norwich City .", "The ska group tweeted the news : \" is with deep regret that say goodbye to great friend , the world 's greatest drummer , beloved Brad . RIP . \" Bradbury joined The Specials in 1979 , and continued with the reversioned band The Special AKA , had a top 10 hit with Free Nelson Mandela . Bradbury took part in The Specials reunion tour in 2009 . also headed up a band called JB Allstars . The band 's representatives said the drummer died in England but no cause of death was given . In a statement , family said : \" is with deepest regret that have to announce the very sad news that much loved husband and father John ' Brad ' Bradbury passed away on Monday the 28 of December . \" Brad 's drumming was the powerhouse behind The Specials and was seen as a key part to the Two Tone sound . was much respected in the world of drumming and style of reggae and ska was seen as genuinely ground-breaking when The Specials first hit the charts in 1979 . \" was an integral part of The Specials reforming in 2008 and toured with extensively up to the present day . contribution to the world of music can not be understated and will much missed by family , friends and fans alike . \" is the family 's sincerest wish that are allowed the time to remember privately . \" The news comes three months after the band 's trombonist , Rico Rodriguez , died . The band , famed for 1960s mod-style outfits , had seven UK top 10 singles including Too Much Too Young and Ghost Town . Founder and songwriter Jerry Dammers dissolved the band in 1981 but re-grouped and continue to perform and record without former leading man . Billy Bragg was one of the first musicans to pay tribute to Bradbury. : \" A bad day for good music . First lose Lemmy , now news Brad from the Specials has passed away . RIP . \" Bradbury was born and brought up in Coventry where the band was formed in 1977 . Music producer Pete Waterman , also from Coventry , expressed shock at the news of the Bradbury 's death . Speaking to BBC Coventry and Warwickshire , Waterman said : \" always had a good laugh with Brad . was always proud of being in the band and 'd and 'd achieved . \" never left Coventry because always wanted to be part of the scene ... was tremendous . \"", "The 14-time major champion , playing in first full PGA Tour event for almost 18 months , carded a level-par second round of 72 , but missed the cut by four shots after first-round 76 . World number one Jason Day and US Open champion Dustin Johnson also missed the cut at Torrey Pines in San Diego . Overnight leader Rose carded a one-under 71 to put on eight under . Canada 's Adam Hadwin and USA 's Brandt Snedeker are tied in second on seven under , while US PGA champion Jimmy Walker missed the cut as finished on three over . Woods is playing in just second tournament since 15 months out with a back injury . \" 's frustrating not being able to have a chance to win the tournament ,\" said the 41-year-old , won last major , the US Open , at the same course in 2008 . \" Overall today was a lot better than yesterday . hit better , putted well again . hit a lot of beautiful putts did n't go in , but hit much better today , was nice . \" Scotland 's Martin Laird and England 's Paul Casey are both on two under , while Ireland 's Shane Lowry is on level par .", "Media playback is not supported on this device \" If push , could go backwards or end up back on medication ,\" said . \" is also a chance of rejection . \" The former Manchester United , Newcastle and Blackburn forward suffered kidney failure in 2015 after contracting an airborne virus . has just returned to role as a United ambassador following surgery . The 45-year-old is not even allowed to fly to Barcelona for a Manchester United legends game on 30 June . Cole said : \" is a long road ahead . is a tough road and different to the battles have had before . \" is not like getting a football injury , when go to the gym and work a bit harder . \" 28-year-old nephew Alexander provided the donor kidney - \" a noble job \" as Cole described . Cole has improved physically and has lost most of the weight gained through illness . And while is still more work to do , Cole , will be United 's assistant manager for the return legends game against Barcelona at Old Trafford on 2 September , is looking forward to playing if a similar match is staged in 2018 . said : \" still get very tired but can do a lot more than was able to two years ago . If this game is played next year want to be out there . \" Earlier this week , another former Newcastle and England striker , Alan Shearer , told the BBC felt English clubs were a long way off being able to challenge for the Champions League . Cole agrees , saying : \" From have seen in Europe , am not sure any of the English teams will win . are miles apart . \" If look at Real Madrid , Barcelona or Bayern Munich , a lot of the players people are talking about Premier League clubs paying \u00a3 50m or \u00a3 60m for ca n't get in teams . \" That tells where are at . \"", "Pakistan 's telecoms regulator said the ban was no longer necessary because Google , owns YouTube , had now launched a Pakistan-specific version . YouTube has denied claims that the authorities can filter content . Many young Pakistanis have welcomed the lifting of the ban but some activists want details of the deal with Google . say should be greater transparency of the terms agreed between Google and the government . A Pakistan Telecommunication Authority ( PTA ) official confirmed to the BBC that all internet service providers had been directed to open access to YouTube . The Pakistan Telecommunication Company Ltd posted on Facebook page on Monday : \" Welcome Back YouTube \" . Pakistan 's ministry of information technology said : \" Google has provided an online web process through requests for blocking access of offending material can be made by the PTA to Google directly . \" Google / YouTube will accordingly restrict access to the said offending material for users within Pakistan . \" However , a YouTube spokeswoman said government requests for the removal of content would not automatically be granted . \" have clear community guidelines , and when videos violate those rules , remove ,\" said . \" In addition , where have launched YouTube locally and are notified that a video is illegal in that country , may restrict access to after a thorough review . \" said requests by governments for content to be removed would be recorded in YouTube 's Transparency Report . Pakistan 's ban on YouTube was imposed by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the US-made film Innocence of Muslims was uploaded . The amateur-made video was condemned in the Muslim world and sparked widespread protests for mocking portrayal of the Prophet Muhammad . More than a dozen people died in protests in Pakistan . Blasphemy is a crime in Pakistan and can carry the death penalty , although such a sentence has not been carried out . Google revealed last week that had launched local versions of YouTube for Nepal , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .", "The 26-year-old was injured in last week 's win over Exeter . Director of rugby Richard Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester : \" With eight weeks of the season to go that is probably the last will see of . \" Meanwhile , scrum-half Sam Harrison , 24 , has signed a new deal , but the length of the contract has not been revealed . Benjamin has been plagued by injuries since signing from Worcester in 2012 , suffering a serious neck injury delayed first-team debut by 15 months . also sustained a knee injury ruled out for four months last term . But Cockerill said : \" is certainly not too serious and will make a full recovery in the next eight to 10 weeks . \"", "The death toll doubled over the last two days as officials found more than 100 bodies once waters began receding . Officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people in the state . This years monsoon rains have affected millions across at least 20 states in India . The north-eastern state of Assam has also seen dozens killed and hundreds of thousands displaced . The government has announced aid packages for affected areas and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is due to visit Assam on Tuesday . has said the aim of visit is to find a \" permanent solution \" to the flooding Assam faces every year . The Press Trust of India news agency quoted an official as saying that many affected people in Gujarat had begun returning to villages .", "Two snowsports enthusiasts got married at a Scottish ski resort before sliding off down a run in wedding attire . Bridget and Jonathan Reid , from Moy , near Tomatin in the Highlands , tied the knot at Nevis Range , near Fort William , on Friday . The couple first 's date six years ago was a skiing trip , so decided would be appropriate to get married on skis . Adventure photographer Hamish Frost took wedding snaps . Bridget , is a teacher , and Jonathan , runs own electrical automation company , benefited from recent snowfalls for big day . got married in full Highland dress , includes a kilt , and white wedding dress surrounded by snow-covered mountain landscape . The white stuff had been lacking over winter , but last month 's Storm Doris and recent spells of colder weather have helped with the operation of Nevis Range and Scotland 's other outdoor ski centres . The newly weds said : \" Over the last couple of years have spent as many weekends as possible skiing the Back Corries at Nevis Range . \" love the atmosphere , the friendliness of the staff and the amazing terrain for skiing . When heard that could actually get married there was a no-brainer . \" The couple got married at the top of Easy Gully in a ceremony officiated by Halde Pottinger from the Humanist Society of Scotland . \" was totally up for marrying on skis and did an amazing job . is currently trying to establish whether or not are the first wedding actually conducted and vowed in skis - officiate and couple ,\" said the Reids . \" ca n't actually believe are but ca n't be many . also managed to twist the arm of adventure photographer Hamish Frost , came along to take photographs . \" The couple added : \" The day could not have been better . Without doubt was the best conditions of the year - with blue skies and fresh snow , could not have asked for more . \" thanked the staff of Nevis Range for \" a fabulous job making day possible \" , and for helping in throwing \" a hell of a good party \" in the evening .", "The fine follows the conviction of former RBS trader , Shirlina Tsang , for fraud last year . was sentenced to 50 months in prison after being caught falsifying records of emerging markets trades . Hong Kong regulators said RBS 's controls were \" seriously inadequate \" . The Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) also said were \" significant weaknesses in procedures , management systems and internal controls . \" But the regulator said the fine took into account the bank 's speedy action in alerting the authorities once had discovered the illegal trades , took place in emerging markets rates business in 2011 . \" This deserves substantial credit and is the reason why today 's sanctions are not heavier ones ,\" Mark Steward , the SFC 's head of enforcement , said in a statement . RBS responded with a statement , reading : \" put in place a comprehensive remediation programme strengthened governance and supervisory oversight , and control environment . \" The fine is relatively small compared to others the bank has received in the last few years . In December RBS agreed to pay 391m euros (\u00a3 320m ) in penalties to the European Commission for role in the attempted rigging of Yen Libor and Euribor - the Tokyo and euro equivalents of the London interbank offered rate , or Libor . In the same month was fined $ 100m (\u00a3 60m ) by US regulators for violations of US sanctions against Iran , Sudan , Burma , and Cuba . The bank was found to have removed location information on payments made to US financial institutions from countries such as Iran and Cuba .", "Mandla Hlatshwayo and friend were shot after confronting a group of men had robbed women of mobile phones in a pub in Soweto . The suspects were found in possession of drugs and an unlicensed gun . South Africa has one of the highest murder rates in the world with more than 50,000 cases reported every year . \" Police are questioning the suspects to see if can link to the shooting ,\" says the police 's Lungelo Dlamini . Tributes are still pouring in for the star was also a DJ on local radio station Jozi FM . Those knew the 40-year-old have described as a selfless man .", "Witnesses told officers heard a gun being fired near Anfield Road Primary School at about 09:00 GMT . Pupils and staff there and at the nearby All Saints Catholic Primary School have been ordered to stay indoors while police investigate . Ch Supt Mark Harrison said \" beggars belief \" would happen at a school . Members of the public told police the shot was fired at a dark coloured car by a white man in a grey hooded top was on foot . A Merseyside Police spokeswoman said local hospitals had been checked and \" no-one has sought medical attention for injuries caused by a firearm \" . said officers were making house-to-house inquiries and studying CCTV footage of the area . Ch Supt Harrison said the attack \" appears to be targeted \" and was particularly worrying as \" a child could have been seriously injured or worse \" . said police wanted to hear from those inside the car \" so know are safe \" . Anfield Road Primary School 's headteacher Clair Drew-Williams said pupils were \" safe and unaware of the incident \" . \" The site was not evacuated , the school day is continuing as normal and a trip for some pupils took place as planned ,\" said .", "The Olympic champion , 29 , was third overall at the end of a promising first day - traditionally strongest - with a score of 3,928 points . On Sunday leapt a respectable 6.16m in the long jump but threw a disappointing 42.60m in the javelin . With the 800m remaining , has 5,544 points , still on course for the 6,200 needed to qualify for the Rio Olympics . Ennis-Hill is competing in first heptathlon since winning gold at London 2012 . A top-12 finish and score of 6,075 points would also secure qualification for this summer 's World Championships . Canada 's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton leads ahead of the final event , remarkably achieving three personal bests on way to a 5,834 score . Follow latest updates and reports on the second day of the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting on the BBC Sport website on Sunday , 31 May .", "Only 90 will be returned to Stormont - compared to 108 from previous assembly polls . Out of the 228 candidates , 70 are women . The election will take place on 2 March . Once again the DUP is fielding the most candidates with 38 , followed by Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in on 34 . The Ulster Unionist Party has 24 candidates , while the SDLP and Alliance have 21 each . The Green Party is fielding 18 candidates , the TUV , 14 , the Conservatives 13 and People Before Profit seven . The Workers Party has five candidates in the race , the cross-community Labour Alternative four , the PUP and the Citizens Independent Social Thought Alliance three each and the UKIP one . are also 22 independent candidates in the field . West Tyrone , East Londonderry and East Antrim have the largest number of candidates standing , with 15 going on the ballot paper in each . The constituency with the fewest - nine - is Newry and Armagh .", "received that question from Drew is planning a trip to New York in December . asked : \" Should get cash now or should wait ? Will be much change between now and then ? \" Anthony Reuben , from BBC Reality Check , had this answer : \" The BBC does not give financial advice , but here are a few things to bear in mind ... \" The exchange rate between the pound and the dollar reflects the views of investors about the relative strengths of the two economies . \" Since the Brexit vote in June the pound has fallen about 18 % against the dollar on the judgment that growth is likely to be stronger in the US than the UK and that UK interest rates are falling while the next movement in US rates is expected to be upwards . \" But 's always possible that something could happen to change that view - is a presidential election in the US in November , for example . The outcome of that could make a considerable difference to the exchange rate . \" do not necessarily have to put all eggs in one basket - is also the option to hedge bets and buy half of dollars now and half of just before go , as long as are not going to be hit by extra charges for carrying out two transactions . \" is always worth shopping around when buying currency - avoid buying currency at the last minute at the airport . are plenty of comparison sites online will help get the most dollars possible for pounds , even if is fewer than would have got a few months ago . \" asked readers to send in questions about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100 . Anthony chose Drew 's question : \" 'm planning on going to New York in December , should get cash now or wait ? Will be much change between now and then ? \" Take a look at some of the other questions 've wanted to answer : Why does the NHS spend on homeopathy ? Could the UK take over existing EU trade deals ? Does fracking affect the water supply ? If are reading this page on the BBC News app , will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit question .", "More than 300 people entered Alternative Model of the Year with the winner being decided by judges in Newcastle on Saturday . Vintage-fan Zoe Waters , 19 , from Bishop Auckland , is a student at Newcastle University . Ms Waters said was shocked to be declared the winner . \" 've always dressed a bit crazy ,\" said . \" do n't know why wanted to be different , guess just always choose to wear like and look how want to look rather than worrying about 's in fashion . \" said now plans to pursue a career in modelling . \" 'm only 5ft 3in tall and never wanted to look normal so never thought could actually be a model , had n't realised how big the alternative modelling world is . \" Organiser Kieran Martin said : \" is a lot of prejudice and hatred for people from sub-cultures so wanted to create something would celebrate the different lives have , are proud of are achieving . \" The final was held at Northumbria University in Newcastle .", "The Yomper statue is currently located in front of the Royal Marines Museum at Eastney . The National Museum of the Royal Navy has started consulting over a proposed move to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard . Campaigners insist is a local memorial to the conflict and \" belongs \" at Eastney . The Yomper statue was created by Philip Jackson , depicting a royal marine marching across the islands during the 1982 conflict and was unveiled by former prime minister , Lady Thatcher , in 1992 . The National Museum of the Royal Navy ( NMRN ) is planning to relocate the Royal Marines Museum from Eastney to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 13m lottery funded project and wants to take the statue with . An online petition against moving the statue has attracted more than 1,800 signatories , saying was \" now considered as local Falklands War Memorial \" . Sheila Mackie set up said : \" The imposing scale of The Yomper needs space and adequate distance to be fully appreciated , and the visualization of the part in the major campaign the statue represents could n't be achieved in an interior space . \" Conservative-led Portsmouth City Council also voted to express a \" clear preference \" that the statue remain where is . motion stated : \" The Yomper statue has graced the seafront for many years , serving as a reminder of both the Falklands War and of the Marines' historical association with Eastney . \" NMRN director Jon Rawlinson said the new museum site would potentially have 750,000 visitors a year , compared to 40,000 at the current museum . \" would be seen by far more people at the historic dockyard , but of course was built for here [ Eastney ] and is part of here . \" said no decision had been made and would consider all comments submitted to public consultation .", "is believed to be the first alleged breach of the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures ( TPim ) . The suspect appeared at the Old Bailey accused of failing to contact a monitoring company and report to a police station twice in January . The Home Office has refused to comment on the case . TPims replaced control orders in January 2012 . The suspect - can only be referred to as BM - was one of nine British citizens subject to a TPim when the figures were last disclosed in March . The BBC is not aware of anyone else has appeared in court charged with a breach of a TPim . The Home Office said : \" do not comment on individual cases . The police investigate all breaches of TPims and will prosecute where that is viable . \" Those subject to a TPim can be ordered to stay overnight at a specified address and report to a police station every day . Other measures include a ban on contacting particular individuals , going to certain areas and places and travelling abroad . Labour has argued that TPims have \" weakened \" public protection against terrorism . In March , the independent reviewer of terror laws , David Anderson , said TPims could prove less effective than control orders because can be imposed for a maximum period of two years only . The court heard that BM is charged with two counts of breaching Section 23 of a TPim order . The allegations are that on 16 January failed to contact a monitoring company , and on 27 January failed to report to a police station . BM , has a grey beard and was dressed for the hearing in a white shirt , cannot be named nor have address published for legal reasons . The prosecutor Louise Gray asked for a provisional date of 2 July to be set for a plea and case management hearing . The defendant was granted unconditional bail although remains subject to the restrictions imposed by TPim . A trial date was not set .", "The 33-year-old takes over the role from Charlotte Burton , assisted last season alongside coaching commitments at Brighton College . Seamer Anyon took 199 wickets in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex between 2010 and 2014 and retired last year because of a knee injury . will also coach the women 's under-19 and under-21 sides . \" This is a great opportunity to continue working with Sussex ,\" said . \" The women 's game is fast-growing and am looking forward to bringing own experiences from professional cricket and using to help the girls . \" Alexia Walker , Sussex 's most-capped women 's player and coach of the under-17 side , will take on roles with the senior , under-21 and under-19 sides .", "The 23-year-old younger brother of Sunderland 's Wes Brown , had been on trial with the Shakers . Brown has also had spells at Bradford , Doncaster , Oldham , Coventry , Ipswich , Watford and Carlisle , making over 50 appearances in the Football League . is available for Bury 's League One season opener as travel to Doncaster on Saturday . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "About 47 % of working South Africans earn less than the wage , is being introduced to combat income poverty and inequality . But critics say could put more people out of work as employers might not be able to afford the higher wages . The government says will consult on the issue , but hopes to introduce a minimum wage within two years . Announcing the rate , was proposed by a panel of advisers , the country 's deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa said : \" are now a step closer to finalising discussions on the national minimum wage . All social partners will now decide take is . \" said the panel was not endorsing the proposed figure as a living wage , but wanted to set a minimum payment for workers . Wages are politically sensitive in the country , where the official unemployment rate is close to 25 % . One employment expert reckoned the figure was only about a quarter of the amount needed for the upkeep of a typical South African working-class household . Prof Chris Malikane of the University of Witwatersrand told a Johannesburg radio station : \" would need 12,000 rand to sustain a basic household . \" The African National Congress , South Africa 's ruling party , supported the proposal calling \" credible and clearly supported by clear evidence \" . However , the Economic Freedom Fighters , the country 's third largest political party , said the plan \" favours business at the expense of workers \" . called for a higher minimum wage of at least 4,500 rand . South Africa faces a possible downgrade to sub-investment grade by credit ratings agencies next month , with concerns remaining over violent wage strikes . Moody 's currently rates South Africa two notches above subinvestment grade , with a negative outlook , while Fitch and S & P Global Ratings have just a step above \" junk \" . However , Mr Ramaphosa said : \" have made tremendous progress on the labour instability issues ,\"", "Only 50.5 overs were possible at the MCG , but Australia still got wickets at regular intervals with Jackson Bird taking two for 53 . Azhar 's 110-ball half-century saw pass 1,000 Test runs in 2016 . Australia lead the three-Test series 1-0 , having beaten Pakistan by 39 runs in the opener at the Gabba . Sami Aslam was undone by Nathan Lyon after making just nine and , after Azhar and Babar Azam batted through the remainder of the morning , Azam edged the last ball before lunch from Josh Hazlewood to give Steve Smith second catch . Misbah-ul-Haq scored 11 off 13 balls with a four and a six before being brilliantly caught at short leg by Nic Maddinson off Bird . Bird bowled Younus Khan off an inside edge to end a third-wicket stand of 51 . The wicket came shortly before the scheduled tea break and the weather meant that interval came early and play never resumed .", "was the first time the Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) system had been used to select two members in the same ward in a by-election . The SNP topped the vote in the Leith Walk by-election , while Scottish Labour won the second seat from the Greens . The by-election was called after Deidre Brock of the SNP and Maggie Chapman of the Scottish Greens stood down . The SNP 's John Lewis Ritchie topped the Leith Walk poll with 2,290 votes . was elected at stage one in the STV process with a swing in first-preference votes of 7.6 % from Labour . Labour 's Marion Donaldson received 1,623 votes , ahead of Susan Jane Rae of the Scottish Greens on 1,381 . Ms Donaldson was elected at stage 10 of the voting process after other preferences had been considered . The by-election was called after Ms Brock stood down when was elected as the SNP MP for Edinburgh North and Leith in May . Ms Chapman , of the Scottish Greens , resigned from post to concentrate on standing for the Scottish Parliament in next May 's election . The turnout for the by-election was 25.1 % . The SNP also held the Midlothian West seat on Midlothian Council with a swing of 6.3 % from Labour . The party 's Kelly Parry secured 1,540 votes , ahead of Labour 's Ian Miller on 945 votes . The by-election was called after Owen Thompson was elected as SNP MP for the Midlothian constituency .", "Hooker Hughes , 20 , featured for Llandovery during the 2015-16 season while 19-year-old flanker Evans has played for Scarlets' Under-18 side . Both players have been included in Wales' squad for June 's Junior World Championship . Wales play Ireland , Georgia and New Zealand in Pool A in Manchester . \" both enjoyed a very successful Six Nations campaign and will take confidence into the forthcoming World Championships ,\" Scarlets general manager of rugby Jon Daniels said .", "Eleven people were killed when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into traffic on the A27 on 22 August . West Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth said the recovery operation was \" extremely challenging \" for crews . Sussex Police have also finished work at the scene , but investigations are continuing . Mr Ruth said the fire service had been \" truly humbled \" by the messages of support had received . \" The thoughts and prayers of everyone at West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service continue to be with the families and friends of those killed and injured in the Shoreham Air Show tragedy ,\" said . anticipated that Friday would be the last day crews worked at the scene and wanted to thank people for the \" over-whelming support have received \" . \" In 27 years of service have never experienced such an outpouring of gratitude and respect as have received on behalf of West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service over the last few weeks - from letters and emails , to words of thanks in the street , and from visitors at a number of local fire stations ,\" said . Det Chief Insp Carwyn Hughes , of Sussex Police , said : \" officers and staff have been meticulous and have worked hard over the past three weeks to find answers for the victims' families . \" have now finished work on the A27 , however investigation continues . \" On Thursday , the Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) said wanted to interview 51-year-old pilot Andy Hill as soon as possible . Reports that Mr Hill , a former RAF pilot from Sandon , near Buntingford in Hertfordshire , had left hospital have not been confirmed by police . An initial AAIB report said Mr Hill was thrown clear of the aircraft during the later part of the crash , but is not clear whether initiated ejection . After the crash , the pilot 's family issued a statement said were devastated and deeply saddened by the loss of life and sent prayers and heartfelt condolences to the families of all those affected . West Sussex County Council said the single closed westbound lane of the A27 was expected to be reopened to traffic next week but screens will stay up on the roadside indefinitely for reclamation work on the land to be completed .", "Spokesman Josh Earnest confirmed a private party was held on Saturday but said little else . The guest list of 500 was said to include lobbyists , CEOs and celebrities . The Rev Al Sharpton tweeted about a performance by Prince and Steve Wonder . The civil rights activist and TV host wrote was \" awesome \" to see both on the keyboards . Mr Earnest did say the Obamas' paid for the party on \" own dime \" , but would not say how much the party cost . The New York Post reported that film director Tyler Perry , actresses Angela Bassett and fashion designer Naeem Khan were among the celebrity guests .", "Causanagh Road , Loughgall Tannyoky Road , Poyntzpass Carrowreagh Road , Dundonald Edenticullo Road , Hillsborough New Line Road , Rathfriland Drumanure Road , Derrygonnelly", "The Alabama Securities Commission led the investigation , helps prevent financial fraud against the elderly . After an agent interviewed Lee , the commission 's head said was satisfied wanted a second book published . The new work - Go Set a Watchman - will be the 88-year-old American author 's first release since the 1960s . The surprise move prompted some suggestions Lee was manipulated into publishing the decades-old manuscript , was discovered by lawyer in the author 's possessions last year . \" closed the file . Let just say that was able to answer questions asked to satisfaction from point of view ,'' said Joseph Borg , Alabama Securities Commission director . The New York Times reported that the investigation was sparked by requests from a doctor that the state investigate whether Lee was capable to have consented to the release of the work . Lee was \" extremely hurt \" by allegations was manipulated , lawyer Tonja Carter said . To Kill a Mockingbird was published in July 1960 and has sold more than 40 million copies around the world . Go Set a Watchman was written before To Kill A Mockingbird , and features many of the same characters , with an adult Scout Finch returning to native Alabama from New York to visit father .", "Washington blamed Russia and the Syrian government for intensifying attacks against civilians . Last week , the US warned would halt the talks unless Moscow stops bombing the city of Aleppo . Russia said regretted the US move , accusing of shifting the blame for the collapse of last month 's truce . Aleppo , Syria 's largest city in the north , has come under heavy aerial bombardment since the end of the ceasefire two weeks ago . The main trauma hospital in the rebel-held eastern part of the city was hit in an air strike for the third time in a week , activists said on Monday . Hundreds of people , including children , have died since government forces launched an offensive to take full control of Aleppo after the week-long truce lapsed . Some 250,000 people are trapped in eastern Aleppo . In a statement , state department spokesman john Kirby said : \" The United States is suspending participation in bilateral channels with Russia were established to sustain the cessation of hostilities . \" Unfortunately , Russia failed to live up to own commitments ... and was also either unwilling or unable to ensure Syrian regime adherence to the arrangements to Moscow agreed . \" Rather , Russia and the Syrian regime have chosen to pursue a military course ,\" Mr Kirby said , admitting that \" this is not a decision was taken lightly \" . said Moscow and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's troops had been \" targeting of critical infrastructure such as hospitals , and preventing humanitarian aid from reaching civilians in need , including through the 19 September attack on a humanitarian aid convoy \" . Moscow strongly denies involvement of own or Syrian planes in the deadly aid convoy strike , and says the incident was caused by fire on the ground and not by an air strike . In response to the US suspension of the talks , Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said : \" regret this decision by Washington . \" \" Washington simply did not fulfil the key condition of the agreement to improve the humanitarian condition around Aleppo . \" After failing to fulfil the agreements that worked out , are trying to shift responsibility on to someone else ,\" Ms Zakharova said . also said that the US had failed to divide jihadist groups in Syria from the moderate opposition . Russia and the US were due to convene in Geneva to try to co-ordinate air strikes against jihadist groups , but American officials were told to return home . The US also said that would withdraw personnel \" had been dispatched in anticipation of the possible establishment of the Joint ( US-Russian ) Implementation Centre \" . However , the two sides would keep talking about counter-terrorism operations in Syria to avoid unnecessary clashes .", "The parishioners at St Paul 's , Shipley , posted the video on Facebook in February after a traditional advert failed to attract any applicants . was viewed more than 30,000 times and attracted media coverage across the UK . The new vicar , Henriette Howarth , will take up the post next week . The song , written by the children with the help of the church 's musical director Rachel Hesselwood , listed the qualities the new vicar needed . begins with the lines : \" If want this choice position have a cheery disposition . Make laugh , smile lots , play games , tell jokes . \" Other requirements included \" must be kind , must be fair . Bible stories will share . \" Boy or girl does n't matter - but must enjoy Harry Potter ! \" ends with a promise by the children to keep the church tidy and not to \" talk in sermons , 'll be good 'll see \" .", "The Belgium international , 24 , changed the game from the bench but fell awkwardly in injury time . agent Patrick de Koster initially said De Bruyne would miss six weeks . But , after seeing a specialist , the \u00a3 55m former Wolfsburg player said : \" 'll be out for around 10 weeks . \" De Bruyne could miss up to 13 league and cup games , including the League Cup final with Liverpool on 28 February , both legs of the Champions League last-16 tie with Dynamo Kiev and the Manchester derby on 20 March . The Belgian is City 's second top goalscorer with 12 this season , four behind striker Sergio Aguero . De Koster added : \" Kevin told the only thing can do is work hard and come back . Kevin is sad . dream is to always be playing football . \" De Bruyne scored one goal and set up another to help City to a 4-3 aggregate victory over the Toffees . Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles , repeatedly tried to lift up De Bruyne as lay injured , used social media to say sorry . \" would like to apologise to Kevin de Bruyne for reaction to injury ,\" said the 25-year-old Spaniard . \" In the heat of the moment did n't realise was badly hurt . wish all the best and a speedy recovery . \"", "The attacker , a 27-year-old Swiss man , also died on Sunday , said . Five other people were hurt when the man set fire to the train and stabbed passengers in the attack on Saturday . Two of , including a six-year-old child , are in a serious condition . Police have said that , as yet , is no indication of a political or terrorist motive for the attack . The attack occurred around 14:20 ( 12:20 GMT ) as the train was approaching Salez station , between the towns of Buchs and Sennwald . Several dozen passengers were on board at the time . In a statement ( in German ) , St Gallen cantonal police said video evidence from inside the train showed the attacker , armed with a knife , pouring out a flammable liquid . Six people - including the attacker - were injured . The seventh injured person was a man on the platform pulled the burning attacker off the train . Forensic experts are analysing the flammable liquid and the scene of the crime . Police said the attacker lived in a canton adjoining St Gallen . address has been searched . On the basis of the video evidence , police say the man acted alone .", "The Flybe passenger aircraft was flying at about 900ft ( 275m ) and was about 2 miles ( 3km ) from Cornwall Airport Newquay when happened on Tuesday afternoon , police said . Devon and Cornwall Police conducted a search of the area but have not found the drone or operator . Insp Dave Meredith called \" an incredibly concerning incident \" . Latest on the drone near miss , and other stories from Devon and Cornwall \" The close proximity of the drone to the passenger aircraft shows a complete disregard by the operator for public safety and are appealing to the public for information to help track down this reckless drone operator ,\" Insp Meredith said . A spokeswoman for Cornwall Airport Newquay confirmed a drone had flown within the air traffic zone adjacent to the final approach to the airport as the plane flew in from London Stansted carrying 62 passengers . \" Although on this occasion was no danger of collision , Air Traffic Control ( ATC ) reported this incident to the police as the drone should not have been flown in that area without ATC clearance and posed a potential danger to incoming flights ,\" said . A spokesperson for the UK Civil Aviation Authority said : \" Airspace proximity incidents , whether involving two aircraft , or a drone and an aircraft , need to be fully investigated to establish the level of risk involved . \" The UK Airprox Board , investigates airspace proximity incidents , said had not received any official report of the incident yet . Flybe said would \" work closely \" with all relevant authorities to help identify the perpetrators of any activity could jeopardise passenger safety . Operators of any small unmanned surveillance aircraft must not fly within 50m ( 164 ft ) of any vessel , vehicle or structure is not under the user 's control , unless have obtained permission from the Civil Aviation Authority , according to the Air Navigation Order 2009 . Figures have shown were more reported near misses between drones and aircraft over the UK in the first six months of 2016 than the whole of the previous year .", "The grey seal was found at Cruden Bay on Tuesday . The Scottish SPCA removed the seal from beach and took to the charity 's rescue centre where was cut free . Ch Insp John Carle said : \" The amount of netting tangled around the seal 's neck was the largest have ever seen . was a lovely moment watching the seal heading back into the water . \" added : \" was so large and heavy took three of officers to lift and take to centre in Drumoak where cut the net away . \" If had n't been discovered and freed the net would eventually have cut through skin could have resulted in septicaemia or other infections . \" Thankfully were no injuries in this case and were able to release relatively quickly . \" This was a very happy ending and 're so glad were able to help . \"", "The archive of travel writer , war hero and adventurer Sir Patrick Leigh Fermor has been catalogued by the National Library of Scotland . The collection includes letters from Prince Charles and Truman Capote . Sir Patrick , was known as Paddy , died in 2011 at the age of 96 . published several books on travels around the world and one of the most prized items in the archive is the only surviving notebook from 1933 trek across Europe . The trek provided the material for most famous books , ' A Time of Gifts ' , ' Between the Woods and the Water ' and ' The Broken Road ' . Thousands of items occupy 16 metres of shelving took a year to be catalogued by library staff . Along with letters from notable 20th century figures also uncovered literary manuscripts , sketches and appears to be an unpublished John Betjeman poem on the back of an envelope . Sir Patrick spent much of World War Two on Nazi-occupied Crete . During time there disguised as a shepherd to organise guerrilla operations against the Nazis . led one of the most daring feats of the war in 1944 , capturing the commander of the German garrison on Crete . The 1957 film starring Dirk Bogarde ' Ill Met by Moonlight ' was based on the operation . Graham Stewart , the library curator worked on the archive project , said : \" is a history of the colourful life of a celebrated writer . was undoubtedly a superstar of day and books have , if anything , grown in popularity over the years . \" has already been a lot of interest in the archive and expect this to increase now among Leigh Fermor fans and people interested in the 20th century more generally . \" The library is working on digitising some of the archive so can be viewed on website . are also considering holding exhibitions and displays of the collection so more people will be able to see . The archive was given to the library by the John R Murray Charitable Trust . John Murray was Sir Patrick 's publisher and the trust also supported the cataloguing of the collection .", "Mr Roache , is secretary of the union 's Yorkshire region , won 56.7 % of the vote , while the only other candidate , Paul McCarthy , from the North West region , had 43.3 % . The union is the third largest in the UK with more than 600,000 members . Current general secretary Paul Kenny announced in the summer was standing down after almost a decade in the job . Mr Roache has 35 years experience at the GMB and led the Leeds City Council 13-week refuse and street cleaning strike in 2009 - the longest in the union 's history . said was \" proud and humbled \" to have been elected . \" will repay GMB members' faith in by leading a 21st Century union fights for members , families and communities , every hour of every day . \" Mr Roache also paid tribute to Mr Kenny for work \" has made GMB the envy of the union movement \" . Details of the handover date have yet to be agreed . The GMB is one of the three largest affiliates to the Labour Party and is a significant financial contributor to the party locally and nationally .", "The club , is owned by fans via the Exeter City Supporters Trust , declared a total profit of \u00a3 1.642m for 2014-15 , mainly due to the sale of midfielder Matt Grimes to Swansea City . The deal in January 2015 for \u00a3 1.75m , was a record sale for the club . The profits came in the same year the club were forced to get an emergency loan to pay players' wages . In June 2014 cashflow problems meant the Professional Footballers' Association stepped in to pay the players and forced Exeter into a transfer embargo was only lifted in August of that year . The club 's accounts also show that Exeter had a surplus of shareholders' funds of \u00a3 761,000 , compared to a deficit of \u00a3 880,000 the previous year and reduced cost base by almost 5 % . Exeter are hoping to redevelop St James Park after being given planning permission last month . \" The board have agreed in broad terms how the income from the transfer should be spent to improve the infrastructure strength of the club in line with vision and underlying model and these plans are now being developed in detail for further presentation ,\" said a club statement .", "The United Arab Emirates thrower was training at Newham Leisure Centre for the World Para-athletics Championships in London . Majid Rashed , vice president of the UAE International Paralympic Committee , confirmed \" the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete 's head \" . Hayayei , 36 , was pronounced dead at the scene at 17:20 BST on Tuesday . The Health and Safety Executive and police are investigating the incident , was witnessed by some of Hayayei 's team-mates and UAE staff . \" can say the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete 's head - but how that happened , can not say ,\" Rashed said on Wednesday . Media playback is not supported on this device The IPC said two of the athlete 's personal coaches were present but were not involved . Hayayei , a father of five , was preparing to compete in the F34 class at the Championships . \" was ambitious , wanted to win medals for country and for family . had a lot of dreams within the para-sports movement , \" Rashed said , adding that the UAE team will still compete in London . \" The athletes were very close to Abdullah , trained in the same centre in the UAE . 's really very difficult for all of but promised that are going to continue and are going to win something for Abdullah , bringing the best performance from the athletes . \" are working with the athletes to get in a better situation , obviously today will be better than yesterday , tomorrow believe will be even better for . \" The Metropolitan Police said emergency services \" were called shortly after 17:00hrs on Tuesday ... to reports of a seriously injured man at Newham Leisure Centre \" . added : \" At this early stage , is believed the man was struck by a metal pole formed part of training facilities at the centre . \" IPC president Sir Philip Craven said : \" are all truly devastated by this tragic news and the passing of Abdullah . \" Hayayei made Paralympic debut at Rio 2016 , finishing sixth in the javelin F34 and seventh in shot put F34 . London 2017 , starts on Friday , was to be Hayayei 's second World Championships . At the 2015 event in Doha , Qatar , finished fifth in the discus F34 and eighth in shot put F34 . was set to compete in the shot put , discus and javelin F34 events . A moment of silence will be held in honour of Hayayei during Friday 's opening ceremony at London Stadium .", "The end of last year saw growth across several sectors of the economy , but are concerns about rising prices , skill shortages and falling sales . Manufacturers reported highest growth in new orders for nearly three years , with export demand still strong . In retail , was also a return to optimism - though only just , and despite profitability being squeezed . In tourism , firms reported improving visitor numbers in the final quarter of the year , but falling sales revenues . Responses to the survey , carried out for the Chambers of Commerce by Strathclyde University economists at the Fraser of Allander Institute , were more positive than the economic figures published on Wednesday . The Labour Force Survey and the Gross Domestic Product figures showed weakness in the Scottish economy , while covering an earlier part of 2016 than the Chambers' survey . While the GDP assessment from the Scottish government has seen a sharp contraction in the past year , the Chambers found a more positive picture , with growth in private commercial contracts . However , are warning signals survey , with tourism companies having difficulties in finding skilled recruits . Retail firms flagged up rising prices . Construction is expecting an investment dip . The weakest of the five sectors covered was finance and business services . More firms in that large part of the economy saw employment fall than saw rise . But on balance , firms say sales revenue is expected to increase . Neil Amner , chairman of the Scottish Chambers of Commerce economic advisory group , said : \" latest economic data shows that many Scottish businesses will have a successful 2017 , with business optimism remaining positive for many sectors . \" This is good news for the economy , particularly as continue to deal with international uncertainty and domestic issues including a rating revaluation and a potential divergence of Income Tax between Scotland and the rest of the UK . \" The overall business mood remains positive but firms expect business growth to be challenged by rising prices , tightening of cash flow and profitability , higher import costs impacted by exchange rates and a likely increase of inflation as the year goes on . \" On the converse side , exporters are continuing to report a healthy growth in trade , though perhaps not quite matching up to initial expectations . \" Optimism could hardly be more finely balanced and anything rocks the boat could change the glass from half full to half empty . \" Business success in 2017 will largely depend upon the ability of firms to manage costs and for consumer demand to remain strong in the face of pressures to real incomes . \"", "Wellington monument on the Blackdown Hills , in Somerset , was built in 1817 but since 2005 has been fenced off because of falling stone debris . The National Trust is using ground-penetrating radar on the 174ft ( 53m ) tower to see under stone cladding . Ken Evans , from the trust , said the work was \" crucial \" . Built on one of the highest points of the Blackdown Hills , the landmark was put up as a tribute to the Duke of Wellington 's military achievements at the Battle of Waterloo . But according to the trust , has been struck by lightning twice in history and renovating the very tall landmark every 10 to 15 years has been \" expensive and unsustainable \" . Mr Evans , the trust 's building surveyor , said the radar study was one of several being carried out to \" understand this unique and somewhat complex monument \" . \" have been using wind and movement sensors have already surprised by showing that does n't flex in the wind quite as much as expected ,\" said . \" The ground-penetrating radar seeks to identify voids and gaps in the stonework under the surface but should also tell more about the materials were used to build the obelisk . \" Data from the detailed survey will also be used to build a computer model of the obelisk and help with a \" more effective repair approach \" .", "The world 's biggest clothing retailer posted net earnings of \u20ac 1.26bn (\u00a3 1.1bn ) in the six months to 31 July - up 8 % on the same period last year . Sales jumped from \u20ac 9.4bn to \u20ac 10.5bn , an increase of 11 % . The group 's clothes can now be bought online in around 40 countries , said . Inditex operates eight brands in 90 countries including Pull & Bear , Massimo Dutti and Bershka . How Zara 's founder became the richest man in the world - for two days Chairman and chief executive Pablo Isla emphasised the firm 's investment in technology , saying the firm had expanded online stores to 11 new countries in the period . also launched mobile phone payment in all Spanish stores , with the objective of \" extending the service to other countries \" . This will encompass online apps for all of brands and a specific app for the whole group called InWallet . Mr Isla said : \" Both online and bricks-and-mortar stores are seamlessly connected , driven by platforms such as mobile payment , and other technological initiatives that will continue to develop . \" Tom Gadsby , an analyst at Liberum , said the firm 's \" online drive \" was important . \" expect over the years may find do n't have to open as many stores to maintain strong growth rate as the online channel will become increasingly important ,\" said . \" And while Zara is available in many of the territories in operate [ online ] , most of other brands are n't readily available outside Europe online . \" So is a big opportunity there for to expand online into new territories . \" The company also said had benefited from steady economic growth in Spain , where Inditex gets about a fifth of sales . That country 's clothing market grew at an average of 3 % in the three-months to the end of July , according to the Spanish statistics agency . All of the group 's brands increased international presence during the period , with 83 new stores opened in 38 countries . In a call with analysts , said would open 6-8 % of new store space over course of the year . The firm 's strong performance sets apart from European rivals H & M and Next , have blamed unseasonal weather for below-forecast results this year .", "comes as a documentary , The Betrayed Girls is being shown on BBC One about nine Asian men jailed for grooming teenage girls in the town in 2012 . Laura , was abused by the gang from the age of 13 until was 17 , said the targeting of girls by Asian men was still going on in Greater Manchester . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said was \" committed \" to tackling abusers . Laura , identity is protected as a victim of a sex crime , told BBC Two 's Victoria Derbyshire show said was walking in Oldham town centre through an Asian community a couple of months ago . \" was still getting cars pulling over to asking if wanted to go for a drink ,\" said Laura . \" 's not bothering . do n't actually think understand that are doing something wrong . \" Nazir Afzal the north west 's former chief crown prosecutor brought the case against the Rochdale gang said five years on some victims nationally are still not being listened to . Mr Afzal overturned a decision not to charge nine men ran the child sex exploitation ring . said have been \" significant rises \" in investigations and prosecutions into the crime and victims were more confident in reporting abuse and are getting better support . However , said : \" Victim support groups nationally are still telling victims are not being consistently listened to and told the case is too difficult to bring [ to court ].\" also said some victims of historical child sex exploitation were being told that police were focusing on current cases , too . Mr Afzal said agencies must be more proactive and more \" collaborative working \" was needed between the police , councils and other agencies and voluntary groups . GMP said was \" vital \" learnt the lessons from the past and was \" absolutely committed \" to working with partners across Greater Manchester to tackle the sexual exploitation of children and young people . \" have been working tirelessly for many years to prevent this abhorrent crime from happening and provide support to victims and families . \" Rochdale Council said public services \" collectively failed \" the victims but lessons have \" been learnt from \" . Steve Rumbelow , chief executive of Rochdale Borough Council , said : \" Since 2012 the council and partners have worked to make the changes needed , to increase knowledge , prevent harm , challenge those wish to exploit children and better support victims and survivors . \" The documentary features testimonies from victims for the first time follows a BBC One drama Three Girls . Source : Greater Manchester Police", "Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock in the Victoria Centre store at about 22:40 BST on Tuesday . Managers had hoped for a weekend reopening but is now closed \" until further notice \" . Staff have been helping with the clean-up operation . Water poured through from a rooftop room , leaving the top floor under three inches of water and stock \" significantly \" damaged . A spokeswoman said : \" teams are working around the clock to get the shop open as quickly as possible and 're sorry for the inconvenience this has caused to customers . \"", "Attendances have fallen in recent years since the Premiership side moved from Edgeley Park in Stockport to AJ Bell Stadium in Barton in 2012 . Sale have moved home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season . \" think is some rebuilding to do because think people in the early days of moving have had a pretty poor experience ,\" Cotton told BBC Sport . \" That could be queuing up on a motorway , could n't get away from the stadium , could n't buy a drink at the ground . Listening to the things 're going to do to change that , if people come down from now will find a very different experience . \" The infrastructure is still well away from where needs to be but are plans to develop that . \" Cotton , 69 , a former England and British and Irish Lions prop returned to Sale - a club served as both a player and director - after Simon Orange 's takeover of the Premiership side in June . has promised to be active in role , despite commitments with clothing business . \" really want to see is a very strong north of England club can compete at the highest level ,\" added . \" That is motivation for giving up the precious thing have got , and that is time . \" think was lacking before was that the board were n't very often represented at games home and away , and think that is very wrong - board members will travel to away games and home games . \" One of the standout announcements from Sale 's new 10-man board was that director of rugby Steve Diamond will have a seat on . However , Cotton insists will be no conflict of interest with a member of the coaching staff also working as a director . \" will put no strain whatsoever on the relationship , 're here to support ,\" Cotton continued . \" 'll be working very closely with Diamond to make sure can achieve the ambition all hold - if went down 'd still be with . \" Diamond also confirmed are close to signing a new full-back and are still looking for another player to add to backline , with former Bath and London Welsh winger Nick Scott on trial with the club .", "The film about a princess 's mythical journey in ancient Polynesia took an estimated $ 81.1m (\u00a3 65.3m ) on debut . That makes the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time , behind Disney 's Frozen , took $ 93.6m (\u00a3 75.3m ) on release in 2013 . Some observers have said that Moana and merchandise are appropriating Pacific Island culture . Disney withdrew a children 's costume promoting the film after activists branded \" brownface \" , or mocking of culture by stereotyping . The costume , a full-body suit with brown skin , traditional tattoos , grass skirt and bone necklace , represented the character Maui , considered a demi-god and ancestor by many Polynesians . Disney said regretted any offence . JK Rowling 's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find fell to second on the US chart , taking $ 65.8m (\u00a3 53m ) . Gossip surrounding Brad Pitt 's marriage break-up failed to spark a huge amount of interest in World War Two romance Allied , also stars Marion Cotillard . took $ 18m (\u00a3 14.4m ) over the long weekend , having cost $ 85m (\u00a3 68.5m ) to make , landing in fourth spot behind Doctor Strange . Kyle Davies , Paramount 's head of domestic distribution , said the film appealed to \" older audiences \" but noted those \" do n't storm the theatres [ on ] weekend one \" . \" think 're going to take time ,\" added . Warren Beatty fared worse - first film in 15 years , the 1950s Hollywood comedy Rules Do n't Apply , took just $ 2.2m (\u00a3 1.7m ) . The film is Beatty 's first directed feature since 1998 's Bulworth . Bad Santa 2 , released 13 years after the original and again starring Billy Bob Thornton , did a little better , taking $ 9m (\u00a3 7.3m ) . Follow on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The third seed , received a bye in the first round , beat the American wildcard 6-3 6-1 in just over an hour . Konta , the world number 18 , hit 11 aces on way to a comfortable victory . The 25-year-old will play China 's Saisai Zheng , beat Alize Cornet in second-round match , in the last eight on Friday .", "happened on the Linn Road in the town at about 14:05 BST on Sunday . The two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for injuries . Police have appealed for anyone with information about the attack to contact .", "Bingham , won the World Championship in 2015 , reached the semi-finals of the 2016 event before being knocked out by eventual winner Ronnie O'Sullivan . The 39-year-old told BBC Essex would play in this year 's tournament if wife gives birth before first-round game against Joe Perry on Monday . \" The only question 'd ask is if actually went on the day ,\" said . \" Obviously could happen and even now still have n't got an answer to that question . 'd have to talk over with wife and see where go . \" Bingham , the current world number two , said wife has been supportive in wanting to play at the tournament , gets under way on Sunday . continued : \" 's had two previous babies and 's been in labour for 10 hours , so obviously if that 's the case then 've got a bit of time to ' pot some balls and hurry up ' sort of thing . \" As say , need to talk the next day or two because thought 'd be out by now . \" But being the stubborn Little Miss Bingham 's going to be , think 's a bit too comfortable in missus' belly . \"", "The cabinet considered an urgent report on Tuesday and voted to remove the section from the pavilion to the seaward end . The report said because of the risk of further collapse , the council could not wait for consent to begin work , as is usually the case for a listed building . Work on the \" dangerous \" structure is expected to take about three weeks . Parts of the Grade ll pier , was already closed to the public when gave way on 1 February , will be saved , catalogued and stored . Iwan Davies , chief executive of the council , told the meeting : \" The dangerous nature of the structure means dismantling is dangerous . \" Up to \u00c2 \u00a3 650,000 has been set aside for the work but councillors were told was no way of knowing how much would cost .", "The \u00c2 \u00a3 21.5m Castle Mill development at Port Meadow , by the River Thames , has been widely criticised as ugly and spoiling the view of Oxford 's skyline . The Campaign to Protect Rural England ( CPRE ) will put case to a High Court judge on 23 October . The five-storey university blocks provide 439 accommodation units . The flats overlook a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Scheduled Ancient Monument . CPRE is seeking the judicial review on the basis of Oxford City Council not carrying out an environmental impact assessment . The council has said the challenge was late as the housing had already been built , and believed the group 's claims were unfounded . Helen Marshall , director of CPRE Oxfordshire , said the West Area Planning Committee \" should under no circumstances be rushed into making further poor decisions \" . \" are not yet convinced that the planning condition on contamination has been met ,\" added . \" And the mitigation proposals currently suggested by the university are woefully inadequate to counteract the devastating impact of the buildings on Port Meadow and Oxford 's historic skyline . \" A few trees growing to approximately half the height of the buildings in 15 years' time will not meet the brief of ' hiding the buildings in summer and softening impact in winter ' \" Key issues such as the height of the buildings and light pollution still need to be addressed . \" A University of Oxford spokesman said had \" thought carefully \" about how best to mitigate the impact of the buildings . \" Some measures have already been put in place , and discussions with the city council and others are ongoing about more can do ,\" added . \" The University will be making representations at the interim hearing in October on the procedural issues raised by the challenge . \" In the meantime , intend to finish and occupy the buildings by the start of the next academic year in October as planned . \" The city council said last month was carrying out an independent review into the case . An online petition against the development on Roger Dudman Way has attracted more than 3,000 signatures .", "On Thursday , a human skull was found alongside the M54 slip road by workers doing a survey of the junction four roundabout , near Telford . Police confirmed the skull was that of an adult male and had been there for at least two years . West Mercia Police said \" further skeletal remains \" were found close to the skull . The eastbound entry slip road remains partially closed . Det Chief Insp Neil Jamieson said : \" are in the very early stages of this investigation and inquiries are ongoing . \" said further forensic examinations and excavations were being carried out and police had been in contact with neighbouring forces asking for information about people had been reported missing . Archaeological experts may be called in to help with the investigation . \" This will be a lengthy process but will continue to update the public in due course ,\" added .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Dusmatov , 23 , was awarded a unanimous points victory - two judges scoring the fight 30-27 , and one 29-28 . Martinez , 24 , is the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia . The United States' Nico Hernandez , 20 , and 19-year-old Cuban world champion Joahnys Argilagos took bronze after losing in the semi-finals . Find out how to get into boxing with special guide . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "The University and College Union says the 1.1 % rise offered by the universities is \" an insult \" . But the Universities and Colleges Employers Association said the walkout was \" disappointing given the very good pay offer \" . Unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer , with strike action possible in the autumn . UCU says members have suffered a real-terms pay cut of 14. % since 2009 and complains the squeeze on staff salaries has come as university leaders enjoyed hefty increases . \" A 1.1 % pay offer is an insult to hardworking staff , especially in light of the 5 % pay rise vice-chancellors have enjoyed while holding down staff pay ,\" said general secretary Sally Hunt . \" Industrial action impacts on students is never taken lightly , but members feel that have been left with no alternative . \" If the employers wish to see a swift end to this dispute , and avoid further disruption , need to come back to the table with a much-improved offer . \" Summer exams are still running at some universities , though many have finished . A spokesman for the employers anticipated only \" minor impact and minimal student disruption \" . \" Even for examinations are still taking place at some higher education institutions , more than nine out of 10 report that a no to low impact is anticipated ,\" said the spokesman . \" would like to see the UCU consulting members on the final offer . \" The employers say the offer is \" at , and , for some , beyond , a limit of affordability for higher education institutions and the very best offer will be available this year \" . maintain the weighting of the offer means the worst paid university staff will get a rise of more than 5 % . say have also offered talks on zero-hours contracts and on improving lower pay for female academics . But UCU says rejected the 1.1 % offer as was only a marginal improvement on the original 1 % on had balloted members . Ballots of university support staff represented by Unison and Unite are also under way on the improved offer , with both unions recommending be rejected . Any action would take place during the autumn term , said a Unison spokeswoman . UCU is planning strike rallies in : Staff are also working to contract from Wednesday - refusing to set extra work , cover for absent colleagues or work overtime .", "The man known as Kazu , or ' King Kazu ' by some fans , will stay with the second division side past 49th birthday . Kazuyoshi first played for Brazilian side Santos in 1986 , so deal will see career span over 30 years . \" 'm thankful to the club staff and supporters always offer support ,\" said Miura , scored 55 goals in 89 appearances for Japan . \" 'll continue to give everything have and strive ,\" added the former Genoa and Dinamo Zagreb striker . Perhaps unsurprisingly , Miura holds the record as the oldest scorer in Japanese football - a winner in a second division match four months after 48th birthday . was particularly prolific in guiding Japan to the 1998 World Cup , scoring 14 goals in qualifying , and last played for the national side in 2000 . career , started when moved to Brazil to play youth football aged 15 , is one of the longest in football history . Last week ex-England striker Teddy Sheringham registered as a player for Stevenage - where is manager - at the age of 49 but opted out of playing in a local cup competition .", "The security forces are reported to have used tear gas against stone-throwing protesters . also surrounded the hometown of Burhan Wani , 22 , was killed fighting Indian troops last year . Separately seven people are reported to have been killed in shelling across the Line of Control divides Indian and Pakistani-administered Kashmir . Officials on the Pakistani side told Reuters that five people died in Indian shelling , while Indian officials say two people were killed by Pakistani fire . has been an armed revolt in the Muslim-majority region against rule by India since 1989 , although violence has waned in recent years . The disputed region is claimed by both India and Pakistan in entirety . India blames Pakistan for fuelling the unrest , a claim denied by Islamabad . Burhan Wani is credited with reviving the image of militancy in Muslim-majority Indian-administered Kashmir , becoming a figurehead for young people . Saturday 's violence started as people tried to walk to home in Tral - where died in a shootout with the army last July . death led to a wave of protests during dozens of people were killed . The Indian authorities imposed heavy restrictions in the Kashmir valley for the anniversary , stopping internet access and sealing off Tral . have also been reports of army personnel being injured in a militant attack overnight on Friday .", "The 33-year-old , is the younger brother of Harlequins number eight Nick , joined Sale in 2011 after six years at Northampton . Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final at Saints after joining from Nottingham . \" 've enjoyed time at Sale , did n't really want to go anywhere else ,\" said the back-row forward . \" was the right time to leave on own terms , not many people do . \" 've had the chance for these last few games just to enjoy and savour and 've been really lucky . \" will now take up teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire after the final game of the season at Newcastle on Saturday . \" The last few years , 've been tailoring career towards teaching , so taking a few courses , getting into schools , teaching and coaching ,\" added . \" The opportunity just came up at the right time . felt like the right time for and family . \"", "Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital , Denbighshire , was closed more than three years ago and a report found some patients were treated like animals . has emerged that at least seven patients' families were told treatment may have contributed to deaths . Betsi Cadwaladr health board said an investigation was under way . acknowledged the quality of care provided could have been a contributory factor to the deaths of some patients . A review of mortality rates on the ward has never been published although is understood has been completed . Relatives of one patient told BBC Wales Today were told medical care on the ward was inadequate . Correspondence seen by the programme included an apology from the health board to the family , do not want to be identified . One letter said : \" Experts found that were problems in the health care may have contributed to the death . \" added that \" the board is very much engaged in a thorough search for the truth about the Tawel Fan ward \" . But the family were unconvinced lessons had been learned and said questions remained unanswered and , as far as were aware , nobody had lost job , let alone be prosecuted . The scandal of Tawel Fan pushed the already troubled health board into close supervision by the Welsh Government . remains in special measures costs \u00c2 \u00a3 5m a year . An initial report into happened at Tawel Fan was published almost three years ago . Two more reports are due later this year . One of , being compiled by the Health and Social Care Advisory Service ( Hascas ) , is expected to include details of a mortality review of Tawel Fan patients . But Geoff Ryall-Harvey , leads the patient watchdog Community Health Council in north Wales , said should be released as soon as possible . \" may stop this practice elsewhere ,\" added . A Betsi Cadwaladr health board spokesman said : \" acknowledge that the quality of care provided could have been a contributory factor to the death of some patients . \" Whether this is the case will be established as part of the independent Hascas investigation , is currently being carried out . \" In order to establish whether or not the quality of care contributed to any patients' death , every aspect of every patient 's care has to be investigated . \" This is a complicated and time consuming process , but must be carried out in order to determine whether or not the care provided was a contributory factor to any patients' death . \" Every family involved in the investigation will receive an individual report detailing the care provided to relative . These reports will also help inform the findings of the Tawel Fan investigation . \"", "Declan Paul Butcher from Roe Park Court committed the ' single punch ' assaults on Market Street in Limavady on 2 October 2014 . CCTV footage showed first victim being knocked unconscious . A second man suffered a double jaw fracture . Butcher appeared at Londonderry Crown Court on Thursday . was sentenced to 14 months in prison . The court heard that the defendant had 51 previous convictions including eight assaults . had also been assessed as presenting a high likelihood of reoffending . The judge told Butcher had inflicted \" gratuitous violence \" on two \" completely innocent \" members of the public . The second man was punched and knocked out when came across the first victim lying unconscious on Market Street . Both men later regained consciousness in hospital .", "\" Hope made a poor decision has resulted in a negative impact on US Soccer and team-mates ,\" head coach Jill Ellis said . Solo , 33 , will now miss matches on 8 February against France and 13 February against England . This month , domestic violence charges against Solo were dropped . In 2012 , Solo , tested positive for a banned substance a month before winning a second Olympic gold medal . maintained was not aware the pre-menstrual medication had been prescribed contained a banned substance and was cleared of any wrongdoing . The US are preparing for the Women 's World Cup in Canada in June when will aim to win third title following victories in 1991 and 1999 . The latest incident surrounding Solo concerns a training camp being held by the team in Carson , California . Solo 's husband , former Seattle Seahawks NFL player Jerramy Stevens , was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in Los Angeles in the early hours of Monday morning . Media reports claimed Solo was in the car but was not cited in the incident by Manhattan Beach police officials . Solo tweeted : \" think 's best for to take a break , decompress from the stress of the last several months and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute to the team . \"", "Omar Khan , 31 , had worked at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years before was arrested . Erlin Manahasa , Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali joined Khan in admitting the same charge , between 1 October and 4 December last year , at Nottingham Crown Court . are due to be sentenced on 15 April . Updates on this story and more from Nottinghamshire The court heard the case involved the recovery of 1kg ( 2.2lb ) of cocaine . Digby Johnson , a partner at the Johnson firm , confirmed did not represent Khan - had set up own office and was set to leave the company . \" still find hard to believe could do something as stupid as involve in drugs and people were heavily involved in drugs ,\" Mr Johnson said . \" 'm just at a loss . do question everything 've ever believed about anybody . \" Mr Johnson also described Khan , of William Street , Huddersfield , as a \" lovely guy \" was \" incredibly hard-working \" . \" would put in hour after hour ,\" added . \" was keen to progress and impress . \" Khan appeared at the court via video link to admit conspiracy to supply the Class A drug . Manahasa , of no fixed address , Dibra , of Joyce Avenue , Nottingham , and Ali , of Chard Street , Nottingham , were remanded in custody following the hearing .", "UKSE is the Tata Steel subsidiary set up to assist growing companies in traditional steel areas . ID Systems works in the industrial and commercial utilities sector from offices in Grangemouth and Glasgow . clients include Scottish Water , Forestry Commission and National Grid . The company , already employs 80 staff , is looking to create the new jobs in the Glasgow and Lanarkshire areas as part of an expansion drive. . The move comes after ID Systems secured a number of long-term projects , including off-site manufacturing of wastewater pumping stations and water booster sets . The loan and equity backing from UKSE will help fund ID System 's growth strategy . A new senior management team will be created , along with UKSE , will have a shareholding in the company . ID Systems finance director Stuart Devine said : \" had a tremendous opportunity to more than double the workforce with the recent contract win and this funding from UKSE will allow to make that happen as smoothly as possible . \" UKSE regional executive Scott Webb said : \" This long-standing , growing business will now have the structure to continue expansion along with the necessary funding from UKSE to allow this to happen . \"", "The 70-year-old Time Team presenter joined anti-tunnel campaigners to fight the plans , saying placed the area 's wider archaeology at risk . The protest by the Stonehenge Alliance was staged outside a consultation event in London earlier . Highways England said was working to find \" the best solution possible \" . The public consultation on plans for putting the A303 into a 1.8-mile ( 2.9km ) dual carriageway tunnel runs until 5 March . Highways England says the move would cut congestion and improve journey times . The scheme has the backing of English Heritage and the National Trust . Speaking outside the Society of Antiquaries at Burlington House , Robinson suggested a longer tunnel . said : \" think the proposal are being offered is a really old-fashioned one . \" assumes needs to be protected is that little clump of stones . \" said was only over the past three decades archaeologists had begun to comprehend the wider significance of the site . \" That 's a high-class Wiltshire Disneyland experience ,\" said . \" Once 's gone , 'll never get that back . \" If were going to protect Buckingham Palace , would n't put a tunnel in halfway down the Mall . \" The Stonehenge Alliance wants other options to reduce traffic to be fully explored . Spokeswoman Dr Kate Fielden said : \" want a genuine consultation with real choice . \" Both of Highways England 's options involve huge and damaging new roadworks gouged into most important ancient landscape . \" A spokesman for Highways England said : \" fully understand the cultural heritage of the site and one of the broad objectives of the scheme is to help conserve and enhance the World Heritage Site by removing the sight and sound of traffic and make easier to reach and explore . \"", "The 35-year-old joined the Iron from Blackpool in 2013 and has made 119 league appearances for the League One side . helped to a third-placed finish this season , before were beaten by Millwall in the play-off semi-finals . Bishop told the club website : \" With the way the season finished , 's a sense of unfinished business and was disappointing for all of . \"", "Pawel Sroka , 33 , of Meadvale Road , Croydon , was charged on Saturday with the murder of 29-year-old partner , Joanna Trojniak , of the same address . A special post-mortem examination on 24 March gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest . Ms Trojniak 's next of kin have been informed . Mr Sroka is due to appear at Bromley Magistrates' Court on 4 April .", "French President Francois Hollande expressed \" deep sadness \" at the death of Huguette Dupeu in a statement . Most of the dead in the raid were foreign tourists . Two of the attackers were killed by security forces . A huge march against terrorism is planned for Sunday will finish outside the Bardo museum . President Hollande is among those expected at the event in the capital Tunis . Lyse Doucet : Tunisia 's test of transition Cradle of ' Arab Spring ' under threat The museum 's planned reopening earlier this week was postponed over security concerns . Schoolchildren and students were allowed in on Friday , with the general public to be readmitted Monday . The attack , claimed by Islamic State ( IS ) , was the deadliest in Tunisia since the uprising led to the overthrow of long-serving ruler Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011 . Over 20 people have been arrested in connection with the attack , although just two gunmen are thought to have carried out the raid . are said to have been trained in Libya in an area controlled by IS . The Tunisian Prime Minister , Habib Essid , has admitted \" shortcomings \" in the country 's security system and has dismissed six police chiefs over the attack .", "The imagery , released by US geopolitical intelligence company Stratfor and taken on 31 October , shows how almost all the buildings at the airport , on the southern outskirts of Mosul , have been razed . Runways have also been damaged , with wide trenches carved into and rubble placed along lengths , Stratfor 's analysis says . Taxiways and aprons - where aircraft park - have also been sabotaged . About 50,000 Iraqi security forces , Kurdish Peshmerga fighters , Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia militiamen , assisted by US-led coalition airstrikes , are currently involved in a military offensive to reclaim Mosul from IS militants . Government forces have already retaken dozens of villages and towns surrounding the city and are currently consolidating gains made in Mosul 's eastern outskirts . The damage to the runways has rendered the airport worthless as an asset for attacking forces , says Stratfor . Airports or runways are typically a primary objective for assaults on cities , since control over can deny or enable logistical capabilities , having a considerable impact on the outcome of battles . However , IS militants have ensured is little left for approaching forces to gain by taking the site , Stratfor says . IS employed a similar tactic at Qayyarah air base , 70km ( 43 miles ) south of Mosul . However , the trenches dug there only partially covered the main runway , Stratfor says , and was restored to service within months of the Iraqi forces recapturing the base in July . By comparison , Mosul airport 's destruction could be much more difficult to repair . Mirroring the demolition at Qayyarah , IS fighters have also levelled almost every structure at Mosul airport . Stratfor says that as well as preventing Iraqi forces and allies from using the facilities , the tactic also serves to clear the line of sight for IS defensive positions on the northern edge of the airport . Along with restoring the runways , Iraqi forces would need to rebuild hangars , warehouses and other infrastructure in order to use as a logistical base . In contrast to the widespread destruction elsewhere in the area , the images show how the city 's sugar factory remains relatively intact - testimony to utility to IS . After the jihadists captured Mosul in June 2014 , continued to operate the factory , says Stratfor , and more than a year later , executed the plant 's manager when refused to run for . However , the images also show how coalition airstrikes , aimed at destroying key IS positions and assets , have caused some damage to the buildings . Satellite imagery released last week , showed how IS had constructed multiple barricades across key routes into the northern Iraqi city .", "An overrunning engineering project shut the line between Reading and London Paddington at the end of last year . Major work , including extensive signalling improvements , is being carried out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday . Network Rail said had \" hundreds of buses \" ready in case overruns . Julian Burnell , from Network Rail , said the disruption was needed to allow for the last major stage of work on the Reading station redevelopment to be completed . added : \" This is a very big project , dealing with one of the biggest bottlenecks anywhere in the country . \" ca n't say 's absolutely no danger [ of an overrun at Easter ] , but have done everything in power to get finished in good time . are hundreds of buses waiting if that happens . \" On 27 December , King 's Cross station was shut and Paddington was closed for part of the day after engineering works took longer than expected . A number of projects will take place over the Easter break , including a closure of the line between Hayes & Harlington in West London and Didcot Parkway in Oxfordshire while further work is carried out on the Crossrail project .", "Plans were approved for Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to drill in a field at St Nicholas . The permit does not allow the company to carry out fracking - hydraulic fracturing of the land - to extract any oil or gas . Fracking is subject to a temporary ban in Wales until decision-making powers on the practice are devolved . Natural Resources Wales said had carried out a \" thorough assessment \" of the company 's plans before approving , with all work including reinstatement of the land to be completed within 12 months . \" 's important that any activity of this kind does n't harm the environment , and this permit makes clear Coastal Oil and Gas Limited will need to do to comply with this ,\" a spokesman said . \" Once the work begins , officers will regulate and monitor the site to ensure complies with the conditions of the permit , to protect people and the environment . \" The permit for exploratory drilling comes despite a moratorium on fracking in Wales pending devolution of responsibility for such decisions . In August , the UK government urged councils in England to speed up the process of approval for fracking projects . However , Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant said fracking technology was \" unproven \" , and that Welsh Labour ministers preferred to look at renewable energy .", "Transactions carried out in European markets were previously recorded in Luxembourg , with Amazon had a low-tax agreement . Now sales made through subsidiaries in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy will be registered in those countries , the retailer has said . Amazon had received heavy criticism for tax avoidance policies . \" More than two years ago , began the process of establishing local country branches of Amazon EU Sarl , primary retail operating company in Europe ,\" the company said in a statement . \" As of 1 May , Amazon EU Sarl is recording retail sales made to customers through these branches in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy . \" Previously , these retail sales were recorded in Luxembourg . \" Amazon added that was \" working on opening a branch for France \" . In recent years , the European Union has intensified investigations into the tax deals negotiated by global companies with countries such as Ireland , Luxembourg and the Netherlands . suspects that such deals amount to illegal state aid and distort competition . Last year , the European Commission - the EU 's executive arm - launched a formal investigation into Amazon 's tax arrangements with Luxembourg . And the EU is also looking into tech giant Apple 's tax dealings in Ireland , coffee-shop chain Starbucks' dealings in the Netherlands , and Italian carmaker Fiat 's agreement with Luxembourg .", "Dame Sally Davies said the action by the British Medical Association ( BMA ) would \" lead to patients suffering \" . The strike begins across England at 08:00 GMT , from when junior doctors will only provide emergency care . The BMA said the strikes \" demonstrated the strength of feeling amongst the profession \" . announced three spells of strike action in England in November , after negotiations with the government ended without resolution . Issues being disputed by the BMA and NHS include weekend pay . \" As a doctor , can understand the anger and frustration felt by many junior doctors at this time ,\" Dame Sally said . \" In part , this dispute is a symptom of frustration and low morale has been building for decades and the strain a career in medicine can place on work-life balance . \" Junior doctors are the backbone of the NHS , working long and anti-social hours ... is vital that , as senior medical leaders , ask whether are doing everything can to ensure junior colleagues feel valued . \" The planned strikes are set to take place from : Conciliation service Acas has confirmed that talks between the BMA and NHS bosses will continue next week . Junior doctors' leaders are objecting to the prospect of a new contract . The government has described the current arrangements as \" outdated \" and \" unfair \" , pointing out were introduced in the 1990s . Ministers drew up plans to change the contract in 2012 , but talks broke down last year . The government has indicated will impose the new contract next year in England . The BMA has responded by initiating the industrial action process . Junior doctors row : need to know exactly do junior doctors do ?", "The 19-year-old will now be eligible to play against Barnsley in the Football League Trophy final on Sunday . Kenny , joined up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter , has so far made 13 appearances for the U 's . \" has done really well for and is enjoying football ,\" said Oxford head coach Michael Appleton . \" is highly thought of at Goodison Park and has a big future . \"", "The money for Kingston Maurward College , near Dorchester , will go towards a \u00a3 3.24m project includes a new animal sciences building . Weymouth College has also been awarded \u00a3 0.5m towards \u00a3 1.5m project to refurbish two buildings . The grants form part of a \u00a3 214m investment in 47 colleges in England . Skills Minister Matthew Hancock said of the Enhanced Renewal Grant that was to \" ensure \" investment in \" first rate facilities \" . Kingston Maurward principal Clare Davison said was \" thrilled \" with the grant . said the animal science building would include aquatic , reptile and mammal rooms , a laboratory and six teaching classrooms . added : \" This building will help ensure that continue to deliver high quality teaching and learning to give young people the appropriate skills required to gain employment in animal science-related fields . \" Construction is planned to start this summer and is expected to be completed by mid-summer 2014 . The grants go alongside plans for the government 's new skills strategy to \" support the majority of good and outstanding colleges \" while intervening if colleges are failing .", "Greg Dyke has invited Astle 's widow Laraine and daughters , Claire and Dawn , to Wembley Stadium on 10 August . The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward died in 2002 . A neurosurgeon said last month that died from a brain condition linked to boxers rather than Alzheimer 's disease as previously thought . Dawn Astle said : \" want to stress the immediate message in dealing with head injuries and concussions , to discuss the FA 's medical policies on this and work on player education . \"[ The issue ] has to be taken seriously because 's about lives . \" 's not like a back or knee injury , because once the brain is damaged does n't repair and Dad is proof of that . \" Ms Astle said Dr Willie Stewart , carried out a new examination of Mr Astle 's brain , would also be at the meeting . Astle 's family have campaigned for the FA to carry out research into the risks of heading footballs and players suffering concussion . The Justice for Jeff group has also held protests at West Brom games . The FA previously apologised to the family for not keeping informed about work and said rules on concussion were due to be changed ahead of the 2014 / 15 season . A spokesman for the FA said Mr Dyke \" had been keen to meet the Astle family for a long time \" to hear concerns . was initially believed Astle died from Alzheimer 's disease , but the coroner at inquest ruled brain had been damaged by heading heavy leather balls . played for West Bromwich Albion from 1964-1974 scoring 137 goals in 292 league appearances .", "The 18-year-old identical twins have come through the club 's academy to impress in nine Premiership appearances between this season . Both play in the back row and have also featured for the England Under-20 side . \" will play key parts in the club 's vision of developing players in the academy , and bringing through to the first team ,\" Sale director of rugby Steve Diamond said . The pair became only the fourth set of twins to play side-by-side in the Premiership when appeared in Sale 's 34-24 defeat by Wasps on 27 November . Tom is also the Sharks' youngest Premiership try scorer after crossing on debut in the 31-13 win over Bristol on 30 October .", "The incident happened near Corbett Place and Calais View at about 08:30 on Thursday . Officers are now urging anyone saw the man to get in touch . is described as being in late teens or early 20s with dark , curly , short hair . is about 5ft 9in and was wearing a dark top .", "The Egypt-backed plan had envisaged a regional forum analysts say might have forced Israel to reveal whether or not has nuclear weapons . The proposal was blocked by the US , the UK and Canada . The next review is set for 2020 . Israel neither confirms nor denies has a stockpile of nuclear weapons . Speaking after four weeks of negotiations , US Under-Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller accused Egypt and other Arab countries of \" not willing to let go of these unrealistic and unworkable conditions \" for future talks . also said some participants tried to \" cynically manipulate \" the whole process . But Egypt warned that the failure to reach a deal \" will have consequences in front of the Arab world and public opinion \" , the Associated Press news agency reports . Last month , Egypt had proposed to stage a regional conference - with or without Israel 's participation and without an agreed agenda . Some analysts suggested that this move might have forced Israel - is not a party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) - to publicly clarify position on nuclear weapons . Decisions at NPT review conferences - held every five years - are made by consensus . The failure of the current talks means the next gathering could only be held in 2020 at the earliest .", "The UK government has announced measures to speed up development . Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant has written to councils reminding of the temporary ban on fracking in Wales . said fracking technology was \" unproven \" , saying Welsh ministers preferred to look at renewable energy . Fracking is a process of using high pressure water to break up rocks deep underground to release gas and pipe to the surface . is a major industry in the United States , but are concerns about safety , the environment and underground water . have been protests against applications for test drilling for gas in both the Vale of Glamorgan and Wrexham , as well as sites in England . Energy Secretary Amber Rudd has stressed the UK government 's support for fracking , and frustration at delays in development . has told councils in England to make decisions on applications within 16 weeks , to stop the process being \" dragged out for months \" . In letter to Welsh councils , Mr Sargeant said the new guidance only applied to England and that the moratorium in Wales remained in place . \" The UK government 's general support for oil and gas applications is contrary to the approach of the Welsh Government of promoting renewable and low carbon forms of energy through the planning system and other measures ,\" said . \" still see renewable energy as a key element in ensuring that Wales achieves sustainable development for the benefit of future generations . \" Local planning authorities must ensure that planning applications for renewable energy projects are determined within statutory timescales . \" Plans to devolve control over fracking were confirmed in the Queen 's Speech in June following the Conservatives' general election victory .", "The exhibition , From Dark to Light , explores the work of artist Victor Noble Rainbird , was born in North Shields in 1887 . The largest collection to have been staged since the 1930s , favourite subjects were the North Sea and the streets and people of hometown . Curator Dave Young said was a lot of affection for in the town . Many of the pieces on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre in North Shields have never been seen in public before . Mr Young , said : \" hope that this exhibition will shed new light on the life and work of a remarkable man and also a much misunderstood artist . \" This is the first major exhibition of paintings to be held in hometown of North Shields since the artist 's lifetime and is being held in a building would have known well and often painted . \" Victor Noble Rainbird 's paintings are a fascinating legacy of life in the North East before and after the Great War , while own remarkable war record is only now being unravelled . \" Mr Rainbird joined the Northumberland Fusiliers in 1914 when was 26-years-old and served on the Western Front at Ypres , Passchendaele , Vimy Ridge and Armentieres . Some of the drawings produced while on active service have survived and are included in the exhibition . Mr Young said were a \" poignant , important and sombre record of the horrors of war \" . After the war , Rainbird made several return trips to France , Belgium and the Netherlands , producing some of most impressive works . died aged 47 in 1936 . From Dark to Light : exploring the life and art of Victor Noble Rainbird is on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre from 10 July to 6 September .", "Lennon , managed Brown , now 31 , in four years as Celtic boss , says the midfielder 's decision would boost Gordon Strachan 's Scotland squad . \" is not a surprise because thought retired too early ,\" said Lennon . \" Sometimes can make these decisions and then think have still got plenty to offer . \" Brown 's return to the fold means that on Wednesday is almost certain to be included in Strachan 's squad for the World Cup qualifier against England at Wembley on 11 November . Lennon told BBC Scotland : \" think last season injuries took a toll on and did n't see the best of but certainly this season is looking far more like again and playing very well , will be an asset to Scotland . \" think presence around the dressing room and training ground and certainly on the pitch will be felt if is not there . \" is only 31 and is plenty more to come from . thought decision was premature anyway . \" Lennon does not envisage any issues with Brown returning to the squad for a game believes Scotland can win . \" do n't know how would affect the dynamic of the group but certainly think would pep up ,\" added . \" was a poor performance and result in Slovakia and might just give the wee jag need , having a player of that quality back . \" The England game is one think can win . will be a British style of game and wo n't be anything the Scottish players will be surprised about . \" Scotland assistant manager Mark McGhee , meanwhile , looked forward to the team benefiting from Brown 's leadership , saying \" by example and voice and influence , ( ) makes other people better \" . McGhee added : \" Scott Brown is someone would imagine , when England are looking at squad and team , would prefer not to be playing . \" looks as if has coped better with combining the European and league campaigns . feels good about and can do both at this stage . \" would imagine has been revitalised by Brendan ( Rodgers , the Celtic manager ) . think the manager has given a new lease of life . \" would have made [ original ] decision in an honest way . But now has looked at and decided was clearly the wrong decision . \" If the other players feel that Scott Brown gives a better chance of winning the game , will be delighted to have back . \"", "The bird 's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in Bethesda while was chasing a wood pigeon . RSPCA Inspector Mike Pugh , freed the animal , said : \" The buzzard was feisty , but luckily , had not had much feather damage . \" released the bird back to the wild where belongs straight away . \"", "The Communication Workers Union said the walkout would start on Monday 19 December and include Christmas Eve . will involve thousands of workers from the Crown Post Offices . The Post Office said despite the walkout would be \" business as usual \" with \" at least \" 97 % of 11,600 branches not involved . Crown Post Offices are the larger branches are usually located in High Streets . In April 2016 , the Post Office announced plans to transfer up to 61 branches into WH Smith stores over the following year . said the move was part of a 10-year plan to cut costs and save cash , and would act as a way of \" safeguarding the future of the network . \" \" members want the Post Office management to pause closure and privatisation programme , hold off on planned pensions changes , and commit to sitting down with and with the other key stakeholders of this Great British institution and , together , construct a lasting vision ,\" said CWU assistant secretary Andy Furey . The Post Office said was \" extremely disappointed \" by the CWU 's action . \" Just today , agreed with the CWU that would resume talks , have been ongoing throughout the summer , on Wednesday ,\" added Kevin Gilliland , the Post Office 's network and sales director .", "More than 60,000 vials , said to contain anabolic steroids , were recovered in an operation by Garda ( Irish police ) , customs and a medicine watchdog . Human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills were also found during Thursday 's raids in Muff and Lifford . A man in 30s was arrested , but later released without charge . The Health Products Regulatory Authority , the Republic 's medicine watchdog , said evidence of an illegal manufacturing operation had been found . The PSNI had carried out further searches in Northern Ireland , said .", "welcomed Taoiseach ( Irish prime minister ) Enda Kenny 's comments on a possible referendum on Irish unity . DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was \" being mischievous \" . The taoiseach said Brexit talks should consider that a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could result in the calling of a referendum . In remarks to reporters on Monday at the annual MacGill Summer School in Glenties , County Donegal , Mr Kenny said the triggering of a border poll required \" clear evidence of a majority of people wishing to leave the UK and join the Republic \" . added : \" may be , in the eyes of some , a fanciful theory but knows happens in 10 , 20 years time ? \" Adams responded by calling for all parties supporting a united Ireland \" to discuss how best this can be achieved . \" \" In the context of the north being dragged out of the EU by England , is now a greater opportunity to achieve this ,\" said . North Antrim MP Mr Paisley said Secretary of State James Brokenshire and predecessor , Theresa Villiers , had both ruled out holding a referendum . \" 's not going to happen ,\" said . \" all know in the next nine months Enda Kenny is not going to be taoiseach . So , 's really just being mischievous. ,\" Mr Paisley added . Ulster Unionist MLA Jenny Palmer described Mr Kenny 's comments as \" much ado about nothing \" . said that , in the wake of the EU referendum , the Stormont executive 's priority should be \" to convince the people of Northern Ireland that have a plan for the way forward for economy , farmers , voluntary and community groups , universities and everyone else depends heavily on EU funding and support . \"", "The Shrimps lost opening game of the season at newly-promoted Grimsby but then knocked Championship side Rotherham out of the EFL Cup 5-4 and have won three straight league games . \" 's nice but is early days ,\" 40-year-old Bentley told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" 're never too high and never too low and keep saying that . \" added : \" 's important everyone keeps feet on the ground - likewise when have a sticky spell everyone keeps check and sticks together . \" Kevin Ellison , 37 , got the only goal of the game as Morecambe 's 1-0 win at Yeovil on Saturday moved to the top of the league . \" People say about age and this and that but if work with day in , day out see how rubs off on other people ,\" added Bentley on Ellison . \" desire , attitude towards training and own recovery and own professionalism , 's a credit to and family . \" A lot of young people should look at up and down the country because is that good at does . \"", "Shiv Kumar Yadav has also been charged with \" criminal intimidation \" of the 26-year-old woman , reports said . The victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home but said was taken to a secluded area and raped . Delhi later banned Uber and several other web-based taxi firms for failing to carry out adequate driver checks . Although the driver has not yet given a statement in public , police say has confessed to the crime . say has also been identified by the victim . Rape and the issue of sexual violence against Indian women have been in the spotlight in recent years ever since a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang-raped and murdered in Delhi in December 2012 . The crime prompted global outrage and a tightening of the laws on sexual violence , but correspondents say have failed to act as a deterrent . Earlier this month , five men were arrested in Calcutta for kidnapping and repeatedly raping a Japanese student . And in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , two policemen were arrested for allegedly abducting and raping a teenager .", "Cassells , 22 , and Scrimgeour clocked six minutes and 29.63 seconds to finish ahead of Denmark and China . The British duo won the title in the non-Olympic class in France last year . Meanwhile Ireland 's Olympic silver medallist Paul O'Donovan , 22 , won lightweight single sculls semi-final . The Skibbereen man , clinched Olympic silver in the lightweight double sculls in Rio with brother Gary , produced a strong late burst to come from fourth at the halfway stage to win semi-final in 6:51.71 . Slovenian Rajko Hrvat finished second in 6:52.31 with Germany 's Konstantin Steinhuebel clinching the third qualifying spot for Saturday 's final . The Rotterdam championships features non-Olympic classes . Irish duo Mark O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll will compete against Cassells and Scrimgeour in Saturday 's lightweight pairs final after finishing second in semi-final behind the French boat . The British pair were the fastest qualifiers for final , ahead of the Danes ( 6:30.12 ) and France ( 6:30.56 ) , while the Irish duo next quickest in 6:32.18 . After winning gold in class at last year 's World Championships in France , Cassells and Scrimgeour retained the European title in Brandenburg in May .", "The 22-year-old , has signed a one-year contract , joins defender Craig Barr and striker Mark Stewart at the Scottish Championship club . Johnston came through Kilmarnock 's youth ranks to make the Premiership side 's first team . But moved to Kirkcaldy last summer and played 34 times . Barr , 30 , had been at Stark 's Park for three seasons after leaving Airdrieonians and played 17 times as Rovers dropped to League One . The 29-year-old Stewart joined Rovers at the same time , from Derry City , and scored five times in 36 appearances last season .", "Doors to the event at Glasgow Green will open at 14:00 . TRNSMT is being held on was traditionally the weekend of the T in the Park festival , is not taking place this year . Other bands appearing over the weekend include include Kasabian , Biffy Clyro and The Kooks . The acts will play across three stages at Scotland 's newest music festival , with highlights being broadcast every evening on a BBC Scotland programme presented by Edith Bowman . Radiohead will headline the opening night , with Kasabian headlining on Saturday and Biffy Clyro closing the festival on Sunday . Organisers DF Concerts announced TRNSMT in January , two months after saying was suspending T in the Park to \" take stock \" of a challenging two years since the festival moved to Strathallan from Balado . The promoter said \" continued restrictions \" had had a \" negative impact \" on festival-goers . T in the Park 's first year at Strathallan in 2015 was plagued by traffic problems . Two teenagers died at the 2016 festival in separate incidents , while witnesses reported fights and illicit drug use in the campsite area . Police Scotland said on Wednesday that security would be tight at TRNSMT following the recent terror attacks in Manchester and London , with armed police patrolling near the venue and bag searchers being carried out on festival-goers . Officers also warned would be a zero-tolerance approach to drug-taking and anyone found with illegal substances would be arrested . Flares , smoke devices and other pyrotechnics are banned from the festival area and anyone is drunk will not be allowed entry .", "The reactor at Yongbyon has been the source of plutonium for North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme . The White House said North Korea should \" focus instead on fulfilling international obligations \" . The reactor was shut down in 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal . But Pyongyang vowed to restart in 2013 , following third nuclear test and amid high regional tensions . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the international community would not accept North Korea as a nuclear state . \" will work with partners in the context of the six-party talks to try to return North Korea to a posture of fulfilling those commitments have made ,\" said . \" will repeat call that North Korea should refrain from the irresponsible provocations aggravate regional tension and should focus instead on fulfilling international obligations and commitments . \" Six-nation talks involving South Korea , the US , China , Japan and Russia aimed at ending the North 's nuclear programme have been stalled since 2009 . Experts believe that , when fully operational , the Yongbyon reactor can make one nuclear bomb 's worth of plutonium per year . A US think-tank said this year that satellite images suggested work had started at the Yongbyon complex . But Tuesday 's announcement was the first official confirmation from North Korea that had restarted operations there . The state-run news agency KCNA said North Korea was improving nuclear weapons \" in quality and quantity \" . said that the North was ready to face US hostility with \" nuclear weapons any time \" . However , experts say North Korea 's nuclear capabilities are unclear . Pyongyang claims has made a device small enough to fit a nuclear warhead on to a missile , could launch at enemies . But US officials have cast doubt on the claim . North Korea has made bellicose threats against neighbours and the US before , often to coincide with annual joint military exercises held by South Korea and US forces . The two Koreas remain technically at war , because the 1950-1953 war ended in an armistice , not a peace treaty .", "Andrew Bedford , 27 , from Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire , was last seen in September 1990 . Officers reopened the investigation in April , and discovered human bones on land off Stocking Fen Road in Ramsey . A 64-year-old man from Ramsey has been arrested . Mr Bedford was last seen on the evening of 28 September at Factory Bank , off Great Whyte , Ramsey . Three people were arrested in connection with disappearance but no-one was charged . In April , Cambridgeshire Police reopened the investigation as a murder inquiry , saying believed had been shot . Detectives think Mr Bedford was killed with a shotgun sometime during the evening of 28 September at a garage called Mongrel Cars , no longer exists , in Ramsey . began searching land in the town in April . Bones \" consistent with being human \" were found by scenes of crime officers , forensic scientists and detectives during the 13-day operation . Det Ch Insp Martin Brunning , is leading the murder inquiry , said : \" The bones were discovered during a painstaking search of the area had identified as being of interest . \" An expert in forensic anthropology has assisted the investigation and the bones will now be subject to DNA testing and much more intrusive forensic analysis . \" Mr Bedford was last seen eating a takeaway in a light blue Ford Cortina car . was wearing overalls , a khaki jumper , jeans and trainers . was described as 5ft 8in ( 1.72m ) , medium build with mousey blond , curly , shoulder-length hair and had a number of tattoos . Mr Brunning said was \" confident \" local people held additional information would help \" bring resolution to Andrew 's family \" .", "The Joyce twins starred as the Irish made three wins out of three in Bangkok on Tuesday . Isobel bagged four wickets as Zimbabwe were dismissed for a paltry 78 before Ciecilia top-scored with 36 to help Ireland to 79-3 in 15.2 overs . Victory over Scotland will secure a place in next year 's World Twenty20 . The top two teams from the qualifying tournament will take on the game 's elite in India . Ireland have avoided a meeting with tournament favourites Bangladesh but face a tough encounter against the Scots on Thursday . Zimbabwe also came into Tuesday 's game at Terdthai Cricket Ground with a 100 % record in Group B but were outclassed by the Irish . Isobel Joyce took 4-20 and Robyn Lewis 2-9 as Zimbabwe were skittled out in 19 overs . The target was easily achieved after Clare Shillington ( 22 ) and Cecilia Joyce put on an opening partnership of 48 .", "Colchester Hospital was rated as inadequate after a recent Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) inspection found was relying on \" unsuitable \" agency staff . Norman Betchley died in 2009 after was mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse . The hospital said the CQC report did not reflect improvements has made . Inspectors said the hospital demonstrated \" poor leadership \" and \" only a limited capacity to improve \" . Staff were let down by agency workers , were not as committed and were \" unsuitable in terms of skills and knowledge \" . Mr Betchley 's daughter Linda said feels angry that \" nothing has changed \" since died . More on this story on BBC Local Live in Essex added : \" At the time said was a deficit in trained staff and was a breakdown in management and the girl was thrown in at the deep end . \" Many of the items raised in this most recent report were raised back then . do n't see being addressed soon . \" is no leadership , is no support for the actual nurses on the wards . \" Chief executive Frank Sims , started in the role last month , admitted biggest challenge is \" reducing dependency on agency staff . \" \" have got more staff employed now than have ever had , and since September have recruited 75 more qualified nurses but have still got a long way to go . \" The trust runs the hospital has been in special measures since 2013 . The CQC has recommended remains in special measures for the next three months , during time must submit a weekly improvement plan . Mr Sims said intention is to \" focus entirely on getting out of special measures this year \" .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Cavendish , has won 30 stages at the Tour de France , came sixth in the first of six events - the scratch race . was second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race with three more events on Monday . Becky James broke the women 's sprint Olympic record in qualification and is in Monday 's quarter-finals along with fellow Briton Katy Marchant . Cavendish , 31 , began campaign with a hard-fought sixth-placed finish in the scratch race , after Denmark 's Lasse Norman Hansen , the London 2012 Olympic champion and Roger Kluge took the top two spots by gaining a lap on the field . In the individual pursuit , Cavendish recorded a time of four minutes 16.878 seconds and caught reigning world champion Colombian Fernando Gaviria Rendon in the process . That temporarily gave the Manxman the outright lead , before Hansen set a new Olympic record of 4:14:982 , beating Sir Bradley Wiggins' time set in 2008 , to win second event in a row . However , Hansen dropped from first to sixth overall after was the first rider to fall out of the elimination race sees the rider in last position at the end of every second lap ejected from the race . Cavendish was looking comfortable as other riders dropped out but was ejected , despite not being the last rider over the line , when overtook a rider while off the inside of the track , and was awarded seventh place . France 's Thomas Boudat , the 2014 world champion , leads on 106 points , two more than Italy 's Elia Viviani won the elimination race , with Cavendish third on 96 points . The fourth event - the time trial - starts at 14:21 BST on Monday , before the flying lap and points race events . Wales' James won a silver medal in the keirin on Saturday and maintained good form on Sunday as set a new Olympic record during the sprint qualification . James recorded a time of 10.721 seconds to beat the 10.724 set by fellow Briton Victoria Pendleton at the 2012 Olympics in London . That saw James become the fastest qualifier and comfortably beat Olga Ismayilova of Azerbaijan by a margin of 0.165 secs to move into the quarter-finals , take place from 14:00 BST on Monday . Marchant also advanced in style as defeated Canada 's Monique Sullivan after posting the second fastest qualification time . Australia 's defending champion Anna Meares was beaten by Lithuania 's Simona Krupeckaite but won a repechage race to reach the last eight . Media playback is not supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "Finance Minister M\u00e1irt\u00edn \u00d3 Muilleoir made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round . said that when added to the last monitoring round means the executive has allocated an additional \u00a3 200m to health in 2016 / 17 . Health accounts for about half of Stormont 's departmental spending . Last week , Health Minister Michelle O'Neill said department needed \" significant additional funding \" to meet growing demand . When asked on Tuesday if any of the money would be allocated to waiting lists , Ms O'Neill said \" would make decisions on the allocations of the additional resources as soon as possible within the next few days \" . So how will the money be spent ? At this stage is little detail . However , from the health minister 's statement seems that the money will go directly to unscheduled care includes emergency departments . will also be directed to those areas within hospitals often experience bed blocking - when patients cannot be discharged as is nowhere for to be cared for in the community , including in own homes . Read more . Other reallocations include \u00a3 30m to schools with \u00a3 5m of that for special educational needs . is also \u00a3 25m for roads maintenance and building schemes and \u00a3 20m for further education . Mr \u00d3 Muilleoir said have been no new spending cuts despite pressure on budgets \" as a result of the Westminster austerity agenda \" . A large slice of the money has been reallocated is \u00a3 30m had been set aside to mitigate cuts to tax credits . However , the money is no longer needed for that purpose after the chancellor reversed plan to cut tax credits .", "Just days after dropping a supreme court action , the twins filed a fresh lawsuit against the company . claims that Facebook \" intentionally or inadvertently suppressed evidence \" during previous litigation . Originally , Tyler and Cameron accused Mr Zuckerberg of stealing idea to create the site . The story of the feud formed the core of the 2010 film \" The Social Network \" . The row dates from 2003 when the Winklevosses hired Mr Zuckerberg to write code for ConnectU site while at Harvard . never did , but instead set up Facebook , quickly became a success around the world . A court case over did was resolved in 2008 when the parties agreed on a financial settlement , reportedly worth around $ 65m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 41m ) . In January 2011 the Winklevosses tried to reopen the case , seeking more money . However , a US appeals court ruled in April that would have to accept the settlement . The twins initially said would appeal against the settlement , but decided this week not to pursue that legal avenue . In the most recent suit filed on Thursday with the US District Court of Massachusetts , the Winklevosses and business partner Divya Narendra said that Facebook hid some crucial information from during settlement proceedings . The twins said that Mr Zuckerberg did not disclose some important documents in regards to the relationship between and the brothers while were at Harvard . Facebook 's outside counsel Neel Chatterjee said in a statement : \" These are old and baseless allegations have been considered and rejected previously by the courts . \"", "The teenage pedestrian was knocked down by a Ford Focus in Oldgate Lane , Thrybergh , Rotherham , on Saturday , said South Yorkshire Police . The car involved was thought to have been travelling towards Dalton at the time and driver was not injured in the crash . Police have appealed for any witnesses to contact .", "had rejected a move to Birmingham on Wednesday but has now agreed personal terms and passed medical . Stewart , was in the final year of contract at at Dens Park , had scored six goals in three games for Dundee already this season . could make Blues debut in Saturday 's Championship match at Leeds . Stewart is Birmingham 's second signing of the week following the arrival of striker Che Adams from Sheffield United . Birmingham opened Championship campaign with a goalless draw against Cardiff City and were knocked out of the EFL Cup by League One side Oxford United in Tuesday 's first-round tie .", "The former private , is in 20s , has accepted a conditional caution for misconduct in a public office . The woman has agreed to make a payment of \u00c2 \u00a3 40 to an armed forces charity . was arrested at Nottinghamshire home under the Metropolitan Police 's Operation Elveden inquiry into alleged corrupt payments to public officials . In a statement , the CPS outlined details of the offence but did not name the newspaper or the barracks . CPS lawyer Gregor McGill said : '' The evidence in this case was considered very carefully and although was sufficient evidence to prosecute this offence , when considering the public interest was decided that a conditional caution was an appropriate course of action . '' In accepting a conditional caution , an individual accepts responsibility for the offending set out . '' The former soldier was arrested in September . was the 87th person to be held as part of Operation Elveden , was launched after the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World newspaper . The operation was established to investigate allegations of inappropriate payments to police but was widened in January 2012 to include other public officials . is being overseen by the Independent Police Complaints Commission .", "The Care Inspectorate gave Nithsdale House in Pollokshields , Glasgow , a score of one - the lowest possible - across three areas examined . Weaknesses at Drumpellier Lodge in the city 's Bargeddie area were also found . The home received the second lowest rating in three areas examined . The inspections took place in February . An unannounced inspection visit was carried out at Nithsdale House , in Shields Road , Pollokshields , on 21 February . The care home , is run by Lotus Senior Living Ltd , was given a score of one ( unsatisfactory ) for quality of care and support ; quality of environment and quality of staffing . The home 's quality of management and leadership received the second lowest score of two ( weak ) . Inspectors also noted that had been \" very little progress \" following an earlier inspection had already highlighted concerns . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" continue to have serious concerns about the quality of care being provided to residents at this service . \" Whilst noted some improvement in some areas following a previous inspection , significant concerns remain over the service 's performance in relation to ensuring the health and wellbeing of residents . \" The spokesman said inspectors had \" observed poor practice in relation to administering medication \" . added : \" have informed the service of the improvements must make to ensure that residents' needs are met and rights respected . \" will continue to work with to ensure improve , but unless see evidence of significant improvement , will not hesitate to take further action . \" An unannounced inspection visit was carried out at Drumpellier Lodge , Coatbridge Road , Bargeddie , on 6 February . The care home , is run by Clancare Ltd , was given a score of two ( weak ) for quality of care and support ; quality of management and leadership and quality of staffing.Inspectors found that 10 requirements for improvement , made at a previous inspection , were not met . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" continue to have concerns about the quality of care and support being provided at this service and are working closely with to ensure meet the standards expect . \" have told the service the areas must take urgent action on to improve . \" If are not satisfied that improvement is being made will not hesitate to take further action . \"", "Officers were called to Derby Road , Enfield at 15:30 GMT on Saturday after reports of a gun being seen in a car . A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the reported car was stopped at 16:00 GMT and the four men inside were arrested . are currently being held at a north London police station .", "The company said Lancaster 's Caton Road substation went offline at 11:00 BST , leaving parts of the city and nearby Morecambe and Carnforth without power . Power supplies resumed at 16:30 BST in the remaining 10,000 properties after 53,000 had restored earlier . The firm said was not yet known caused the outage and thanked customers for \" support \" . A flood at the facility during Storm Desmond in 2015 left 55,000 without power . The outage resulted in travel problems , with many traffic lights not working , and caused disruption to schools , universities and businesses . Lancaster town hall closed while the outage was dealt with . later reopened but Lancaster City Council tweeted \" can only deal with basic enquiries \" . Salt Ayre Leisure Centre in Lancaster was closed and only accepted cash payments when reopened . Lancaster University was affected and tweeted wi-fi is available outside the chaplaincy centre , security lodge and information systems services . The university 's student union sent a tweet telling students were facing exams to turn up as usual . St John 's Hospice and Lancaster Cathedral both tweeted that power had returned .", "The plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket , Suffolk , had been approved by Forest Heath District Council . But last year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision . Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart ruled that Mr Javid 's decision was fatally inconsistent and \" plainly deficient \" . The case will now have to be reconsidered . Mr Justice Gilbart , sitting in London , quashed the refusal , saying : \" The secretary of state has performed a complete and unexplained volte-face in assessment of the highways impacts of two proposals for development on the same site in Newmarket and has also failed to apply own National Planning Policy Framework . \" The judge said : \" is on any view a requirement for more land for housing and other economic development in the Forest Heath District . \" Edward Stanley , the 19th Earl of Derby , brought the legal challenge with Moulton Parish Council and the Rural Parishes Alliance . The judge said local parish councils had for some time argued that growth in the area should not be dispersed among the rural parishes but concentrated in Newmarket . Newmarket Horsemen 's Group and some others were concerned that development in the town \" may have an adverse effect on the horseracing industry is based there \" and lead to increased traffic . A spokesman for Lord Derby said : \" The secretary of state now has a second chance to determine the application . should take full account of the significant benefits the planning application will bring to Newmarket when making a decision . \" The Department for Communities and Local Government said : \" have received this judgment and will now consider response . \"", "The call was made at a scrutiny meeting of the council to discuss the problems surrounding the new vessel . Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at Cowes would be free until 2 July \" in recognition of the problems \" and to allow feedback . Mr Stewart said the council had ordered a review of the project by auditors . said had been a \" frustrating and disappointing start \" to the ferry . Since launching late on 14 May the chain ferry has broken down , run aground and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to \" training issues \" . Cars have also been damaged getting on and off . Shopkeeper Angie Booth , owns Valu-4-U in East Cowes , said : \" Whether come out of this and survive am not sure - other businesses too . are bearing the brunt of the loss of almost six months of trade . \" Will compensate local businesses , the same as for damaged cars ? \" Transport councillor Ian Ward said compensation was up for discussion . added : \" do n't think 's a disaster . 's a prototype . are bound to be teething problems . were electrical problems the company has rectified . \" said the council authorised the manufacture of ramp extensions to resolve the problem of vehicles scraping the concrete . said groundings were an issue with seamanship , had been resolved .", "The 24-year-old Tunisia international , initially joined Lille on a season-long loan last summer , has agreed a three-year contract with Les Dogues . Sliti has made just five appearances since return from the 2017 African Cup of Nations - where played all four matches as Tunisia exited the tournament in the quarter-finals . has played 16 games for Lille , scoring once - during November 's 4-2 home victory against Caen . Sliti , began career with Sedan before moving to Paris FC in 2013 , has won 11 caps for country and scored three goals . Lille are 11th in the table going into Saturday 's fixture against Metz .", "3 February 2016 Last updated at 08:07 GMT The British astronaut has been up there for six weeks , but took time out to speak to children and share some experiments . Leah went to meet some of kids lucky enough to be able to talk direct to the astronaut ...", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Newtownards man became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years when triumphed in the scratch race in Belarus . Irvine , 28 , also won silver in the points race at the World Championships plus a World Cup gold in Manchester and a European bronze this year . \" This is a tremendous honour ,\" said seven-times Irish champion Irvine . \" want to thank BBC Northern Ireland for this award as is fantastic recognition for everything has happened in the past year and also for the sport of cycling has been going through somewhat of resurgence in popularity recently . \" 'm really looking forward to the next year with the Commonwealth Games , the World Championships and hopefully the Giro d'Italia . \" With any luck will be chatting to some of the guys from BBC Sport NI from a podium sometime next year ! \" After winning historic world gold and silver in Belarus during February , Irvine then suffered a fractured hip at a road race event in Taiwan a month later ruled out until August . However , the battling Irvine regained fitness to win bronze at the European Track Championships in Netherlands before taking victory in the World Cup points event in Manchester two weeks later . The judging panel of Northern Ireland sports journalists chose Irvine ahead of runner-up AP McCoy and motorcyclist Michael Dunlop . Others shortlisted for the award were boxer Carl Frampton , Ireland cricket captain William Porterfield and triathlon star Aileen Reid . The panel of judges comprised of Shane Glynn , editor Sport BBC NI , BBC NI sports reporter Nikki Gregg , Belfast Telegraph sports editor Stephen Beacom , Kenny Archer of the Irish News , News Letter sports editor Richard Mulligan and author and freelance journalist Orla Bannon . \" Once again the judging panel had a tough decision to make this year but felt that Martyn 's achievements were just outstanding ,\" said BBC NI sports editor Glynn . \" 'm delighted that 's been voted BBC Northern Ireland 's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013 . \" To become a world champion , literally within an hour of winning a silver medal in another discipline , is nothing short of phenomenal . \" And to beat the likes of AP McCoy and Michael Dunlop to this award speaks volumes about Martyn 's achievements . \"", "A major emergency had been declared at the airport after the Italian C-27J aircraft lost communication . was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution and landed without incident shortly before 20:00 . Police Scotland said the C-27J had been flying from Iceland to Italy . Flights are believed to have been delayed for a short time at Glasgow and Edinburgh , but Scottish airspace was not closed . Prestwick Airport also remained open throughout , and a Ryanair passenger flight to Malta took off a short time after the Italian plane landed . A video posted on Facebook by the Ayrshire News newspaper appeared to show the civilian aircraft landing at the airport . The Typhoons did not land . Photographs from the scene posted on social media showed several emergency service vehicles had been summoned to the scene as a precaution . A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said : \" Typhoon aircraft were launched this evening from RAF Lossiemouth to intercept a civilian aircraft was causing concern to air traffic control authorities . \" The aircraft was safely escorted to Prestwick airport and the local police now have the lead . \"", "Bomb disposal officers were sent to Birmingham 's Lee Bank area on Friday and nearby roads were closed and cordoned off . The men , two aged 32 and 37 were arrested in Stoke-on-Trent and three others , aged 18 , 24 and 28 , were arrested in Birmingham . Magistrates granted police a further seven days to question the men . Detectives from the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit appeared before London 's Westminster Magistrates' Court via video link on Saturday to submit request for a warrant of further detention , a spokesman said . The men were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism . Ch Supt Sue Southern , from West Midlands Police , said : \" The arrests of the five men were intelligence led and investigation continues at full pace . \" A number of properties in the Stoke and Birmingham areas have been searched as part of the investigation . The BBC understands the force was dealing with two suspect devices were found at a business in Lee Bank on Friday .", "Coverage will be on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app . The two teams faced off in Patras , Greece , earlier this month , with European title contenders Greece running out winners , 92-64 . Three members of that team will be missing at the Copper Box , however , offering GB a chance of revenge . \" think 's going to be amazing - 'm from Stratford so love playing there [ at the Copper Box ],\" said GB guard Teddy Okereafor . \" This is the level need to be playing at to make sure 're 100 % ready for EuroBasket this year . \" 've got a couple of guys are going to be playing for the first time in London so 's going to be exciting for - think the atmosphere 's going to be great . \" The game will be Britain 's only home game before compete at FIBA EuroBasket 2017 , starts at the beginning of September with a qualifying group in Istanbul , Turkey . After play Greece , coach Joe Prunty 's team travel to a four-team tournament in Poland , last warm-up games before EuroBasket starts . ( BST ) 17:30-19:30 - BBC iPlayer 17:30-19:30 - BBC Sport website", "The breach happened 10 days ago when the council 's website service provider , is based in England , was targeted by hackers . The City of Edinburgh Council assured those affected no other personal details were accessed . Officials have warned of a potential increase in spam or phishing emails . said the incident had been reported to both the Information Commissioner and the UK Government 's Computer Emergency Response Team and that extra security measures had been put in place . A council spokeswoman said : \" This was a malicious cyber attack on the council 's website is hosted in a UK data centre . was dealt with swiftly and at no point were any council services affected . \" are contacting everyone has been affected to inform of the incident and offer advice and support . have reassured individuals that the only details have been accessed are email addresses . \" The Information Commissioner 's Office has been informed and preventative measures have been taken by the web service providers . \" want to reassure the public the ongoing security of website is critically important , and continue to work with service providers to ensure that the risks associated with attacks are dealt with . \"", "\" have big ideas for the future , and part of making happen is building Instagram into a sustainable business ,\" said . Ads will appear in a few months and involve just a handful of firms . Instagram was bought by Facebook for $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 619m ) , but has never made a profit . The company , now has 150 million users , has been a favourite among consumers but has long left analysts wondering how could turn enthusiasm among photographers into a business model . Early efforts by Instagram to generate revenue were met with user backlash , such as when the company changed the terms of service to seemingly indicate that would own user images and could sell those images to advertisers . The failure of this move was acknowledged in the company 's posting . \" As always , own own photos and videos . The introduction of advertising wo n't change this ,\" said . In an interview earlier this year with the BBC , Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom said that Instagram must \" fund own future . \" Social media advertising is a booming business in the US . According to research firm eMarketer , advertisers will spend $ 9.5bn on social network ads worldwide this year . Facebook has boosted efforts to gain a larger share of this ad spending . This year , the company 's share of global mobile ad revenues will rise to 15.8 % from 5.35 % last year .", "The star of TV series Dexter and Six Feet Under , Hall played the lead role in Bowie 's musical Lazarus , premiered shortly before death . will perform the title song , opens with the line : \" Look up here , 'm in heaven \" , and was widely interpreted as Bowie 's personal epitaph . The song also appears on Bowie 's Mercury-nominated Blackstar album . Other nominees include Laura Mvula , The 1975 , Kano and Bat For Lashes . Radiohead are also shortlisted for album A Moon Shaped Pool . is fifth nomination - but have yet to win the \u00c2 \u00a3 25,000 prize . The band , are on a brief break from world tour , are not expected to perform at the ceremony , but most of the other acts will appear . On the night , the 12 nominated albums will be cut down to six finalists , one of will be chosen by a public vote . A panel of judges , including Jarvis Cocker , Annie Mac and Wolf Alice frontwoman Ellie Rowsell , will then choose the overall winner . The full list of nominees is : Read more about the nominees The 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize takes place at the Hammersmith Apollo on Thursday , 15 September . will be full coverage on BBC Music News LIVE , and the BBC red button and the ceremony will be broadcast live on BBC Four from 21:00 BST . Follow on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Gurpal Virdi , 56 , of Hounslow , west London , was acquitted by the jury at Southwark Crown Court . Mr Virdi had denied indecently assaulting a male prisoner and misconduct in public office . The charges dated back to on or before 7 November 1986 . During the trial Mr Virdi accused the Metropolitan Police of bringing the criminal case against as part of a 17-year campaign to \" hound \" out of the force . The retired detective claimed the police had tried to discredit after gave evidence to the Stephen Lawrence inquiry about racism within the police force . told jurors : \" This is a typical reaction from a department has hounded since 1998 , investigating and following around and bugging phone . Mr Virdi retired from the Metropolitan Police in 2012 after 30 years of service .", "Mr Cairns said would be \" completely wrong \" to remain in the EU 's single market as both major UK parties told voters wanted to leave . But played down differences with the Welsh Government over Brexit . The UK government is under pressure to change approach to leaving the EU , critics call a \" hard Brexit \" . Mr Cairns 's predecessor , Stephen Crabb , claimed the election had changed the terms of the Brexit debate . The Preseli Pembrokeshire MP is backing calls from Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson for Theresa May to adopt a more flexible approach achieves a consensus across parties . Mr Crabb told BBC Wales : \" The majority of business opinion in Wales and the UK supports Britain staying in the single market and staying in the customs union but still coming out of the European Union legally . \" And think that argument needs to get looked at far more closely and if ca n't achieve a satisfactory deal based on membership of the single market need something is pretty close to if 's going to achieve the consensus needs to across the parties . \" Wales Office Minister Guto Bebb said the process of listening to devolved governments had begun . \" is seven times more important now because of the result of the election that the devolved countries have a real voice in the process of leaving the European Union ,\" said . Mr Cairns , newly re-appointed to role , said wanted Brexit negotiations , due to start next week , to focus on the right outcome with businesses trading freely . \" 've talked about frictionless trade , the Welsh Government have talked about unfettered access . These are one and the same things ,\" said . \" Even the Labour Party do n't want to remain part of the single market so would be completely wrong to stay in the single market when the two largest parties are opposed to that . \" But Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP Simon Hart echoed Mr Crabb 's call for cross-party consensus . said did not buy the idea that because Theresa May has had \" an unquestionably difficult time for takes some of the blame \" means \" 's game over \" .", "held private meetings with Theresa May in the wake of the Hillsborough inquests , ended in April . Jurors found the fans died as a result of the 1989 crush were unlawfully killed . The families also complained about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police . called on the home secretary to put the force into remedial measures . is understood the proposed ' Hillsborough Law ' would seek to place a further onus on those in public office to cooperate positively with investigations . The families were told about developments in two ongoing criminal investigations into the disaster at the meetings with the home secretary , were held in Warrington . Theresa May has previously praised the dignity and determination of the victims' relatives . Chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group , Margaret Aspinall , son James died in the disaster , said : \" for the very first time felt - 'm sure the families did as well - that at last 's a home secretary 's actually listening to . \" The home secretary has met some Hillsborough families before , but this is the first time that 's spoken directly to since the inquests ended . Theresa May spent several hours in Warrington , meeting separately with the two main groups of relatives . The atmosphere was said to be heated , with some of the families complaining directly to about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police during the inquests . Some relatives asked for assurances that will be criminal prosecutions , and 'm told that wanted to make sure that the home secretary personally understood the emotional toll the two-year inquests have taken . Although the Hillsborough families welcomed the jury 's finding of unlawful killing , know that many months of uncertainty lie ahead before find out whether criminal trials will follow . The Independent Police Complaints Commission revealed that 19 people have refused to assist with probe into the conduct of officers from West Midlands Police , investigated the tragedy . The watchdog has now handed files on suspects to the Crown Prosecution Service in largest-ever inquiry into alleged criminality and alleged police misconduct . The IPCC has contacted 258 officers and staff members involved in the investigation into the tragedy and a total of 161 statements have been taken . The watchdog said : \" intention remains to submit full files of evidence to the CPS by the turn of the year to enable decisions to be made on whether any individuals should be charged . \"", "North Wales Police were called to the incident involving a silver Ford Transit truck in Nantlle Road , Talysarn , Gwynedd , on Friday afternoon . The woman was flown to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor by air ambulance , but later died . Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident .", "Following flooding at Brunton Park , Carlisle have three ' home ' fixtures at neutral grounds and beat Notts County at Preston 's Deepdale on Saturday . Stanley 's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging . \" 'm really upset about how the league 's handled the Carlisle affair ,\" Coleman told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" are now games behind Carlisle . 've had two postponements and 've been allowed to play elsewhere and do n't think 's right or fair . \" do n't think 's fair on the rest of the 23 teams have to go to Carlisle when some teams wo n't have to go there . \" just do n't think 's anywhere near any shape or form fair . \" 've got nothing against Carlisle , wish all the best in ventures and do , but 's shifting the rules . \" 've got every sympathy for the people have lost belongings and homes , 'm not decrying any of that - 'm just saying strictly from a football point of view 's an unfair advantage to play at another ground . \" The Cumbrians will also play upcoming matches at Blackburn 's Ewood Park and Blackpool 's Bloomfield Road .", "The supporters had been on a stadium tour but managed to cut off from the remainder of the party . were found on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium before being handed over to police , decided not to arrest the pair . United say was no risk to supporters attending the Arsenal game . The pair had been searched and belongings put through a metal detector before went on the tour . The incident comes six months after United 's Premier League game against Bournemouth at Old Trafford had to be called off at short notice when a suspect package was found in a toilet in the corner of the stadium . turned out to be a fake explosive left behind after a training exercise earlier in the week .", "Andrew Bickel , 39 , was fixing a light at the Catwel shop in Cardiff two weeks ago when nipped out to van and returned to find tools were gone . said had a call from a lady in the cat charity shop to say tools were there to collect , but with \" no explanation of how , why or when \" . Mr Bickel 's original Facebook post about the mistake went viral . said had enjoyed five minutes of fame afterwards . \" could n't believe ,\" said , \" the phone just did n't stop ringing . \" \" The Sun newspaper came down to where was working and took photographs , television crews wanted to film and even had an offer to appear on Judge Rinder ,\" added . \" 'm just waiting for the call to go into the jungle . \" Mr Bickel said had been offered \u00a3 100 by a magazine for story and , if happened , would donate \u00a3 50 to the cat charity shop and \u00a3 50 to a dog charity shop , after admitting was \" more of a dog person \" . \" 'm just glad no-one has been left out of pocket ,\" said .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Muir told BBC Scotland veterinary medicine studies will mean will not be with the Scotland team at next year 's event on Australia 's Gold Coast . The 24-year-old finished fourth and sixth in the 1500m and 5,000m at the World Athletics Championships . \" exams are n't until May so Commonwealths being in April , 's just not going to work out unfortunately ,\" said the middle distance runner . \" go back to university next week . 've got a week off then back to studies to complete final year . Media playback is not supported on this device \" love running for Scotland whenever can and the Commonwealths are one of the few opportunities can do so , yeah , 'm gutted 'm going to be missing . \" But have to think about getting degree and that was really important to . 'm sure the team 's going to do so , so well . 're going to do great . \" think 've got at least two , even three more Olympics in . events ? do n't know . Certainly , so much scope for the future . \" However , Muir says the World Indoor Championships in March are \" potentially a target \" . \" These next few months are going to be very full on with studies ,\" explained . \" feel like 'm in reasonable shape . 'd like to run in Birmingham . \" Hellen Obiri upset defending world champion Almaz Ayana to win 5,000m gold in London , with Sifan Hassan third . Muir 's time of 14 minutes 52.07 seconds was new outdoor personal best . \" 'm really happy ,\" said after Sunday 's race . \" was really tough competition out there . 'm delighted with that . 'm really , really pleased with how ran . \" fifth race in 10 days - 's a lot of running and to still come away with that think 's a lot of potential for the future . \"", "The former Newcastle striker , 26 , was jailed for eight months in May after admitting online banking fraud . Southend boss Phil Brown expects Ranger to return to training before first League One game on 5 August . \" When the season starts , 'll try to get games behind closed doors so can get a level of match fitness ,\" Brown told BBC Essex . After Ranger pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud by obtaining bank details and transferring money , Southend said would consider the player 's future . Speaking after pre-season friendly defeat by Brighton on Tuesday , Brown said : \" Nile has to understand that these players are playing with discipline and have done for the last three or four weeks . \" The best will get out of Nile is probably a week 's work and that wo n't be enough for to be fit for the [ start of the ] season . \" Ranger joined Southend in August 2016 and scored eight goals in 27 league appearances last season .", "The patrols at Camber Sands in East Sussex will be funded with \u00c2 \u00a3 51,000 allocated by Rother District Council as part of annual budget . Councillor Sally-Ann Hart said the council needed to act after the \" significant and unprecedented \" deaths . Families of the men drowned said a lifeguard service could have saved lives . Five men died during a day-trip to the beach last August . A month earlier , two others also lost lives . The council said the beach attracted more than one million people each year . said lifeguards would be present from the late May bank holiday until the end of the summer holidays \" to offer reassurance \" to visitors . Speaking after a council meeting on Monday night , Mrs Hart , the cabinet member for tourism , said : \" thoughts remain with the families of those lost lives . \" The incidents were significant and unprecedented and need to react to the changing circumstances . \" not only need to protect the visiting public , but also the economy and livelihoods of coastal tourism businesses . \" However , stressed the importance of \" people from all communities across Britain being better informed \" on beach and water safety before visit . said : \"[ The beach ] can never be completely risk-free but are committed to investing in beach patrol , the lifeguard service and working with other agencies to ensure visitors to the beach are aware of the dangers of the sea . \" Full inquests into the deaths are awaited . The council said would act on any recommendations the coroner might make . Five men from south-east London died on 24 August : Two others lost lives in July :", "Archibald was on Swindon Town 's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies . Osman says the loss of Archibald - guided Thistle to a top six finish last season - would be a hard act to follow . \" Since signed , 's only got better , every season . 's no surprise teams are interested in ,\" Osman said . \" do n't want to go anywhere . 's probably one of the best managers have played under . The boys love . just pray stays here for another season . \" Osman 's Partick Thistle team-mate Adam Barton echoes captain 's sentiments . \" would be personally disappointed because has done is really good ,\" the midfielder said . \" As a footballer , like managers really stick by players . come across so many managers chop and change things and have been through that many managers many times . \" New managers come in and do n't even want to see play , just want to bring own players in and chop and change . To see go would not be a good thing . \" Partick Thistle are on the verge of losing promising centre-back Liam Lindsay , has travelled to Barnsley for a medical following the clubs agreeing a fee for the player . Subject to the completion of the medical , Lindsay will sign a three-year deal at Oakwell .", "All 10 had passports confiscated after were detained at Montreal 's Trudeau International Airport at the weekend . Police said in a statement on Tuesday that none of the suspects had been charged , but investigations were ongoing . families have been informed . \" These are very difficult times for the relatives and loved ones of the persons arrested , as the decision to leave the country was not that of the family , but of a single family member ,\" the statement said . \" As a result , family members often find at a complete loss and unable to understand the decision made by the youth . \" Police said could not disclose the identity of the suspects or provide information about led to arrests . Steven Blaney , Canada 's public safety minister , commended the officers for \" continued vigilance \" in protecting communities from \" the ongoing global terror threat \" . Canadian troops are part of a multinational coalition to halt the advance of IS militants in Iraq and Syria . Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced in March that planned to expand the mission and has since pledged $ 139m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 89m ) to help alleviate the growing humanitarian crisis in the region .", "The 21-year-old made debut for the Tigers in the League Cup first-round tie against Accrington Stanley in August . Dixon was captain of the Championship club 's under-21 side . could make debut for the Minstermen , are bottom of the Football League , in Saturday 's match against Newport . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "Colin Shields put Belfast ahead before Scott Aarssen levelled late in the first period . However , second-period goals from Ryan Martinelli and Mark Garside left the Giants in control . Alex Foster increased Belfast 's lead to 4-1 before Steve Saviano completed the scoring with five minutes left . Belfast have a game in hand on the Devils , defeated Coventry Blaze 5-3 on Monday evening . Cardiff are back in action against Blaze on Tuesday while the Giants are at home to Manchester Storm on Wednesday evening as the busy festive period continues . The Giants took the lead after 15:52 on Monday with Shields netting after being set up by James Desmarais and Saviano . Aarssen netted on the powerplay in the last minute of the first period but Martinelli restored the Giants' advantage on 27:41 after combining well with Saviano . Garside then fired into the Braehead net on 33:50 before Foster 's powerplay effort on 51:45 and Saviano 's concluding goal on 55:18 . After Wednesday 's game against Manchester , Braehead Clan are the visitors on Friday before Coventry Blaze take on the Giants at the SSE Arena on 2 January .", "25 February 2016 Last updated at 10:01 GMT Having undergone significant restoration , will make first journey in ten years along the East Coast mainline . The steam engine was initially built in Doncaster , but took name from the Edinburgh to London service on ran . After the last original locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966 , the train toured the world , becoming an icon of British engineering . Video produced by BBC Rewind", "is one of 249 men suing the Catholic Church over alleged historical sexual abuse at St William 's residential school in Market Weighton . Only one man out of five initial cases heard at the High Court in Leeds has been awarded compensation . In December , a judge ruled in favour of one claimant and ordered the church to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 14,000 in damages . At the same hearing , Honour Judge Gosnell dismissed three other claims . More on this and other East Yorkshire stories In January 2016 the former head of St William 's James Carragher was jailed for the third time after was found guilty of sexually abusing boys . Carragher , 75 , had already been sentenced to 21 years in prison for sexually abusing boys and was jailed for a further nine years in January . was jailed for seven years in 1993 and a further 14 years in 2004 for offences committed at St William 's , closed in 1992 . Co-defendant Anthony McCallen , 69 , a former chaplain at St William 's , was sentenced to 15 years in prison for a series of historical sex offences . was acquitted of eight other charges at the same trial . The De La Salle Brothers , a Christian order of lay teachers , ran the school in conjunction with the Diocese of Middlesbrough , has apologised \" unreservedly \" for the abuse . Another set of compensation claims is expected to be heard in late 2017 .", "The film , written by JK Rowling and starring Eddie Redmayne as Newt Scamander , took a total of \u00a3 15.3m . is the third highest opening weekend from the JK Rowling series , behind the two final Harry Potter films . Warner Bros executive Josh Berger said : \" are thrilled with the huge response from British and Irish audiences . \" The film also worked magic at North American cinemas , taking an estimated $ 75m (\u00a3 61m ) over the weekend - more than the rest of the US box office top 10 combined . Harry Potter creator Rowling has planned scripts for a total of five films in the series . The first instalment is set in New York , and tells the story of a fictional author mentioned in the Potter stories . Redmayne plays the part of the animal-loving magizoologist Newt Scamander , visits New York 's secret community of witches and wizards . The film is set 70 years before Harry Potter reads book at school , Hogwarts . has received broadly positive reviews from critics . The opening weekend haul in the US and Canada was lower than for any of the Harry Potter films , however . Elsewhere in the box office charts , Benedict Cumberbatch 's Doctor Strange fell to second with $ 17.7m (\u00a3 14.3m ) , with Trolls third on $ 17.5m (\u00a3 14.1m ) . Sci-fi movie Arrival , starring Amy Adams , took fourth spot with $ 11.8m (\u00a3 9.5m ) , while the comedy Almost Christmas , starring Danny Glover and Gabrielle Union , rounded out the top five with $ 7m (\u00a3 5.7m ) . Follow on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 22-year-old fractured neck and back , dislocated pelvis and slipped a disc in neck after colliding with Elis Ligtlee during the omnium final . Norfolk 's Williamson spent four weeks in hospital after January 's accident . \" were pretty sure paralysis was going to be the outcome while was in Rotterdam , but luckily pulled through ,\" told BBC Look East . \" Being an athlete , think said because neck and back were so strong was able to withstand the force . \" Although did break a few bones , spinal cord stayed intact and 'm here to live another day . \" Racing at the event was cancelled after the 2013 World Championships bronze medallist 's crash , with fans asked to leave the velodrome . \" have no memories , is probably pretty good ,\" said . \" 's not going to put off in the future ,\" said . \" remember holding onto the fence getting ready to roll up to the final and then next thing know was in hospital and someone was telling 'd had an accident . just responded with ' did win ?' . That was all was worried about . \" Williamson hopes to be back \" easy riding \" on a bike by the end of the summer and says has the right support around to make a full recovery . Media playback is not supported on this device \" 'm going to get back on a bike eventually ,\" added . \" 've got no timescale yet , but do n't know level 'll be able to get to . 'll give a good go . \" 've got the full support team behind , 've got physios , doctors . 've got the world 's best . At the end of the day , 're a great programme , so 've got every chance of getting back to where was . \"", "Former Association of Police and Crime Commissioners ( APCC ) chief executive Nazir Afzal was advised against doing so by the organisation 's board . This was because of potentially controversial policing issues could have been raised on the show . But Mr Afzal stepped down and appeared on the programme on 25 May . The APCC said : \" Nazir told the board that intended to go on Question Time to discuss the recent events in Manchester . \" The board , made up of all parties , advised that would be inappropriate for to do so , given the number of contentious issues relating to policing could be raised especially in discussion with politicians were appearing and during purdah . \" resigned from post in order to make this appearance . thank for service during year at the APCC . \" Mr Afzal joined the APCC last year . The association said Mr Afzal signed a contract confirming that would not do any media without the consent of the board . This was essential because the APCC was apolitical and the role of the chief executive was politically restricted , said . Mr Afzal tweeted : \" Given media calls confirm that 've resigned as Chief Executive of country 's police & crime commissioners . 'm not saying anything publicly . \" Introduced in England and Wales in 2012 , PCCs must : Source : Association of Police and Crime Commissioners Mr Afzal is a former Crown chief prosecutor for north-west England . was announced would step down in March 2015 . led several high-profile prosecutions , including the Rochdale grooming trial . was awarded an OBE in 2004 for services to law and the local community , Get news from the BBC in inbox , each weekday morning", "Earlier this month , NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21 % of salmon and 25 % of sea trout dying each year , as migrate to and from local rivers . Tidal Lagoon Power ( TLP ) said the claims had no \" clear scientific basis \" . NRW said figures were based on the \" best available evidence \" received . In a briefing note sent to AMs and seen by BBC Wales , TLP disputed NRW 's figures and claimed that the regulator refused to share methodology for calculating . \" Without clear scientific basis NRW has recently published figures based in these ' if ' scenarios despite request to consider the evidence needed to back up prior to publication ,\" the briefing said . \" These scenarios give unrealistic and grossly misleading impact figures [ on fish ],\" the briefing adds . TLP said that computer modelling carried out by experts on behalf estimated a \" worst case scenario \" of the lagoon killing 2 % of all species of fish . The \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn Swansea tidal lagoon project is being viewed by the firm as a test bed for much larger and more cost effective versions around the coast , including Cardiff , Newport and Colwyn Bay . UK government ministers are considering the findings of a six-month review of the viability of the scheme , is yet to be published . Wales' Environment Secretary Lesley Griffiths said the Welsh Government was \" very supportive \" of the scheme . But said both and the industry needed clarity on the UK government 's position in the \" very , very near future . \" NRW said strongly disagreed with TLP 's criticism , was \" very surprised and disappointed by \" . Gareth O'Shea , an NRW executive director , said : \" have received a vast amount of evidence on this subject from the applicant and have held detailed discussions with the developer for a year-and-a-half where have shared a huge amount of information , data and methodology . \" This has been assessed by independent experts and own technical experts , and have the utmost confidence that is the best evidence available to enable to make the right decision for the environment in Wales , as are legally bound to do . \"", "had already been announced the 30-year-old would leave the Warriors when contract expires this summer . The South Africa-born forward becomes Sale 's first new signing for next season . \" Josh is a world class ball-carrying forward ,\" said Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond . \" has been performing well for both Glasgow and Scotland over the past five years and will complement the squad in the ball-carrying department . \" Strauss joined Glasgow from Super Rugby side Lions in 2012 and , after three years of residency , qualified to play for Scotland in time for the 2015 World Cup . Number eight Strauss has been sidelined by a kidney injury sustained during the Six Nations defeat by France , ruling out of the rest of the tournament . \" Since coming to the UK always had in the back of mind that wanted to play in the Premiership ,\" said Strauss . \" have really enjoyed time with the Warriors , but asked agent to look around for . came back with Sale Sharks have a good name , a good record in the Premiership and looked an attractive proposition . \"", "Flight MU736 was heading from Sydney , Australia to Shanghai , but the pilot reported problems with the engine about one hour after taking off . Passengers , had to spend the night in Sydney , told media smelt something burning inside the aircraft . The Airbus A330 landed safely and were no reports of injuries . Images circulating on social media showed a large hole in the engine casing . Several passengers said had heard a loud sound coming from the left engine shortly after take-off . One passenger told Australia 's Seven News network : \" All of a sudden heard this noise ... kind of smelt like burning \" . \" was really scared . group was terrified . \" One woman on the flight told news agency Reuters : \" The cabin crew went out and told to fasten seatbelts and tried to calm down , but were actually very panicked because had no idea was happening . \" Passengers said the crew cleared the seats near the affected engine . China Eastern Airlines said in a statement to the media that the crew had \" observed the abnormal situation of the left engine and decided to return to Sydney airport immediately \" . added that all passengers would be placed on flights leaving on Monday . Aviation safety authorities are now investigating . Aviation expert Greg Waldron of consulting firm FlightGlobal told the BBC that would be \" difficult to say at this early juncture caused such extensive damage \" to the China Eastern plane . said investigators would likely look at all possible factors and examine maintenance records of the aircraft and engine . \" will also carefully assess whether a foreign object may have played a role in this ,\" said . Last month , industry websites The Aviation Herald and Aero.de published pictures from social media appearing to show a similar hole in another aeroplane 's engine casing . Mr Waldron added would be \" too early \" to say whether the Sydney incident was linked to other cases , but would be something investigators would consider .", "Katy James was refused leave to remain because British husband Dominic , a self-employed bike dealer , earns less than \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 per year . Mr and Mrs James live in Eastbourne and have a daughter , Madeleine , aged two . Immigration Minister James Brokenshire has written to MP to say after an interval review the Home Office would reconsider application to remain . Caroline Ansell MP wrote on website was confident the government would reverse the decision because \" the three have a right to family life under human rights legislation and because of the impact on young Madeleine should Katy be forced to leave . \" Katy 's father-in-law Jim Needham told BBC Sussex : \" is a great relief , is early days yet but are very hopeful things will progress and justice will be done . \" The couple , married in 2006 , said were victims of a rule change in 2012 requires British citizens with non-EU spouses to prove an income of at least \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 . Mrs James said on Wednesday was \" outrageous \" the Home Office thought a child did not need mother . Legal commentator Joshua Rozenberg said the purpose of the income threshold was to prevent non-Europeans marrying into the UK and becoming a burden on the taxpayer .", "At points throughout the year may introduce a theme for the gallery - this week 's theme is \" love \" . Find out how can submit images and videos below . If have a picture 'd like to share , email at england @ bbc.co.uk , post on Facebook or tweet to @ BBCEngland . can also find on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image there . can also see a recent archive of pictures on England 's Big Picture board on Pinterest . When emailing pictures , please make sure include the following information : Please note that whilst welcome all pictures , are more likely to use those have been taken in the past week . If submit a picture , do so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In contributing to England 's Big Picture agree to grant a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way want , and in any media worldwide . 's important to note , however , that still own the copyright to everything contribute to England 's Big Picture , and that if image is accepted , will publish name alongside . The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and reserve the right to edit comments . At no time should endanger or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind of media .", "Mr Tshibala will be leader until presidential elections later this year . was expelled from Congo 's largest opposition party , the UDPS , last month after contesting the designation of successors to veteran leader Etienne Tshisekedi died in February . Mr Tshibala 's appointment is likely to further divide Mr Kabila 's opponents . Talks to negotiate exit from power broke down last week . Mr Kabila was supposed to step down after second and final five-year term came to an end last year but the vote to replace was not held . The electoral commission cited financial and logistical difficulties . The arrogance of power The failure to organise the polls led to a wave of deadly demonstrations by opposition supporters , with calls from diplomats for the president to respect the constitution . The Roman Catholic Church stepped in to broker a deal at the end of 2016 outlined the creation of a transitional government would oversee the elections . But the deal collapsed because the government and the opposition were unable to agree on the power-sharing mechanism under the arrangement . The country of 71 million people has not had a peaceful transfer of power since independence from Belgium in 1960 .", "Fairfax said on Wednesday would cut 125 editorial jobs - a quarter of newsroom - to absorb slumping revenues . In response , staff will strike until after next week 's federal budget , one of the year 's biggest local news days . Fairfax 's outlets include the Sydney Morning Herald , Melbourne 's The Age and the Australian Financial Review . The latest cuts come in addition to restructuring and cuts in recent years . The Sydney Morning Herald 's chief political correspondent James Massola tweeted \" On strike for a week \" , while colleague Judith Ireland urged that \" quality journalism needs actual journalists to do the job \" . Like most media outlets around the globe , Fairfax is suffering from falling circulation of print editions and declining advertising revenue . The fresh staff cuts were announced along with plans to scale back the use of freelancers . \" While will be looking across all parts of the newsroom , at the end of the redundancy program expect will be significantly fewer editorial management , video , presentation and section writer roles ,\" the publisher is quoted as saying in an internal note . Australia 's Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance , represents the country 's journalists , strongly criticised the planned cuts at Fairfax as a \" dumb move \" . \" This will only undermine and damage mastheads further , alienating audience and leaving the editorial staff remain to work harder and harder to fill the gaps ,\" chief executive Paul Murphy said . Fairfax is the main rival to Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp Australia , is also suffering from falling revenues and also has announced plans to cut jobs .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 17-year-old from Gloucestershire won the champion apprentice trophy in maiden season this year . Marquand has racked up 68 wins across the last 12 months , prompting trainer Hannon to make the comparison with Moore . \" think could be a champion jockey one day ,\" Hannon told BBC Points West . \" would be amazed if does not go right to the top , is the name on everybody 's lips at the moment . \" Marquand 's rapid rise has seen nominated for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015 award . The jockey has been named on the final shortlist for the award , alongside gymnast Ellie Downie and para-swimmer Tully Kearney . \" has achieved is a little bit special ,\" added Hannon . \" is a lovely guy and thoroughly deserves success . is very popular and has endeared with everybody . \" Hannon , has 300 horses based at stables near Marlborough , is the son of former flat jockey champion Richard Hannon Sr . Moore has enjoyed great success under the guidance of Hannon and won the champion apprentice title in 2003 . Since then , Moore has established as one of the most respected flat jockeys in horse racing and was champion jockey in 2006 , 2008 and 2009 . \" Ryan Moore performs on the big stage and is the best jockey in the world at the moment . is so professional and the ultimate jockey and that 's want to be ,\" said Marquand , will find out if has won the BBC award on Sunday . \" is a yard is constantly in the limelight and is big to be attached to somewhere like this . \"", "Officials from Cuba and Norway , the two countries brokering the peace process , said a week of discussions would begin in Havana on 10 December . Colombia 's president stopped the talks after the rebels seized Gen Ruben Dario Alzate and two others on 16 November . The captives were released on Sunday . were handed over to a humanitarian mission led by the International Red Cross and taken to a military base near the city of Medellin before travelling to be reunited with families . \" consider the crisis over and announce that have agreed that the next cycle of conversations will take place between 10 and 17 December ,\" Reuters quoted a joint statement read by a Cuban official as saying . The negotiators said the next round of talks would focus on a de-escalation of the conflict , and on meeting the relatives of victims . also said the parties had agreed to establish a permanent system to deal with any future crises . will reconvene around mid-January , on a date not yet determined . The negotiations have been under way in Havana since November 2012 and aim to bring an end to five decades of conflict , in 220,000 people are estimated to have died . The Red Cross and the Farc said that the handover on Sunday had taken place in a remote location in Choco province , an isolated jungle region on Colombia 's Pacific Coast . Gen Alzate , Cpl Jorge Rodriguez and lawyer Gloria Urrego had been kidnapped 14 days earlier while travelling along the Atrato river by boat . had ventured into territory dominated by the Farc in civilian clothes and without a security detail . The Farc said kidnapped the general because were unhappy that President Juan Manuel Santos had continued military operations against during peace talks . The left-wing rebel group has renewed calls for both sides to call a ceasefire while the peace negotiations proceed . The government has rejected such calls , saying that a truce would only help the rebel group regroup and rearm . Gen Alzate resigned from post on Monday , saying should have taken more security precautions .", "Akpan , 25 , had a goal disallowed for handball in Tuesday 's loss at Sheffield Wednesday , before being shown a red card by Scott Duncan for protests . Blackburn have also been charged with failing to ensure players conducted in an orderly fashion . Akpan and Rovers have until 20 and 21 February respectively to respond . A three-match ban is the standard punishment for a red card for violent conduct . However , is alleged that Akpan 's behaviour constituted violent conduct in circumstances where the standard punishment would otherwise apply is clearly insufficient . is currently banned for three matches , including Sunday 's FA Cup tie with Manchester United . In 1998 , then-Sheffield Wednesday striker Paolo di Canio was banned for 11 games for pushing referee Paul Alcock to the ground . Seven years later , Southampton midfielder David Prutton was suspended for 10 matches after admitting two charges of improper conduct , having pushed referee Alan Wiley and attempting to confront another official .", "The 22-year-old joins an impressive list at the Aegon Open on 4-12 June , including Caroline Wozniacki , Victoria Azarenka , and British top three Johanna Konta , Heather Watson and Naomi Broady . Robson reached world number 27 in July 2013 , but has struggled since returning from a serious wrist injury last year . \" am excited to be returning to Nottingham ,\" Robson said . \" remember how great the grass courts are there . Preparing well on the grass is key ahead of Wimbledon and Nottingham is the perfect place to start . \" really enjoy this time of year , to be able to play in front of a home crowd . is fantastic to see a strong British turnout for the event as the fans always create such a great atmosphere . \"", "A foul smell led residents to the site in March . The government says all the bodies were buried in a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies . But Human Rights Watch says must check to see if any of the people killed during anti-government protests in January have been buried there . Dozens of demonstrators died in protests over a proposed electoral law change would have required a national census to be held before the presidential election could take place . The US-based watchdog Human Rights Watch ( HWR ) has said that bodies went missing during the protests and also during government crackdowns on criminal gangs in the capital last year and in 2013 . Human rights workers first became aware of the burial site after residents of Maluku in Kinshasa reported a terrible smell near the local cemetery more than two weeks ago . A woman working in the field then discovered a limb sticking out of the ground . The DR Congo government has said that the bodies were all buried in individual graves on 19 March . A spokesman said on Monday that would be no exhumations of the bodies .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Toffees will pay about \u00a3 5m compensation for the 53-year-old Dutchman , leaves Saints after two years in charge . Everton have been without a manager since sacked Roberto Martinez just before the end of the 2015-16 season . is expected Koeman 's appointment will be confirmed by Friday . Listen : Saints fans feeling let down by Koeman BBC Radio 5 live 's Football Daily podcast Koeman , has been headhunted by new Everton owner Farhad Moshiri , will sign a deal reported to be worth about \u00a3 6m a year . The former Netherlands international , is on holiday , will take brother Erwin and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg with to Goodison Park . Saints have finished seventh and sixth under Koeman - best Premier League campaigns . Martinez promised Champions League qualification when appointed but Everton finished 11th in 2015-16 , third year at the club . In April , Saints chairman Ralph Krueger said discussions with Koeman over a new deal were progressing \" in a very good direction \" , but added the club was \" not in any real hurry \" . And last month the former Ajax , PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona defender said expected to stay with the Saints for the final year of contract . Koeman made more than 763 appearances as a player , scoring 253 goals , and won the 1988 European Championship with the Netherlands . won the European Cup - now the Champions League - with PSV Eindhoven in 1988 and Barcelona in 1992 , scoring the winner for the latter against Sampdoria at Wembley . also won four domestic league titles apiece in the Netherlands and Spain . Koeman has since managed Vitesse Arnhem , Ajax , Benfica , PSV , Valencia , AZ Alkmaar , Feyenoord and Southampton . has won the Dutch league with both Ajax and PSV . Reaction Former Southampton and England forward Matt le Tissier said was \" disappointed \" and \" quite surprised \" at Koeman 's decision to leave , particularly with Saints playing in the Europa League next season . \" may feel has got a better chance of winning trophies at Everton . 'd be of a slightly different opinion ,\" Le Tissier told BBC Sport . \" understand 've got a new owner and want to splash a bit of cash , but might not be as easy a job as thinks . \" Most clubs in the Premier League are pretty wealthy now and can compete in the transfer market . just have to move on and look to the next man to take forward again . \" The players' loyalty lies with the football club and hopefully will kick on again next season . \"", "The problem is that so many of the initiatives and ideas sold to the country as ground-breaking prove to be business as usual . So the Communities Secretary Sajid Javid went out of way to sound no-nonsense and tough today . accused some English councils of \" fudging \" the numbers on housing need in area and warned that was not going to allow that to happen anymore . But the response to the government 's proposals has been decidedly mixed . Labour 's shadow housing minister John Healey described as \" feeble beyond belief \" . \" Re-treading old ground \" was how the National Association of Commercial Finance Brokers described the White Paper . \" Kicking the can down the road ,\" one big investment fund said . The chief executive of the housebuilder Inland Homes , Stephen Wicks , bemoaned the failure to relax rules on green belt development . \" Brownfield in ca n't possibly sustain the long-term housing requirements of the UK ,\" said . \" can go an awful long way but needs to be a relaxation of some green belt to enable to deliver the numbers are required to do . \" The White Paper does include measures to encourage developers , housing associations and councils to build more affordable homes more quickly , both to rent and to buy . But this government seems to speak with two voices on housing : the communities department wants to shift the balance of power firmly towards new development in places people want to live , but Number 10 and some influential Tory backbenchers are sympathetic to the passionate concerns of those wish to protect the countryside and particularly the green belt . The real question lies behind all the rhetoric and policy bullet-points is whether the balance of power between development and local opposition has fundamentally changed . Ministers now accept England needs 250,000 new homes every year , have described the housing market as \" broken \" and agree that radical change is the only way to mend . But many have yet to be convinced that this White Paper amounts to a \" realistic plan \" to achieve that .", "Robert Thomson , 18 , from Bellshill , was last seen on Friday 3 June and reported missing by family two days later . Police said the body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive , Motherwell , had yet to be formally identified but was believed to be Mr Thomson . A post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause of death , is not being treated as suspicious .", "The Barcelona striker is ahead of team-mate Lionel Messi , is valued by academics at \u00a3 149m . The only England players in the top 10 are Tottenham duo Harry Kane ( worth \u00a3 122m ) and Dele Alli (\u00a3 96m ) . Paul Pogba , joined Manchester United for a record \u00a3 89m in the summer , is worth \u00a3 136.4m . The study has been carried out by a team of academics from the CIES Football Observatory , using a transfer value algorithm . have calculated the value using criteria includes player performance and characteristics , such as age and length of contract . Cristiano Ronaldo , the Ballon d'Or winner and Fifa 's world 's best player , is seventh on the list at \u00a3 111m , with Real Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale 14th and valued at \u00a3 73.8m , less than the \u00a3 85.3m cost the La Liga side in 2013 . Pogba is the only player in the top five not based in Spain , with Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann third at \u00a3 132m and Barcelona 's Luis Suarez fifth (\u00a3 127m ) . are 42 Premier League players in the top 100 including Chelsea 's Eden Hazard (\u00a3 89m ) , Manchester United 's Anthony Martial (\u00a3 81m ) , Manchester City 's Raheem Sterling (\u00a3 75m ) and Leicester City 's Jamie Vardy (\u00a3 45m ) . West Ham midfielder Michail Antonio makes the list at 100 , with a value of \u00a3 31m .", "Yvonne Mosquito , the West Midlands Deputy PCC , was suspended after visiting a murder victim 's family without informing officers . Following a disciplinary in May 2016 , Ms Mosquito had an employment tribunal listed to take place in May 2017 . A joint statement said \" all outstanding matters \" were resolved . A BBC source said Ms Mosquito had received a payout . The Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner said would not comment on whether money had exchanged hands . Allegations against Ms Mosquito related to a visit paid to the family of Kenichi Phillips , 18 , was shot dead in a car in Birmingham , on 17 March 2016 . Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson said actions \" caused ongoing upset and distress \" and \" damaged the relationship \" between the family and police \" in the middle of a complex and sensitive murder investigation \" . supporters insisted visited as an ordained minister wanted to offer condolences to relatives . union Unite rejected the allegations , saying was \" deplorable \" the hearing went ahead in Ms Mosquito 's absence . was issued with a final written warning and contract was never renewed . The BBC previously reported Ms Mosquito wrote a letter of complaint about the PCC 's behaviour towards , of the PCC was aware , four weeks before suspension . A joint statement issued by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) and Ms Mosquito said were \" happy to announce that have amicably settled all outstanding matters between \" . \" Litigation is a stressful business and the parties acknowledge and regret the effects inevitably follow from that ,\" added . The former colleagues thanked each other for work around issues of equality , the statement added .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Winger Niall McGinn also netted as Northern Ireland recovered from opening defeat by Poland to remain in contention for a place in the last 16 . \" People had written off , nobody gave a chance ,\" said defender McAuley . \" 's a very special moment . \" were n't at against Poland and wanted to put right . \" Media playback is not supported on this device The 36-year-old West Brom player became the second-oldest goalscorer at a European Championship by putting Northern Ireland ahead with a 49th-minute header , before substitute McGinn added the second in injury time . was Northern Ireland 's first victory at a major tournament finals in 34 years - since beating hosts Spain at the 1982 World Cup - and the result means Michael O'Neill's side can still progress as a best third-placed team at least . face Germany in final Group C game and , with Ukraine having been eliminated , Northern Ireland will qualify for the knockout stages with a win in Paris on Tuesday . \" let down against Poland in terms of the intensity wanted to play at so had a point to prove to ,\" said McAuley . \" was a wonderful team performance and are delighted for everyone , especially the supporters . \" have something to play for in last game against Germany , is wanted . can take a lot of confidence into that game . \" Media playback is not supported on this device O'Neill made five changes for side 's second group game , including leaving striker Kyle Lafferty on the bench , and the Northern Ireland boss acknowledge was a gamble . \" was some risk attached to changing the team but was a fantastic performance from the entire side ,\" said the 46-year-old . \" could n't have asked any more . The players gave every last ounce of passion and energy and the supporters were magnificent - everything is good about Northern Ireland was in that stadium . \" have given a great chance of finishing third and will try to nick a point , maybe more , against the Germans . \" 'll let the players enjoy this and then minds will switch to Germany . wo n't underestimate . \"", "Lydia Wilkinson said did not know at first whether father Peter was going to survive the stabbing at home in Stourbridge on 30 March . said looking after was a \" massive relief and an opportunity did n't think was going to have \" . \" will miss both so much ,\" the 18-year-old added . Aaron Barley , 23 , of no fixed address , has been charged with murders and with the attempted murder of Mr Wilkinson . Lydia , was at university at the time 50-year-old Tracey and 13-year-old Pierce were stabbed , spoke of devastation . Mrs Wilkinson was pronounced dead at the scene . Pierce died in hospital after paramedics battled to save . \" For especially is a case of taking every day as comes and counting blessings and using the support around , definitely . \" For more on this and other Birmingham and Black Country news paid tribute to staff at Birmingham 's Queen Elizabeth hospital saved father . Lydia had been planning to collect Pierce from school the next day . \" still ca n't believe that will never see again or pick up from school on that Friday like promised to do ,\" said . \" was just so bubbly and full of life and really did light up a room with mannerisms and impressions . \" Mr Wilkinson , spent six days in intensive care , said was \" on the mend \" . suffered facial lacerations , \" dozens of deep stab wounds and almost 100 stitches \" . \" will take some time but obviously the emotional pain will take forever ,\" said . Mr Wilkinson said : \" did n't find out until woke up in intensive care that Pierce had not made . was devastating . Absolutely devastating . \" added wife had been a \" fantastic mum \" and a compassionate , kind person . \" \" was just beautiful , was angel ,\" said .", "Students said the error meant were two possible correct answers to the multiple choice questions . Officials have said will accept two answers as correct in each case , and the head of the national exam board has offered to resign . The annual test determines the academic futures of high school students . South Korean media said the mistake would affect the test scores of about 3,600-4,000 students . \" express deep regret and recognise an urgent need to improve the question-making process ,\" Education Minister Hwang Woo-Yea said in a statement broadcast on television . \" will investigate the root cause of the problem ,\" Mr Hwang said . About 640,000 students sat the nine-hour standardised test , called the College Scholastic Ability Test , on 13 November at 1,216 testing sites across the country , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said . Many students engage in intense studying for years in preparation for the exam , often with the involvement of parents in is an extremely competitive academic environment . A good score would mean a spot in one of South Korea 's top universities . The suspect multiple-choice questions , one in the biology exam and one in the English language paper , sparked an uproar with parents and students complaining to the website of the Korea Institute for Curriculum and Evaluation ( KICE ) administers the exam . Last year 's exam was also controversial because of a mistake in one of the questions in the world geology section . After a year-long legal battle , Seoul High Court ruled in favour of four students said the question was flawed . \" did best this year to prevent erroneous questions ... but again were faulty questions , causing chaos and inconvenience among exam takers , parents and teachers ,\" said Kim Sung-Hoon , head of KICE .", "Gloucester have played away from Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007 . In September , planning permission was approved to permit initial work on building a new ground for Gloucester . The University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds , are in the third tier of rugby league , currently play in Cheltenham but want a permanent home . All Golds president Lionel Hurst told BBC Radio Gloucestershire : \" have met with those own the club . \" can see that makes considerable sense . will need to have more meetings . \" are a long way from getting over the line on this , but watch this space . are constantly seeking own permanent base for the club . \" Rugby league and football are very good friends throughout the land . would be a very significant partnership if happened . \"", "In July , Conor McGinn , is from south Armagh , claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning father . followed an interview in called for Mr Corbyn to \" reach out beyond comfort zone \" . A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said at the time that was \" untrue \" . The St Helens MP told BBC Radio Four 's Westminster Hour : \" The modus operandi ( Mr Corbyn ) and the people around were trying to do , involving family , was to isolate and ostracise from and from the community am very proud to come from - is an Irish , nationalist community in south Armagh . \" The MP claimed that after spoke out about Mr Corbyn in May , got a call from the Labour whips' office saying the party leader had initially asked for resignation and then considered sacking . But subsequently , through spokesman , had asked for an apology and retraction , Mr McGinn refused to make . The MP said then texted the Labour leader to make clear no offence was intended and reiterate that friendship was important to and asking for a meeting . received no response , but said was then informed by the whips' office that Mr Corbyn had proposed asking the MP 's father , Pat , to intervene . Pat McGinn was Sinn F\u00e9in councillor in Newry for many years , serving as the council 's mayor between 2005 and 2006 .", "Wiggins and Cavendish are among eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic Games to be involved , along with Dutch road race silver medallist Tom Dumoulin . Owain Doull , won team pursuit gold with GB in Rio and was third in the 2015 Tour of Britain , will also race . The eight-day event concludes in London on 11 September . \" The field for this year 's Tour of Britain is without parallel , with star quality wherever look among the teams ,\" said race director Mick Bennett . Thirty-time Tour de France stage winner Cavendish will make first appearance since winning omnium silver at the Olympics , in a field also features omnium gold medallist and Team Sky rider Elia Viviani of Italy , as well as the Manxman 's sprint rival Andre Greipel of Germany . Wiggins is joined by Dylan van Baarle as former Tour of Britain winners in the field . A total of 21 teams will take part , including 11 UCI World Tour outfits , the highest number to have competed in Britain since the 2014 Tour de France Grand Depart . Seven British teams will compete , led by Team Sky and also including Team Wiggins and a Great Britain national team . The rider list also includes six current national road race champions , led by British champion Adam Blythe , will ride for Great Britain . are also six national time trial champions , including former UCI world hour record holders Alex Dowsett and Rohan Dennis and three-time world time trial champion Tony Martin .", "Ronald Chigunwe worked for Wessex Heartbeat , supports the cardiac centre at Southampton General Hospital . The 40-year-old , of Breadels Field , Basingstoke , pleaded guilty to four offences of fraud and money laundering . However , denied four other charges of money laundering . The Crown Prosecution Service will now decide whether should face trial . A decision is due within the next 14 days . The fraud was uncovered when a new chief executive took over at the charity and became suspicious after asking Chigunwe for financial information . The chief executive 's wife - an accounts expert - was asked to look at the records and discovered the fraud .", "The victim was attacked because son had eloped with an upper-caste girl about a month ago . has alleged that police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon . The incident took place in Mulgaon village on Monday afternoon but reports of the atrocity have just come out . The village in Satara district falls in the constituency of the state 's Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan . \" The women pushed to the ground , took off sari and started beating up with chappals [ slipper ] and a stick . pulled hair ,\" the victim told a television channel . said the beatings continued for two hours . On Wednesday , police arrested five people , including the eloped girl 's parents . Dalits , formerly known as \" untouchables \" , are at the bottom of the Hindu caste system in India . Although caste discrimination is illegal , biases remain in many areas .", "The company is in talks with several Japanese lenders over money needs to reorganise business in the wake of a massive accounting scandal . The embattled electronics giant is hoping for loans of up to 250bn yen ($ 2.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 1.6bn ) , said Nikkei daily . Toshiba confirmed was in talks but said the details had not been decided . The Nikkei daily said Sumitomo Mitsui Banking , Mizuho Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank were like to provide the funds as early as this month . The funds are vital for the survival of the Japanese conglomerate as streamlines bloated businesses , poor performances had gone unnoticed during almost a decade of false accounting . The restructuring comes after the company admitted in 2015 had overstated profits by $ 1.3bn over seven years . As part of the efforts to balance books , the firm has announced major job cuts and the selling of several plants and units to external investors . Toshiba currently employs almost 200,000 people . shares have lost about 40 % of value since April last year , when news of the profit overstatement began to emerge . In July , chief executive , president and six other high-level executives resigned from the company . Toshiba , is involved in a wide-range of industries from electronics to nuclear energy , was founded in 1875 and launched the world 's first mass-market laptop in 1985 .", "Set 284 for victory , England reached 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah - record fourth-innings run chase in Asia is 209 in 2010 . Bowler Anderson said : \" 'd happily lose 2-0 trying to chase the total . \" know is going to turn and have got some world-class spinners , so are going to have to bat very well . \" added : \" have got some world-class batsman in line-up . are going to have to pull fingers out and bat really well . \" Mohammad Hafeez hit 151 as Pakistan - 146-3 overnight - were bowled out for 355 in second innings . Jonny Bairstow missed a stumping off Adil Rashid in the first over of day four with Hafeez on 97 , and the opener was dropped by Stuart Broad on 113 . England lost Moeen Ali for 22 and Ian Bell for a duck in the space of 13 balls before the close . Alastair Cook , hit an unbeaten century when England successfully chased 209 to beat Bangladesh by nine wickets at Dhaka in 2010 , will resume on 17 and Joe Root six on Thursday . \" Hopefully , can get a couple of big partnerships and a couple of big individual scores ,\" added Anderson , took 2-52 . \" are going to have to bat the whole day to win or draw . \" \" England are not totally out of but chances have gone from one in six to one in 15 or 20 ,\" former England batsman Geoffrey Boycott told BBC Test Match Special . \" Joe Root and Alastair Cook are quality players but did n't look at ease . If go is all over . \" Former England captain Michael Vaughan added : \" 's been a tough day for England . Hafeez 's innings could be the difference . \" Pakistan are favourites but just never know if England can get one player to 100 . 's a 15 % chance of an England win . \" Listen to Geoffrey Boycott 's review of each day 's play on the TMS podcast Listen to commentary highlights from the series on Pint-Sized TMS", "Gatland says Henry indicated to players at the outset of the trip of Australia would be selected for the Test matches . says that meant compatriot \" lost half the team on day one \" . \" The players knew straight away was the Test side and was making up the numbers ,\" said the New Zealander . Gatland , on Wednesday named side to face the Provincial Barbarians in the tour opener on Saturday , says each of 41-man squad is in contention to face the All Blacks . \" Keeping harmony in the squad is paramount ,\" said . \" 's about giving everyone an opportunity . \" 's important these guys feel like are putting in the shop window and have a chance to prove , and with a little bit of luck are in contention for the Tests . Media playback is not supported on this device Owen Farrell and Johnny Sexton appear to be in competition for the fly-half spot after Gatland reiterated sees the Englishman as a \" world-class 10 \" , rather than a centre . Irishman Sexton starts on Saturday , with Farrell on the bench . \" The players are pretty aware about the competition in that position ,\" Gatland said . \" Johnny gets a start on Saturday , and the other two [ Farrell and Dan Biggar ] will get a start in the next two games . \" Gatland 's son Bryn will start for the Provincial Barbarians at fly-half . \" spoke to Bryn last night and 's enjoying the week ,\" Gatland Sr said . \" 'll catch up tomorrow , and 'll expect to have to make a few tackles on the weekend . \" have n't spoken too much about the game but 's excited about the opportunity . \"", "The 24-year-old , played 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock last season , will compete with James Tavernier . Hodson started career at Watford and played 51 games in three seasons at MK Dons after a loan at Brentford . joins new faces Matt Gilks , Clint Hill , Joey Barton , Niko Kranjcar , Jordan Rossiter , Matt Crooks and Josh Windass at Ibrox . Rangers paid an undisclosed fee for Hodson , was part of Northern Ireland 's squad at Euro 2016 , but did not feature in any of four matches .", "Those selling the illicit weapons often disassembled and sent in different packages or embedded in old stereos or printers , the report found . Researchers found that firearms and related goods generated 136 sales per month and a monthly revenue of $ 80,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 62,000 ) . The firearms trade has gained attention following recent terrorist attacks . The dark net is a part of the internet requires specific software to access , in order for users to remain anonymous . While the trade was unlikely to fuel large-scale terrorist operations , had the potential to become the platform of choice for \" lone-wolf \" terrorists to obtain weapons and ammunition , the report said . Non-profit organisation Rand Corporation Europe , working with Manchester University , found 52 unique vendors selling weapons or similar items such as ammunition , explosives , or components such as silencers across 811 listings and 18 markets . Police believe the 2016 Munich shooting , left nine people dead , used weapons purchased on the dark net . Lead author of the research , Giacomo Persi Paoli , said : \" Recent high-profile cases have shown that the threat posed by individuals or small groups obtaining weapons illegally from the dark web is real . \" The ability to not only arm criminals and terrorists , can make virtually anonymous purchases , but also vulnerable and fixated individuals is perhaps the most dangerous aspect . \" Guns account for less than 1 % of items sold on the platform , with main trade being in narcotics . Nevertheless , the volume being sold \" can be considered sufficiently high to be a cause of concern for policy makers and law enforcement agencies \" , said the report . The study involved collecting data from 12 dark net marketplaces during a week in September 2016 . Most of those selling guns were based in the US , but Europe was the most popular destination for the weapons sold . Judith Aldridge , co-investigator on the study , said : \" In very simple terms , anyone can connect to the dark web and within minutes have access to a variety of vendors offering products , are most often illegal . \" The dark web enables illegal trade at a global level , removing some of the geographical barriers between vendors and buyers , while increasing the personal safety of both buyers and sellers through a series of anonymising features obscure identities . \"", "The comedian and actor has been married to Malaak Compton-Rock for 19 years . A statement issued through lawyer confirmed the split : \" Chris Rock has filed for divorce from wife , Malaak . \" This is a personal matter and Chris requests privacy as and Malaak work through this process and focus on family . \" The couple have two children together , daughters , Lola Simone , 12 , and Zahra Savannah , 10 . Chris Rock once joked during a routine : \" Relationships are hard , man . In order for any relationship to work both of have to be on the same page . \" both have to have the same focus . And that focus is ... 's all about . \" Chris Rock made name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s . The 49-year-old then went onto forge a successful TV career before appearing in films like Dr Dolittle and Madagascar . In latest film , Top Five , Rock plays a comedian is persuaded into having upcoming wedding screened as part of a reality TV show . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Paul Mason , of Ipswich , used to weigh 70 stone ( 440kg ) but has lost more than 40 stone ( 254kg ) with the help of gastric band surgery . hopes the procedures in New York will help shed seven stone ( 44kg ) . visa application had been delayed due to a previous criminal conviction . Mr Mason still needs to raise about \u00c2 \u00a3 7,000 towards surgery-related costs . was in the US in December for a consultation with Dr Jennifer Capla , offered to remove excess skin for free after hearing that the NHS would not perform the operations as quickly as Mr Mason hoped . However , plans to make a quick return to the country were delayed when visa application was referred to Homeland Security in March , because of a conviction for fraud in 1986 . has now received visa and had been due to have surgery on 20 October . But this has been postponed as needs to raise $ 12,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 7,400 ) to cover the post-surgery costs , include accommodation and medicine . is due to fly out later this week . Last time was in the US appeared on The View TV programme , where accepted a marriage proposal from girlfriend , Rebecca Mountain , lives in Massachusetts .", "In a study on mice , Hsp90 inhibitors were found to strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments . This makes the drugs particularly promising for treating drug-resistant cancers , the research team said . Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK . About one in eight men will get prostate cancer at some point in lives . mainly affects men over the age of 50 . The cancer can sometimes be treated successfully with hormone treatments , target androgen receptors linked to the growth of male hormones called androgens . But some prostate cancers do n't work that way . Instead create an abnormal form of androgen receptor is not linked to the growth of hormones and therefore does not respond to standard hormone treatment . This is the most common form of resistance in prostate cancer leads to aggressive , difficult-to-treat cancers . The latest research , published in the journal Cancer Research , found that a new class of drugs reduced production of both receptors . Professor Paul Workman , study author and chief executive of the Institute of Cancer Research , said was an exciting discovery . \" call Hsp90 inhibitors ' network drugs' because tackle several of the signals are hijacked in cancer all at once , across a network rather than just a single signalling pathway . \" These drugs can hit cancer harder than those targeting only one protein , and look promising for preventing or overcoming drug resistance . \" Prof Workman said the next step was to test the Hsp90 inhibitors in clinical trials on patients with aggressive , drug-resistant prostate cancer . Prof Johann de Bono , a professor of experimental cancer medicine at the Institute of Cancer Research , said : \" These drugs are already in clinical trials for several types of cancer , and am excited that work suggests could also benefit men with prostate cancer have otherwise run out of treatment options . \"", "\" This will give all European Leagues total freedom to schedule matches as see fit ,\" said the European Professional Football Leagues group . The agreement ended on 15 March . had been in place between the EPFL and Uefa to boost attendances and television viewing figures for European matches . Arsenal 's FA Cup replay against Hull City in March 2016 was given special dispensation to be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16 . Manchester City hosted Stoke City in a rearranged Premier League fixture last month on the same night as the Champions League last-16 ties between Barcelona and Paris St-Germain , and Borussia Dortmund and Benfica . The Premier League said the scheduling of the match on Wednesday , 8 March was \" unavoidable \" , was reported . was also reported in April 2013 that the Football Association was fined \u00a3 1.1m for allowing domestic matches to be played on the same night as European games . The EPFL said will hold a general assembly of member leagues in Geneva on 6 June .", "The 19-year-old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday . Officers cordoned off an area of the park as part of investigation , and were believed to be following a positive line of inquiry . Anyone with information was asked to contact Police Scotland .", "Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday 's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley 's sacking . Swansea want to appoint new boss as soon as possible , with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice . \" 've got to go with somebody will to get out of trouble ,\" said . \" If were to go down - and 's obviously that possibility - look at the Championship and seems to have got a lot stronger . 's not a foregone conclusion [ to go straight back up ] . \" know Norwich and Burnley have done but 's difficult . Newcastle look like 'll do but 're a big , powerful club can hang on to a lot of top players . 'm not sure 'd be able to do that . \" If go down , 's going to be tough to get back . \" Swansea were promoted to the Premier League in 2011 and quickly established a reputation as a well-run club with a team played exciting , possession-based football . promotion capped a remarkable rise from the brink of bankruptcy a decade earlier and almost being relegated out of the Football League altogether in 2003 . Curtis - a former player was at the club throughout rise up the divisions - believes the Swans have not been the same since Michael Laudrup left in 2014 . \" think have [ lost way ] . 's just the change of management all the time ,\" Curtis added . \" The best eras were Roberto Martinez , Brendan Rodgers and Michael Laudrup . But 've probably lost a bit of the ' Swansea Way ' . has been diluted . \" 've lost quite a few players too but have adequately replaced ? \" Media playback is not supported on this device Curtis believes the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay up , and the 62-year-old reminds every new signing of how far the club has come . \" know a lot of the foreign boys have seen [ the documentary ] Jack to a King . So 've got a brief history of where were and where are now ,\" said . \" might not be 100 % passionate about but know where came from and how important is [ to stay up ] . Not just for the club but for the whole area . \"", "Data shows that the total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12 % on the previous year 's figures . Graduates start repaying debt once income reaches \u00a3 21,000 but after 30 years outstanding debt is written off . For those repaying loans in 2017 the average sum owed at the start of repayment was \u00a3 19,280 . That compares with \u00a3 32,220 for English students , \u00a3 20,990 for Northern Irish students and \u00a3 11,740 for Scottish students do not pay fees if study in Scotland . The figures come from the Student Loans Company and cover 2016 / 17 . Welsh domiciled students have been able to claim a grant towards tuition fees since 2012-13 - a sum of \u00a3 4,954 in 2017-18 . But the grants are due to be scrapped from 2018-19 with help for maintenance costs introduced instead , under plans unveiled last year . At the end of 2016-17 were 304,900 borrowers of higher education student loans in Wales , with 191,100 liable for repayment . As of the end of April 2017 are 41,430 borrowers had fully repaid , amounting to 16.4 % of the overall total . The data covers Welsh domiciled students studying in higher education in the UK and EU students studying in Wales .", "The unnamed man was stopped at Turin Airport wearing a pilot 's uniform and using forged ID cards , police said . was charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation . The suspect led police to a garage containing neatly pressed white shirts with epaulets , black trousers and jackets , like those worn by pilots . No motive for the man 's actions was reported immediately . Police have established sat as \" third pilot \" in the cockpit of an Air Dolomiti plane flew from Munich to Turin in April . did not touch the controls , however . Air Dolomiti is part of the German airline Lufthansa , gave no details when approached by the Associated Press news agency but insisted could not have boarded the plane without a ticket . Investigators are now trying to establish if the man flew on other planes . Police had long been investigating the suspect , had allegedly created a fake identity as a Lufthansa pilot named Andrea Sirlo , complete with a Facebook page included fake flight attendant friends . said had been alerted several months ago after introduced as a captain to a civil aviation lieutenant , became suspicious because seemed too young for the job . Police tracked down from photos on Facebook profile , in is apparently shown posing in uniform and sunglasses in front of planes . Officers approached in a bar outside Turin Airport 's check-in area , dressed in a pilot 's uniform with no company logo on , and sipping coffee . In the garage , officers also found fake IDs and fake flight theory manuals , the Italian news agency Ansa reports . \" On at least one occasion in 2012 , pretending to be a pilot of a foreign commercial airline , and with a fake name , succeeded in flying as the third pilot in the cockpit ,\" police said in a statement . According to Ansa , a flight took place on 6 April . In addition , a profile on a website where users can track flights also shows a \" Pilot Andrea Sirlo \" flying from Munich Airport to Turin on 23 October last year . The case has echoes of the 2002 Hollywood film Catch If Can , in Leonardo Di Caprio played Frank Abagnale , a real-life con-man flew as a fake Pan American pilot in the 1960s . Sirlo is the name of a flight corridor over Turin .", "The UK must go further to ensure those settling learn English \" so can be more integrated into country \" . Asked about the issue at Prime Minister 's Questions , Mr Cameron said the last government had made progress on the issue , but more had to be done . agreed parents should be responsible for making sure children speak English . Conservative MP for Keighley Kris Hopkins asked if the PM agreed that was \" a responsibility and an obligation \" on parents to make sure children can speak English when start school . Mr Cameron replied : \" completely agree ... in too many cases this is n't happening . \" Since last autumn , people from outside the EU applying for a visa to join spouse or partner now have to prove have a basic command of English before application is approved . Previously , visa applicants had to show only that marriage or partnership was genuine and that could financially support . The prime minister told the Commons : \" The last government did make some progress on making sure people learnt English when came to country , think need to go further . \" If look at the figures for the number of people are brought over as husbands and wives , particularly from the Indian sub-continent , should be putting in place - and will be putting in place - tougher rules to make sure do learn English and so when come , if come , can be more integrated into country . \" The weekly session of Prime Minister 's Questions was dominated by foreign affairs with Labour leader Ed Miliband focusing all six questions on events in Egypt and the UK 's mission in Afghanistan . Mr Miliband , visited Afghanistan for the first time as Labour leader last week , paid an extended tribute to soldiers' work there , acknowledged the difference in the Commons session from the normal political point scoring . Mr Cameron welcomed the opportunity to have a \" serious conversation \" about the work of British soldiers in Afghanistan , saying wanted politicians to discuss efforts , although also noted many MPs often \" preferred a bunfight \" about domestic issues .", "The Joseph Rowntree Foundation said the number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013 . Chief executive Julia Unwin said action to help pensioners was balanced by a \" worrying rise \" in working people struggling to \" make ends meet \" . The UK government said plan for a national living wage would help people . \" Work is the best route out of poverty and employment in Wales is at record levels ,\" a spokesman said . A Welsh government spokesman added : \" Despite recent improvements to the Welsh economy , do , however , recognise in-work poverty is a growing issue and are working hard to support low-income households and deliver more well-paid jobs for the Welsh economy . \" are helping more adults access full-time employment , supporting second-earners into work and are also improving people 's skills to enable to progress in the workplace . \" People are classed as being in poverty if household earns or receives less than 60 % of the national average income of around \u00c2 \u00a3 450 a week , adjusted for family size .", "Correspondents said the atmosphere at schools was subdued and many pupils had not returned . said parents had been taken by surprise by the government 's decision to reopen schools with only four days' notice and many were not prepared . More than 8,400 people have died in West Africa in the world 's worst outbreak of the Ebola virus . The reopening of schools in Guinea comes four days after the UN said the number of confirmed Ebola cases in the country had fallen to lowest weekly total since August . At one school in the Guinean capital , Conakry , only about 220 of the approximately 2,000 pupils were reported to have returned . Of the 36 teachers , more than half were back at work . Many schools have introduced health precautions , including hand-washing and temperature checks . Ebola has had a severe impact not only on public health but also on the Guinean economy . Unemployment and underemployment have risen , leaving many parents with difficulties meeting school-related expenses at the beginning of a new academic year . Schools remain closed in Sierra Leone and Liberia , the two other countries hit hard by the Ebola outbreak . Earlier this month , the outgoing head of the UN team fighting Ebola , Anthony Banbury , said believed cases of the virus would be brought down to zero by the end of 2015 .", "Seventeen-year-old Sylvia Fleming was pregnant when was murdered in Omagh in 1998 by Stephen Scott . was sentenced to life , but has been taking part in a pre-release scheme . The prison service said the Victim Information Scheme ( PRVIS ) gives victims an opportunity to provide and receive information about prisoners . Miss Fleming went missing in April 1998 . body parts were found under the foundations of a partially-built house eight weeks later . Sentencing Scott in 2000 , the judge described as \" thoroughly evil \" . said : \" The manner in body was disposed of after murder is surely the most gruesome . \" am satisfied that , Scott , not only deliberately killed this young girl but that planned that killing and carried out in circumstances so squalid that would revolt any right-thinking person . \" sister , Josie Fleming , told BBC Radio Foyle was contacted by someone had spotted the killer painting a fence . \" Even though knew the time was coming are angry and fearful ,\" said . \" need to let know when is due for official release - 's important for to know when this evil person will be free to walk the streets . \" Miss Fleming said believes Scott is \" capable of anything \" and should never be freed . \" took into flat , tied up in a bed and put a blindfold over eyes and covered mouth with tape ,\" Ms Fleming said . \" injected with insulin and when passed away put in the attic and then took down and put in the bath to cut up . \" \" never can come to terms with happened , 're learning to live with but 'll never , ever get over . \" In a statement , the prison service said those register with the Victim Information Scheme will get details about a person convicted of a crime against . will receive details about any temporary release a prisoner is granted , the month and year in a prisoner is expected to be released , any conditions of the prisoner 's release and any breaches of those conditions result in the prisoner 's return to custody . In the case of life-sentence prisoners , the victim can obtain information about the minimum number of years the life prisoner must serve , when the life prisoner is being considered for release and have the opportunity to give views when the prisoner is considered for final release .", "The Aberdeenshire-based company said had been an \" unprecedented response \" to Equity for Punks USA crowdfunding initiative . BrewDog hopes to raise up to $ 50m within six months to help fund expansion in North America . Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus , Ohio . is scheduled to open later this year . Shares in the funding round cost $ 47.50 each , with a minimum investment of $ 95 . According to BrewDog , more than 1,200 people have already signed up to the scheme . On website , the company said : \" This unprecedented response to first crowdfunding round in the States shows the demand for beer in America , and sets up with a community of like-minded individuals ready and waiting to help make US business an explosive success . \" Equity for Punks USA investment scheme is the fifth fundraising venture by the brewery , and first in the US . The Ellon-based company has raised more than \u00a3 26m since launching first Equity for Punks crowdfunding round in 2009 . last UK round raised \u00a3 19m to fund growth plans , including expanding brewery in Ellon and opening new bars . The round , closed in April , fell short of \u00a3 25m target . BrewDog 's British business now employs more than 600 people globally and exports to 55 countries . also operates more than 40 bars in the UK and overseas .", "Unions had won backing for strike action after the firm proposed closing the final salary scheme , Tata claimed was facing a \u00c2 \u00a3 2bn deficit . Workers have now agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for remaining open . A proposed national strike scheduled for 22 June was suspended following talks at the arbitration service Acas . Neither the unions nor Tata have given any details of the changes . In a statement Tata Steel said the new proposal was \" a fair and balanced solution \" . The firm added ; \" The new arrangements , including the modifications to scheme benefits , will address a significant proportion of the pension scheme 's projected deficit . \" Other actions to be agreed with the pension Trustee will address the balance . \" Roy Rickhuss , general secretary of Community , one of the four unions involved in the dispute , said the UK steel industry was still facing \" challenges \" . \" was apparent during this dispute that the company was not listening to the concerns of workforce , led to a serious breakdown in trust and confidence ,\" said . \" All unions have already begun a dialogue with the company to address these issues . \" Tata Steel employs more than 17,000 people in UK operation . has sites in Corby , Hartlepool , Rotherham , Scunthorpe , Teesside and York as well as plants in Port Talbot , Newport , Flintshire and Carmarthenshire .", "The German investment firm , JAB Holding will pay a 78 % premium to Friday 's closing price to buy the company . JAB is offering $ 92 a share . While more than Friday 's price , 's a discount to the $ 157 share price high the company enjoyed in November 2014 . The deal will make JAB the biggest player in the North American single-serve coffee pod market . \" Keurig Green Mountain represents a major step forward in the creation of global coffee platform ,\" said JAB chairman Bart Becht , in a statement . JAB has invested heavily in the US coffee market . bought Caribou Coffee Co and Peet 's Coffee & Tea in 2012 and formed a joint venture between coffeemakers DE Master Blenders and Mondelez International in July . Keurig will continue to operate as an independent company after the purchase . Coca-Cola - Keurig 's biggest investors - voiced support for the deal in a statement . Coca-Cola will take a 17.4 % stake in the new private company . \" have enjoyed a strong partnership with Keurig Green Mountain , and will continue collaboration with JAB in order to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the single-serve , pod-based segment of the cold beverage industry ,\" said Muhtar Kent , Coca-Cola 's chief executive . Despite the higher cost of a single-serve coffee pod compared to a cup of filter coffee , the popularity of the machines continues to grow globally . According to Euromonitor International over the next three to five years , sales of single serve coffee pods are expected to grow by 5 % in the US , 10 % in Canada and 8 % in Mexico . The research firm said the coffee pod business already accounts for 40 % of the $ 15bn global coffee market . The business is not without critics . The plastic pods have been criticised for increasing the amount of waste in landfills In March the creator of the K-cups , John Sylvan , told The Atlantic magazine did not use the machine and acknowledged cost and impact on the environment . \" feel bad sometimes that ever did ,\" Sylvan told the magazine .", "In a bid to promote password security , Strathclyde University produced a poster saying : \" Bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes 'd used a StR0nG _ Pas5w0Rd %.\" The image attracted criticism on social media , with the Glasgow-based university accused of \" victim blaming \" . The university said the poster had been removed and should not have been made . An image of the poster was tweeted on Monday by Billy McCauley said : \" Pretty shocking victim blaming here . Will take down ? \" A short time later , Strathclyde University tweeted : \" The posters are being removed now . should not have produced and are looking into how this happened . \" A spokesman for the university later said : \" The posters are in bad taste and have now been removed from campus . The sentiment expressed is not consistent with the values of this university . \" Dozens of private pictures of Hunger Games actress Lawrence were released on the internet in September . Other celebrities targeted in the leaks included Rihanna , Kate Upton , Selena Gomez and Kim Kardashian . is thought the photos were taken off the stars' iCloud accounts and were shared on other websites .", "The victim , named by police as Ali Nasrollahi , 22 , was found collapsed in Barnet on Tuesday afternoon . Mr Nasrollahi , was found at the junction of Woodside Grange Road and Grangeway , was treated by paramedics for a single stab wound but died soon after arriving at hospital . Police have launched a murder inquiry and have appealed for witnesses to come forward . No arrests have been made . Det Insp Julie Willats said : \" know that the victim had driven to Woodside Grange Road with one of friends and met up with another friend , had also driven there . \" At some stage , the victim interacted with a group of up to four suspects , during that interaction believe was stabbed . \" The group of suspects then ran off down Grangeway and into an alleyway leads on to Woodside Avenue . \" The victim 's friend Mohamed Musalam said : \" 'm shocked ... had to call 10 people to confirm because was just unreal . \" did n't deserve at all , was n't that sort of a person where hangs around with the wrong crowd or anything like that . \" was a happy guy , the sort of guy comes into a group and makes everyone laugh . am heartbroken . \" Officers are carrying out a forensic search in the area .", "Chiefs , third in the Premiership , had only four players included in squads for this year 's Six Nations . That compares to the seven players called up from each of leaders Wasps , second-placed Saracens and fourth-placed Bath 's squads . Asked if that was a surprise , Baxter replied : \" not particularly \" . \" 've got to understand that although 've finished the end of the season very well and had guys away on Saxons duty and other internationals , actually did n't start this season very well ,\" told BBC Radio Devon . \" were n't performing either as a team or individually at the intensity need to to demand an international selection . \" think Luke Cowan-Dickie is getting close now , can see the level of performances the last month or so have been fantastic , and think Henry [ Slade ] is very close . \" But overall if want to drive players into the international setups have to perform at a very high intensity and as individuals have to perform at a very high intensity . \"", "Penglais Farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms , but only 700 will be ready this month to welcome students . The university said developer Balfour Beatty confirmed the remaining 300 rooms will be ready during the 2015-16 academic year . Balfour Beatty has been asked to comment . The unfinished rooms have not been let to students .", "Paw Patrol 's Skye and Marshall did not appear at a Christmas lights switch on in Londonderry on Thursday night . Derry City and Strabane District Council has since apologised . Broadcaster Nickelodeon said had not \" organised or authorised \" the use of the characters at the event . Nickleodeon 's Paul Hamilton said are no official PAW Patrol appearances anywhere in the UK or Ireland at present . The character 's appearance had featured prominently on pre-event promotion . Derry City and Strabane District Council marketing officer Jacqueline Whoriskey said every effort was made to secure Skye and Marshall , and that the council was \" sorry to disappoint people \" . added : \" were contacted very late in the day by the official licensee in America to say that the company were using did not have the appropriate licences . \" tried best to resolve in time - unfortunately did n't work out - and are really , really disappointed \" . Strabane 's Christmas lights will be switched on on Saturday but Skye and Marshall will not be there . had been due to share top billing with Santa Claus . Despite the PAW Patrol no show , thousands gathered in Londonderry 's Guildhall Square and Waterloo Street for Thursday night 's switch on .", "The ex-Villa player and Nottingham Forest boss , 51 , quit role as Chris Hughton 's number two prior to Friday 's 1-1 draw between the two sides . \" When heard Colin was interested shot to the top of the pile ,\" Villa boss Steve Bruce told the club website . \" interviewed two or three people but once knew Colin was available was only one person wanted here . \" The move to the West Midlands gives Calderwood , also previously managed Hibernian and Northampton Town , a shorter daily commuting distance from Northampton home . Media playback is not supported on this device A Brighton statement released on Friday said Calderwood , was placed on gardening leave on 12 November , had left the club for a job \" elsewhere \" . \" have to move on ,\" added Hughton . \" have a team is very well drilled at this moment . main concern is that have no disruption here . will think long and hard about bringing someone in that position . \" Bruce took over as Villa boss on 12 October , bringing in former Birmingham City player Stephen Clemence as head coach , having had as part of backroom team at Sunderland and Hull City . The club also named Ian Atkins as new chief scout / head of European recruitment . Villa director of football Steve Round added : \" are delighted to secure the services of Colin . is an excellent coach and an outstanding person . \" has a wealth of experience at the highest level and will be a great addition to management team . \" Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The team finished second but the final handover between Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili , 18 , was not completed in time . Gemili said : \" Maybe went early or too hard . 's disappointing as could have been in contention in the final . \" \" looked like Gemili went a little bit early . could have been a situation where Adam was just so amped up and excited by this crowd , this moment and this opportunity was running a little bit faster than the mark was made for . \" Favourites Jamaica rested Usain Bolt but still won heat one , while , in the second , the United States recorded the fastest overall qualification time . Britain , won this event at the 2004 Games in Athens , were disqualified in Beijing four years ago and have now made a mess of baton changes in five of the last six major championships . Talbot said : \" do n't know happened . just could n't catch Adam . 'm really gutted and 's devastating . \" Christian Malcolm , ran the first leg for Britain , described the outcome as \" unfortunate \" . added : \" 's one of those things happens but 's a fantastic performance to run the time did . Daniel has come in at the last moment . This is a big stadium and can be overwhelming . \"", "A 38-year-old man , was a back seat car passenger , is in a critical but stable condition in hospital following the B9080 crash at about 22:15 on Wednesday . The injured passenger suffered serious stomach and abdomen injuries . The Vauxhall Zafira was travelling south when crashed with a First bus between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The driver of the car , a 58-year-old man , suffered spinal injuries and a fractured ankle . The front seat passenger , a 34-year-old man , had injuries to face and leg . All were admitted to hospital . Three of the bus passengers were treated in hospital for minor injuries . have all since been discharged . Police said the driver and six other passengers on the single-decker bus were treated at the scene . The bus had 26 people on board . A First Bluebird spokeswoman : \" can confirm that one of Service 38 vehicles was involved in a collision yesterday at around 22:15 between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The bus was travelling to Falkirk from Edinburgh . \" Unfortunately the incident resulted in a number of injuries and thoughts are with the injured at this time . \" have launched an investigation to establish exactly happened and are assisting Police Scotland with inquiries . \"", "Mohammed Anwar , from Thornliebank , was trapped underneath the forklift when appeared to hit a kerb , causing to crash . The incident happened at about 10:30 on Friday as Mr Anwar was driving along Glenburn Road in East Kilbride . Emergency services attended but died at the scene . were no other vehicles involved . Police Scotland said were several people around at the time of the crash and officers are appealing to people were in the area at the time to contact .", "Adams will make professional debut in Manchester on Saturday when fights Argentina 's Virginia Carcamo . \" Virgil has a lot of knowledge and one thing like about is knows how to take an Olympic champion and turn into a pro ,\" said Adams , 34 . \" did with Andre [ Ward ] and 's capable of doing the same with . \" American Ward , 33 , has gone from winning gold at the 2004 Olympics to becoming a two-weight world champion and being unbeaten in 31 fights . Adams has been training alongside the likes of IBF , WBA and WBO light-heavyweight champion Ward as prepares for fight , and says doing so \" has left a bit in awe , to be honest \" . added : \" Like every fighter , ultimate goal is to headline a show in Las Vegas and with the way the sport is building at the moment see no reason why ca n't get there . \" Other female boxers like Claressa Shields and Katie Taylor have been putting women 's professional boxing on the map and now that 've joined can only raise the bar again . \"", "Media playback is unsupported on device 26 October 2014 Last updated at 00:31 BST released first solo album Malagasy Blues Song in 2013 , but has a long career behind . comes from a musical family of 15 children , and in this performance for the BBC 's Africa Beats series , is supported by brothers , Pata and Dozzy Njava , and cousin Christian Ravalison , all of are respected musicians in Belgium , where now live . Lala Njava is passionately concerned by the issues native land faces , especially deforestation , and is donating a portion of the revenues from CD sales to a tree planting project . More from Africa Beats", "The team at King 's College London say smokers are more likely to develop the disorder and at a younger age . Published in the Lancet Psychiatry , analysis of 61 separate studies suggests nicotine in cigarette smoke may be altering the brain . Experts said was a \" pretty strong case \" but needed more research . Smoking has long been associated with psychosis , but has often been believed that schizophrenia patients are more likely to smoke because use cigarettes as a form of self-medication to ease the distress of hearing voices or having hallucinations . The team at King 's looked at data involving 14,555 smokers and 273,162 non-smokers . indicated : The argument is that if is a higher rate of smoking before schizophrenia is diagnosed , then smoking is not simply a case of self-medication . Dr James MacCabe , from the Institute of Psychiatry , Psychology and Neuroscience at King 's , said : \" 's very difficult to establish causation [ with this style of study ] , 're hoping that this does is really open eyes to the possibility that tobacco could be a causative agent in psychosis , and hope this will then lead to other research and clinical trials would help to provide firmer evidence . \" Clearly most smokers do not develop schizophrenia , but the researchers believe is increasing the risk . The overall incidence of the condition is one in every 100 people normally , may be increased to two per 100 by smoking . The researchers said nicotine altered levels of the brain chemical dopamine , has already been implicated in the psychosis . Prof Michael Owen , the director of the Institute of Psychological Medicine at Cardiff University , said the researchers had made a \" pretty strong case \" that smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia . \" The fact is that is very hard to prove causation without a randomised trial , but are plenty of good reasons already for targeting public health measures very energetically at the mentally ill . \" The charity Rethink Mental Illness said : \" know that 42 % of all cigarettes smoked in England are by people with mental health problems , and so any new findings about the link between smoking and psychosis is a potential worry . \" However , longer-term studies are needed to fully understand this potential link . \"", "Two crews and a hovercraft from Weston-super-Mare were called just after midnight to rescue two adults and the children from Uphill beach . The police and ambulance service also attended , the fire service said . Avon Fire and Rescue have warned people not to park or walk on the beach in the dark due to the fast-rising tides .", "Lewis , 19 , signed a three-year contract with the English Premier League club on Friday , having played three FA Cup games for last season . Manager Ray McKinnon has also given a contract to Deniz Mehmet following departure from Port Vale . Hibernian midfielder Sam Stanton has also made the move to United on a one-year loan deal . The arrivals come with Cammy Bell , last season 's first-choice goalkeeper , possibly leaving Tannadice to return to Kilmarnock . Bell , 30 , is believed to be keen on a move to the Scottish Premiership club . McKinnon said of Lewis : \" expect to challenge for the starting position . \" Harry comes here as one of the top young goalkeeping prospects in English football . \" says so much about ambition and desire that has chosen to come up to Scotland to get first-team involvement . \" is a coup for to bring to Tannadice and am positive will hear much more about during career . \" Lewis , has represented England at youth level , joined Southampton from hometown club Shrewsbury Town in 2015 , hopes to challenge for starts with the Scottish Championship club . \" am excited at the prospect of being involved in first-team football ,\" told United 's website . \" believe am joining a winning team will be challenging at the top of the league and want to play part in helping the club secure the title . \" Stanton becomes United 's ninth summer signing and fourth of the week . The 24-year-old Mehmet returns to Scottish football after having played with Falkirk before joining Port Vale in January . Dutch midfielder Jordie Briels also signed on a one-year contract after the 25-year-old left Fortuna Sittard in homeland .", "Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board ( BCUHB ) gave \u00a3 20,000 towards the Lap of Wales Challenge . But the Wales Audit Office found the board breached own rules and regulations in handling the funding . Board officials said would learn from the experience after auditors highlighted a lack of transparency and poorly-managed conflicts of interest . Auditors also found the health board failed to follow procurement rules when appointing suppliers for the event . The Lap of Wales Challenge was organised by Cerddwn Ymlaen under the leadership of national organiser Eryl Vaughan and was fronted by the Welsh opera singer Rhys Meirion . The event cost more than \u00a3 150,000 to arrange and the surplus was \u00a3 1,368 . The challenge saw a number of Welsh celebrities undertaking a week-long journey through Wales in July 2015 to raise awareness of the Welsh Government 's changes to the organ donation law . was arranged in aid of Cronfa Elen . The fund was set up by Mr Meirion in memory of sister died in 2012 , and was incorporated within BCUHB 's own official charity , Awyr Las / Blue Sky in 2014 . The health board awarded \u00a3 20,000 towards the event , with another \u00a3 20,000 coming from Cardiff and Vale Health Board and \u00a3 45,000 from the Welsh Government . The report found \u00a3 10,000 of BCUHB 's contribution was awarded as a loan , but the paperwork was not processed by the health board 's financial team . Despite that , the funds were transferred . Cerddwn Ymlaen said was not aware received a loan rather than a grant and would not have agreed to , had known . To ensure the Lap of Wales project was not in deficit , Cerddwn Ymlaen undertook additional fundraising to meet the \u00a3 154,054 cost of completing the challenge . Concerns were also raised about a breach of the health board 's financial regulations in relation to the challenge . A spokesperson for BCUHB said : \" The health board was very keen to learn from this experience is why asked the Wales Audit Office to carry out this review , as recognise that to achieve the objectives of the charity , is important to work with external bodies . \" Such arrangements are underpinned by trust , common objectives and mutual cooperation but misunderstandings can occur . \" Officials added a new joint-working protocol would provide a robust governance framework for future projects and require all arrangements to be formalised .", "The incident happened on Morningside Road , near to Jordan Lane , at about 11:45 on Sunday . A local diversion was put in place at Comiston Road and Churchill Place , following the incident . Police Scotland have appealed to anyone may have seen the elderly woman , or the bin lorry , before the incident occurred . Sgt Andrew Miller , of the road policing unit , said : \" The woman was walking with a wheeled walking aid , similar to a zimmer frame , and 're hopeful anyone might have seen will come forward with relevant information . \"", "The John Deere tractor was pulled over by officers in the village of Ripley and had two other males on board . The vehicle had been seen in nearby Harrogate at about 05:00 GMT with no headlights on . Police said the driver had no licence , was not insured and did not have permission from the tractor 's owner . The vehicle was seized , with the three due to be interviewed by officers . Posting on Twitter , Insp Chris Galley said : \" A strange end to a night shift . 15-year-old lad driving a tractor as a taxi for drunk mates . \"", "Anh Nhu Nguyen , 52 , of Beckenham , south-east London , is accused of defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council by posing as a victim of the fire for nearly two weeks . pleaded not guilty to both counts at Southwark Crown Court on Friday . was remanded in custody and trial is due to take place in December . Westminster Magistrates' Court heard last month that Mr Nguyen claimed lived in the North Kensington block , and that wife and son had died in the blaze . The court also heard was given a hotel room , clothing , food , electrical items and cash after went to the Westway Sports Centre , where allegedly claimed to have lost all possessions , The centre had been set up as one of the focal points for the local relief effort . The tower block fire on 14 June killed at least 80 people and made hundreds homeless .", "Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords , in the Surrey greenbelt , in 2000 and hid behind hay bales . told Mr Justice Dove at London 's High Court that \" beautiful home \" had now been \" carefully dismantled \" . \" Hopefully , will be rebuilt on another site with full planning permission ,\" said . At a previous hearing , Mr Fidler , 66 , had been told to tear down home by 6 June or face jail . On Monday , Stephen Whale , counsel for Reigate and Banstead Borough Council , told the judge that Mr Fidler had made \" very good progress in terms of complying with the requirements of the enforcement notices \" , but that had not \" fully complied with the requirements \" . The house had been \" very largely \" demolished , said , but was \" still more to be done \" , including restoring the land to former agricultural use . said the \" technical legal position \" was that Mr Fidler remained in contempt of court , but the parties had agreed for the matter to be adjourned for a month to give \" an opportunity completely to comply \" . Representing , Mr Fidler insisted : \" broke no law . was looking after family . acted in good faith . am a law-abiding citizen . \" described the four bedroom castle as a \" work of art built lawfully \" , but said would \" fully comply \" with the council enforcement notices . Mr Justice Dove adjourned the case until 4 July , but said hoped would not be necessary for to return to court . Mr Fidler told : \" assure will not have to come back . \" At the end of the hearing , said to the judge : \" When rebuild house , want to come and see . \"", "The \u00a3 570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began in March 2012 . The first public trams started running at 06:00 BST . Despite facing criticism for causing disruption to businesses and commuters , Nottingham City Council insists the service will transform the local economy . Delays were initially blamed on unexpected numbers of pipes and cables having to be moved , and then on work to replace part of the track bed . \u00a3 570m Initial budget 28 new stations 11 miles of new track 22 new trams 20 million passenger capacity Contractor Vinci has reported the problems contributed to a \u00a3 165m loss for civil engineering division . Jane Urquhart , has lead responsibility for operation company NET at Nottingham City Council , said was a \" really great day \" for the city . \" With trams running from every seven minutes , is all set to provide easier access to key locations right across the city ,\" said . \" The tram provides the backbone to the city 's integrated transport network , underpinning all the efforts to reduce congestion , improve the environment and make Nottingham an even better place to live , work or visit . \" NET and the city council had resisted calls to name a date for the new lines opening but final testing had been ongoing in recent weeks . Steve Barber , vice president of the Light Rail Transit Association and former Broxtowe borough councillor said : \" are very relieved , as , think , are a lot of people in Beeston . \" has been a quite difficult ride over the past few years while construction has been at worst ... and is going to do wonders for the town and the city . \" Stephen Knight , a butcher in Clifton , said : \" are optimistic . has caused disruption , normal trade dropped by a third but the workers have helped . \" Now will see if the public come back - but are still a lot of parking restrictions outside . \" Lisa Withers , a nearby florist , said : \" was really pleased to have been on the first tram from Clifton - and seeing the one from Toton arrive has been fantastic . \" is a really great day for the city and think will now see some real regeneration and the tram driving Nottingham forward for people live here and work here and people want to visit . \"", "Builders working on the BBC programme were targeted while helping with the project in West Bromwich . Show bosses said three vans have been hit in the past week . Volunteers are transforming the family home of a mother died from cancer . Presenter Nick Knowles tweeted on Wednesday to say was \" really disappointed \" by the thefts . The programme is extending the home of Sandra Chambers , has looked after two grandchildren since the death of mother Crystal in October 2015 . See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here Show bosses said two vans - a Peugeot and a Ford - were broken into on Wednesday morning and tools taken . On Thursday a Mercedes Sprinter was also broken into , but nothing was stolen . The thefts have been reported to West Midlands Police . End of Twitter post by @ MrNickKnowles Mr Knowles' tweet prompted a local Peugeot dealership to get in touch and later thanked for help , as well as another person gave \u00c2 \u00a3 30 to cover repairs . The project to extend the house is being completed by the DIY SOS team and an army of volunteers , including local tradespeople and neighbours , in a nine-day build .", "The oil firm said revenues in the year fell 27 % to \u00a3 1.6bn as the price of oil continued to fall in 2015 . is the second year in a row the oil company has reported a loss . In 2014 , reported a loss of \u00a3 2bn . Tullow also warned was a risk could fail to comply with financial covenants this year . Financial covenants are agreements that companies make with lenders to maintain a stable financial position . Oil prices have slumped by 70 % since the middle of 2014 , with many of the oil majors cutting back investment on exploration and production . That has also led to the loss of more than 5,000 jobs in the North Sea oil industry . Tullow said could cut annual capital expenditure to as low as $ 300m in 2017 , down from $ 1.1bn planned for 2016 , if market conditions did not improve . The firm said had reduced headcount of 37 % and was on track to deliver cash savings of around $ 500m over three years . also said would pay no dividend in 2015 . Tullow Oil chief executive Aidan Heavey said : \" challenge in 2016 is to be equally robust in responding to the uncertainties remain in the sector . \" added : \" . As look ahead , have a portfolio of world class , low cost oil assets will produce around 100,000 barrels per day in 2017 and a major position in one of the world 's newest , low cost , oil provinces in East Africa , both enabling to create substantial value . \"", "John Johnston , 27 , admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit . was spotted by a CCTV operator committing the offence and stopped by police in Buccleuch Street . At Dumfries Sheriff Court was ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and given the driving ban . Johnston , had moved from Belfast to Dumfries , committed the offence in September this year . had been staying in homeless accommodation in the town and took the roller from Brooms Road . then drove across town in a bid to get home from a night out drinking with a friend . \" was just trying to find way home ,\" told the court at an earlier appearance .", "Lagavulin is launching a single cask edition of 522 bottles of single malt to raise funds for local projects . Sales of the \u00a3 1,494 bottles are set to see \u00a3 310,000 donated to Islay Heritage to help build a story of the island 's past based on archaeological sites . The Finlaggan Trust , maintains the historical home of the Lord of the Isles , should also receive \u00a3 60,000 . The Lagavulin 200 Legacy is set to make further contributions to the local swimming pool , cyber cafe and arts and festival organisations , as well as a new partnership with the RSPB to restore and conserve peatlands on the island . Nick Morgan , of Lagavulin 's owners Diageo , said : \" have had a fantastic year celebrating the 200th anniversary of Lagavulin , both on Islay and with the hundreds of thousands of people around the world adore the whisky . \" Islay and remarkable local community are at the heart of Lagavulin . \" That 's why were determined should be a legacy from the anniversary would directly benefit the island and people . \" believe that contribution to Islay Heritage is not only of great significance to the island but is an important contribution to conserving and promoting the history and heritage of Scotland . \" Bottles of the Lagavulin 1991 Single Malt Scotch Whisky cask can only be purchased through an online ballot on The Whisky Exchange . The first bottle will be auctioned separately to raise more charitable funds , and one bottle will be donated to the Diageo Archive and the Whisky Exchange . Steven Mithen , trustee of Islay Heritage and professor of archaeology , said : \" Islay Heritage is hugely grateful to the Lagavulin 200 Legacy for the support is providing to further knowledge about the archaeological sites and monuments on Islay . \" This investment in heritage will greatly benefit both the local community and visitors to the island . \" While some of Islay 's sites and monuments are very well known and accessible , others are virtually unknown , difficult to find and rarely visited . \" are no doubt many more waiting to be discovered will help tell more about not only Islay 's story but that of Scotland , Europe and the path of human culture as a whole . \" are delighted that Lagavulin shares vision to reveal Islay 's past so that can be explored and enjoyed by everyone . \"", "The United Airlines flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22 but declared a second emergency a short time later . comes a day after the same aircraft diverted to Edinburgh from London Heathrow with a fuel leak problem . were no passengers on the plane . Edinburgh Airport officials said had been no impact on operations . The plane landed back at Edinburgh at 15:30 , after circling the airport for 10 minutes . An United Airlines spokesman said : \" United Airlines flight UA2081 from Edinburgh to Chicago today ( July 13 , 2016 ) , was being repositioned and was not carrying any customers , returned to Edinburgh Airport after take-off because of a mechanical issue . \"", "The 14-year-old from Blackpool disappeared on 1 November 2003 . body has never been found . Karen Downes said is taking legal action over a 13-year gap in releasing CCTV images of the teenager 's last day alive . Lancashire Police has declined to comment . said the footage detectives released in 2016 , 13 years after went missing , could have helped solve the case had been available earlier . \" had [ the CCTV ] for 13 years ,\" said Mrs Downes . \" shows Charlene in the town that afternoon in the same clothes disappeared in . \" If 'd have shown before ... knows ? \" have suffered all these years not knowing where is . \" said police \" need teaching a lesson \" . \" is not about the money . want to force the police to do job ,\" said . \" If got money would get something for Charlene like a memorial . \" Charlene is shown in the CCTV with sister Rebecca on Bank Hey Street walking towards the Coral Island amusement arcade . went home but returned to Blackpool town centre later that evening - the last time was seen . A judge cleared a man of Charlene 's murder in 2008 after \" grave doubts \" were raised about evidence during second trial . The jury in first trial failed to reach a verdict . In 2009 , the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said police evidence-gathering errors contributed to the retrial 's collapse . The IPCC found strategic and tactical failure in the management of the material and several officers were disciplined , one forced to resign in 2011 . But this resignation order was overturned by a 2012 Police Arbitration Tribunal .", "The police say Mr Bach is being treated as a witness , not a suspect . Officers have found emails from Mr Bach to another senior IOC official Patrick Hickey , was arrested last month and is facing charges . Mr Hickey , ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee , denies all allegations . Police investigators in Rio told the BBC 's Wyre Davies would like to know Mr Bach 's influence was over Olympic ticketing policy . said the IOC president received personal requests for hundreds of high-value tickets , for the Olympics opening ceremony , the 100m final and the football final from Mr Hickey . Police say that Mr Hickey received 296 tickets after written request to the IOC president . have not , thus far , made any contact with the president 's office to request a formal interview . Mr Hickey was arrested during the Olympic games and spent time at the notorious Bangu high security jail along with fellow Irishman Kevin Mallon . was released on bail at the end of August but had to return passport to the Brazilian authorities and was ordered not to leave the country . A prosecutor laid charges against on Tuesday . A judge will now decide whether to accept or reject the charges . Mr Hickey , 71 , has formally stood aside as president of the Olympic Council of Ireland and European Olympic Committees' president during the investigation . Mr Mallon is the Dublin-based director of THG Sports , a corporate and sports hospitality company . Mr Bach cancelled a planned appearance in Rio this week at the opening of the Paralympic Games , for personal reasons . Mr Bach has not returned to Rio since the Olympics and missed the opening ceremony of the Paralympics at the Maracana on Wednesday . said would remain in Germany for the funeral of friend Walter Scheel , the former West German foreign minister and deputy chancellor , died last month aged 97 . IOC officials said Mr Bach would now not travel to Brazil after the funeral because was unable to reschedule other commitments . The Paralympics run until 18 September . The last time an IOC president failed to attend a Paralympics was in 2010 , when Jacques Rogge missed the whole of the Winter Games in Vancouver .", "The final member of the family , a male marmoset called Gomez , was found by police on Monday , having been abandoned on a vets' doorstep . A female and a baby were retrieved on Sunday , and are already back at Symbio Wildlife Park , south of Sydney . Two men have pleaded guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime . Brothers Jesse and Jackson George are not believed to have snatched the monkeys from enclosure , but were charged with trying to profit from the theft . Pygmy marmosets - the world 's smallest monkey species - command up to A $ 5,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 , $ 3,700 ) on the black market . Police found the men after a tip-off from the public . A desperate appeal for information had been launched by the zoo , amid fears that the baby marmoset would die within 48 hours if unable to feed from mother . The four-week-old was found when the Georges' car was pulled over at Appin , southwest of Sydney . The female marmoset was found about 20km ( 12 miles ) away in the Campbelltown area . Australian newspaper The Daily Telegraph said the brothers had exchanged marmoset pictures with a third person via mobile phone , along with messages about how much a monkey could sell for . \" Ay , check out monkey ,\" wrote the third person , according to court documents . \" That 's mad bro . Wanna sell bruh ? \" Jackson George replied . The baby marmoset is now home and well , said Symbio Wildlife Park , after reunited with mother . \" Mum cradled the baby straight into arms and bub immediately began to feed ,\" the zoo wrote in a statement on Facebook . Police say are continuing investigation into the theft . The zoo said the marmoset enclosure is currently closed \" to give the family privacy \" .", "That 's according to a new report by a senior group of MPs . Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee said recruiters should try websites like Mumsnet to help increase the proportion of female spies . wants more of working in places like MI5 , MI6 and communications spy centre GCHQ . The report says women in the intelligence services are being held back by a layer of male , middle managers labelled \" the permafrost \" have a \" very traditional male mentality and outlook \" . Mumsnet chief executive Justine Roberts responded to the call for recruiters to use things like website but 're thinking was n't being entirely serious . \" 'm afraid 'm unable to comment as have an urgent appointment with a rock in St. James 's Park . \" While the report showed 37 % of staff at MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ are women , also pointed out make up less than one in five senior staff . However , things have been changing in recent years . Stella Rimington became the first female boss of MI5 in 1992 . That was three years before actress Judi Dench took over as James Bond 's boss , M , in the British film franchise . In response to the report the government said : \" are committed to ensuring the most talented people succeed and reach top positions , regardless of gender , ethnicity , sexuality or disability . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad , the Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community ( AMC ) , said \" heartfelt sympathies \" were with the victims . was speaking at a Peace Symposium held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque in Morden , south London on Saturday . Five people died and 50 were hurt outside Parliament , last Wednesday . In a message Prime Minister Theresa May praised the conference , called \" an annual reminder of community 's commitment to promoting peace \" . MPs Paul Scully and Siobhan McDonagh were among the hundreds attended the event at the UK 's largest mosque . The caliph described the attack in central London a \" barbaric atrocity \" . \" No matter terrorists may claim , under no circumstances are indiscriminate acts , or killings ever justified ,\" said . added that Muslims and non-Muslims \" must stand up against all forms of oppression , hatred and use all capabilities to try and foster peace in the world . \" Three people were killed in Wednesday 's attack when Khalid Masood drove car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge , before stabbing to death unarmed PC Keith Palmer . Masood was then shot dead by police .", "The 31-year-old had publicly revealed was expecting third child during a concert in May . A statement on Twitter account on Monday said : \" Charlotte and Jonny are very sad to announce that lost baby . Now is a time for grieving and being together as a family . \" kindly ask everyone to respect that peace . \" The Cardiff-born star and partner , musician Jonny Powell , have been together for seven years . is already a mother to nine-year-old Ruby and Dexter , eight , from previous relationship with Gavin Henson .", "Guy Tomlinson , 37 , was being chased by officers when car hit a tipper truck in Leicester on 9 March 2016 . David Anger and Christopher Needham , were both passengers in the car , died in the crash on Fosse Road South . In addition to the prison term , Tomlinson was also given a 15-year driving ban at Leicester Crown Court . The collision was described as \" horrific \" by Leicestershire police . More on this story and other news in Leicestershire Tomlinson previously pleaded guilty to two counts of causing death by dangerous driving , two counts of causing death by driving while uninsured and two counts of causing death by driving while unlicensed . Two people in the lorry suffered minor injuries during the crash and damage was caused to a shop on the corner of Upperton Road . Det Sgt Mark Watling said : \" This was a horrific collision resulted in the death of two men . \" Prior to the collision Tomlinson was travelling at speeds in excess of 64mph ( 102kmph ) and failed to stop for a police officer on Narborough Road South . \" took a massive risk that night when disregarded the traffic lights and used excessive speed , will now be facing a considerable amount of time in prison . \" The Independent Police Complaints Commission is still investigating the crash .", "Jocelyn McKay is now 81 and said feels \" released \" from the feelings gripped for so long . \" may be old , but at least am happy ,\" told BBC News NI . \" had n't really lived until got the operation . \" For years felt was in the wrong body and was n't until was 69 plucked up the courage to ask for help . \" was only after a trip to Manchester with some friends , during Ms McKay lived as a woman , that realised the surgery was something needed . \" was a cross-dresser , went away dressed as a man and came home dressed as a man , but in between times was a woman ,\" said . But cross-dressing was not good enough for . When Ms McKay returned from trip , visited GP , referred to a specialist . said : \" had been going to the doctor for a range of ailments and said to : ' Thank God 've finally told 's wrong . '\" Every week three or four people present as transgender to the Regional Gender Identity and Psychosexual Service at Knockbracken in Belfast . typically make contact with the clinic through a GP referral or a drop-in facility every week . 200 people are currently being treated by the clinic with 50 more on the waiting list . More than half of are aged between 18 and 25 . The number of adults going to the clinic is doubling year on year . The clinic provides adults with assessment , psychological support and onward referral for hormone replacement therapy and surgery where appropriate . A gender identity panel to strategically look at the issues facing transgender people met for the first time at Stormont on Monday . was formed by the peer support group Focus - The Identity Trust . comprises politicians from Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in and the Alliance party , as well as a Presbyterian minister , the Reverend Lesley Carroll , and others with a long-standing interest in human rights . The Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in minister Megan Fearon said the gathering was about \" bringing marginalised people together , giving space to discuss transgender issues and engaging with politicians in a way had not been done before \" . \" Transgender people still experience discrimination in nearly every walk of life ,\" said . The panel will address trans-phobic hate crime and access to health and education .", "The new world was found beyond Solar System , 100 light-years away . 's been named 51 Eridani b and is only 20 million years old - very young by astronomical standards . The alien world could give more information about the formation of Solar System . The find was made by the Gemini Planet Imager ( GPI ) , looks for young planets orbiting bright nearby stars . own Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system - 's so big could fit over 1,300 Earths inside ! 's also the fastest rotating planet too , with 1 day only lasting 10 hours - but a year on Jupiter lasts for 12 Earth years . Jupiter does n't have a solid surface and is made up of gas , giving the name ' gas giant ' . The baby Jupiter has the strongest methane gas signature ever found on an alien planet . The astronomers also detected water using the GPI 's spectrometer instrument . Scientists hope that by studying far away worlds , can learn more about how common the structure of Solar System is . Astronomers believe the gas giants in Solar System formed slowly - by building up a large core over a few million years and then pulling in a huge amount of hydrogen and other gases to form an atmosphere . This is known as a \" cold-start \" . But the Jupiter-like planets have been discovered so far are much hotter than scientists have predicted . could mean formed quickly - as gas collapses to make a scorching planet in is known as a ' hot-start ' .", "Kitchens , toilets and washing facilities haven been installed at Tredegar Park with the first demonstration expected on Saturday , five days before the summit . More than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the two-day event at Newport 's Celtic Manor Resort . Police have taken over Rodney Parade sports ground to manage extra policing . Security for the summit will be provided by 9,500 police officers drawn from 43 UK police forces with 12 miles ( 20km ) of security fencing already in place at keys sites in Cardiff and in Newport . But the million dollar question is how many campaigners will descend on Newport , according to Eddie Clarke , of the No Nato Newport group . is one of a core of 100 volunteers from several campaign groups such as the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament ( CND ) , have set up the campsite in anticipation of supporters needing somewhere to pitch tents while staying in Newport to protest cause in front of world leaders and media . Groups like Stop the War have organised coaches with peace campaigners being driven in from London , Birmingham , Norwich and Newcastle . also expect campaigners to come from further afield with a Counter Summit on Sunday including speakers representing peace movements in the US and Russia in bid to \" end the drive to war and military spending \" . Newport council said had been given assurances the camp will be a \" peaceful encampment \" and will not interfere with the park 's normal activities . A spokesperson said : \" Newport City Council is continuing to work with partner agencies to monitor the situation and minimise the impact of such a camp . \" Gwent Police have taken over Rodney Parade sports ground to help manage the huge security operation already described as \" unchartered territory \" by the office in charge . A police spokesperson told the South Wales Argus was one of a number of local venues being used for various activities , including booking officers on and off duty , briefings , and canteen facilities . The Nato security operation budget would pick up the bill for hiring the facility is the home of the Newport Gwent Dragons , Newport County FC and Newport RFC , the spokesperson added .", "The Duchess of Cambridge 's sister took civil court action against a \" person or persons unknown \" after account was said to have been hacked . The Sun reported was offered the images , included shots of Prince George and Princess Charlotte . A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of an offence under the Computer Misuse Act and later bailed . The allegations emerged after private pictures were said to have been offered to the newspaper via encrypted messaging service WhatsApp . The Sun said had been approached by someone using a pseudonym and asking for \u00c2 \u00a3 50,000 within 48 hours . Barrister Adam Wolanski , led Miss Middleton 's legal team , said thought had been a \" genuine hack \" . said was a \" flagrant \" and \" criminal \" act had caused Miss Middleton \" considerable distress \" . Police said were investigating the allegations and a 35-year-old man had been released on police bail pending further inquiries . was arrested at an address in Northamptonshire late on Saturday . In the summer , Miss Middleton and hedge fund manager James Matthews confirmed engagement , with a wedding planned for next year . Several high-profile figures have had images stolen from iCloud accounts , including actress Jennifer Lawrence and singer Rihanna . In July , American Edward Majerczyk pleaded guilty to running a phishing campaign to steal private pictures and videos from film and TV stars , in was known as the \" celebgate \" affair .", "Open-side flanker Sam Underhill has been ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury . McCusker made 133 appearances for Scarlets before moving to London Irish last season , where played 17 games . The 30-year-old has won 10 caps and joins Ospreys having initially signed for Welsh Premiership club Carmarthen Quins following release from Irish . \" With Sam 's injury and one or two others working way back to full fitness are not quite there yet , felt that needed someone else in to help through this period ,\" said Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy . \" are fortunate to have someone with Rob 's versatility and experience available and have brought into the environment with a view to helping prepare for Zebre at home in the opening round of the Pro12 next month . \"", "The convoy was heading through northern Paris on way to Le Bourget airport late on Sunday evening when was raided , reports say . The gunmen seized a vehicle carrying the money and documents , later releasing the driver and two others . The convoy was said to have come from the Saudi embassy . No-one was hurt . The gunmen , reportedly armed with Kalashnikov rifles , targeted a Mercedes mini-van at 21:15 ( 19:15 GMT ) on the northern ring road , or peripherique , at Porte de la Chapelle , on the edge of Paris . The motorcade , belonging to a Saudi prince , was ambushed by eight people in two separate vehicles pointed guns at the driver of the Mercedes , forcing to stop , French media reported . The men then drove the vehicle away with the driver and the two other Saudis inside . No shots were fired but the Saudis were later freed . \" In the vehicle was roughly 250,000 euros in cash and official documents from the embassy ,\" police union spokesman Rocco Contento told BFM TV news . According to Contento , the operation lasted just a few seconds , something pointed to \" a very organised and especially informed commando unit , had information and accomplices \" . \" As far as am concerned , looks very much like could be commandos from eastern Europe , know about , are often paid to do dirty work . \" The Mercedes was heading to Le Bourget airport with paperwork for the departing prince , has not been named , according to the prosecutor 's office . Le Bourget is often used for high-level visitors taking private jets to Paris . The vehicle was eventually found abandoned and another of the gang 's cars was found burned out .", "But are also applicable when meet Sara Cox - English rugby union 's only referee at Rio 2016 . After a 92-year absence , rugby union is back on the biggest stage sport has to offer , with Sevens tournaments for men and women . \" Everybody knows the Olympics is a great sporting event , no matter sport 're involved in ,\" said Cox , during a break between matches at the European Sevens series event at Sandy Park , the home of Exeter Chiefs . \" To have the chance to go out there and to have the best seat in the house is a fantastic opportunity . \" A former player , the 26-year-old Cox turned to refereeing in 2007 after being injured , and nine years later has become the sole woman to be centrally-contracted as a match official by the Rugby Football Union . As well as taking charge of top women 's matches , Cox also referees men 's games at semi-professional level in National Two South . \" Rugby is a game of respect , and does n't matter are , go on the pitch and 're there to do a job . do n't see any different to male counterparts ,\" replied , when asked the obligatory ' woman in a man 's world ' question . \" Over the years 've been a bit of an unknown - 's not many of are active at the moment , and climbing through the ranks become fewer and fewer . \" 're there on the pitch to facilitate the game and the players do n't mind that , does n't matter that 'm a female . \" When ask an Olympics-bound athlete goals are , the answer is usually pretty simple - personal best , get on the podium , maybe a gold medal - but about a referee ? \" goal is to go far as possible , so if that means referee the gold medal final , then absolutely fantastic ,\" said . \" 's not that much different for compared to the athletes . do n't come away with a medal , but to be involved in that medal race with the teams is aim to do . \" want to go out there , enjoy the experience and gather as much experience as well - and comes after that comes after that . \" has never been a woman referee in charge of a Premiership rugby match . If Cox impresses in Rio , is to say will not be rubbing shoulders with the likes of Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle in years to come ? For the latest rugby union news follow @ bbcrugbyunion on Twitter .", "Emergency numbers were down and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links between the mainland for almost five hours . NHS Shetland had earlier advised anyone needing medical attention to make way to the hospital in Lerwick . Flights were delayed and cancelled at Sumburgh Airport . Services were restored shortly before 17:00 . BT said the problems were caused by \" blown rectifiers and fuses \" at the Wideford Hill radio transmitter on Orkney . A spokesman said 2,600 telephone customers and 388 broadband customers had been affected . A total of eleven flights were cancelled at Sumburgh and one was diverted to Kirkwall . Highlands and Islands Airports Limited advised passengers to contact airlines for further information . Shetland MSP Tavish Scott has called for an \" urgent investigation \" into why radio communications and telephone links failed .", "The school 's headmaster said the \" growing expense and luxury \" forced on parents was also a major concern . Beaulieu Convent School in Jersey also referred to \" worries about alcohol and drug consumption \" at the end of Year 11 event for pupils aged 15-16 . A former pupil said the prom was an important milestone and accused the school of overreacting . Chris Beirne , headmaster , said the \" significant focus and distraction \" caused by the prom \" does not fit into the ethos of school \" . Writing to parents Mr Beirne cited a letter from an unnamed colleague was convinced the preparations and the event were \" not positive , constructive or healthy experiences \" . The colleague wrote : \" The financial strain and the inevitable competition associated with this is another very unwelcome , and sometimes crushing , aspect for many parents . \" The letter from the colleague also referred to \" alcohol and drug consumption at after-parties \" as \" a considerable concern \" . said the strain of trying \" to be slim , fashionable , have perfect skin \" led to \" unacceptable pressure \" . Mr Beirne said could no longer \" safely manage the risk \" associated with the event . The independent Catholic school said would continue to offer Year 13 leavers a celebratory mass with families followed by a drinks reception at the school . The \u00c2 \u00a3 5,400-a-year convent has around 760 students aged 4-18 . Former pupil Hannah Hosegood , 20 , said prom was \" a first taste of maturity \" and the school should tackle individual pupils if had concerns about drugs or alcohol . said : \" 's really upsetting knowing those girls wo n't be able to experience an event spend a fair amount of time looking forward to and remember for the rest of life . \"", "Professional Darts Corporation chief executive Porter landed the same role with the O 's under Barry Hearn in 2006 . The 37-year-old left the National League side in October 2014 , following Francesco Becchetti 's takeover . \" This is a time for to look to the future and 's a great buzz around the place ,\" told the club website . \" Everyone knows how difficult things have been and that cloud has now been lifted . \"", "\" was n't 100 % sober ,\" said at an event with fellow Justice Antonin Scalia . said \" could n't resist the fine wine \" at the dinner traditionally brings together some of the court 's justices before the speech . At 81 , Justice Ginsburg is the oldest serving judge on the Supreme Court . was asked about the incident by the moderator at an event at George Washington University on Thursday evening . Justice Ginsburg was repeatedly pictured slumbering in chair as President Barack Obama addressed the joint session of Congress in the House of Representatives on 20 January . \" The audience for the most part is awake , but 're bobbing up and down all the time . And sit there as stone-faced , sober judges . But 're not . \" At least was n't 100 % sober when went to the State of the Union ,\" said , provoking audience laughter . Justice Ginsburg said had vowed to stick to sparkling water after dozing at the speech in past years , but was unable to resist the lure of a \" very fine California wine \" brought by Justice Anthony Kennedy . \" In the end , the dinner was so delicious needed wine ,\" said . \" Well , that 's the first intelligent thing 've done ,\" quipped Justice Scalia . Former Justice David Souter used to give a pinch when spotted the warning signs in years gone by , Justice Ginsburg said , but the judges beside this time were \" more timid \" .", "Police said officers from the North West counter terrorism unit searched an address on Peakdale Avenue , Crumpsall , Manchester on Friday . The suspect , 26 , was arrested the following day on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act . Police would not comment on the nature of the alleged offence but said believed caused \" no threat \" to the community .", "Derbyshire Police said the taxi driver might have \" crucial \" information . A 17-year-old girl from Evesham has been charged with an attempted kidnap of a child in Normanton on 21 September . Police say the driver may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of the attempted kidnap . The two girls are both described as white and age 17 . One girl had shoulder length blonde or brown hair and was wearing a dark blue blouse , a long cream coat , black trousers and black high-heeled shoes . The second girl had long blonde or brown hair and is believed to be about seven months pregnant . The taxi driver or anyone else with information about the case is asked to contact police .", "Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up 25-year-old victim in Argyle Street before raping at a flat in Cessnock on 10 December 2006 . The 33-year-old Iraqi national fled after being convicted of the attack . Zengana features in a most-wanted list of nine UK suspects are thought to be in the Netherlands . The list has been put published by the UK charity Crimestoppers and the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) . Dave Allen , from the NCA , said : \" Those believe can use the Netherlands to evade capture or continue illegal activities soon find out that is not a safe haven . \"", "Ben Flynn , 24 , enticed the boy to home in Droylsden , Greater Manchester , with promises to use Playstation and offered to pay bus fare . Police described Flynn as a \" dangerous predator \" . At Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court Flynn , of Kings Walk , admitted 13 sex offences including two counts of rape and two sexual assaults . also pleaded guilty to three counts of causing a child to engage in sexual activity and two counts of causing a child to watch a sexual act . Flynn also admitted a breach of sex offence prevention order and one count of meeting a child following sexual grooming . was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life . In March last year , Flynn sent victim a friend request on Facebook despite having never met or spoken to . The boy was then bombarded with private messages and Flynn offered to let play computer games at home . When met Flynn kissed the boy and touched sexually before trying to take to bedroom but the boy refused . then pestered victim , offered to pay victim and went on to abuse on two further occasions . The boy 's sister came across Flynn 's messages to brother and told mother phoned the police . Det Con Claire Pickavance , of Greater Manchester Police , said the paedophile did not \" show a shred of humanity \" to the boy . added : \" Ben Flynn is a dangerous predator preyed on a young boy via social media before arranging to meet with so that could satisfy own depraved urges . \"", "The European Space Agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on Monday , along with two crewmates from Russia and America . But exactly will be doing during time in space ? The ISS gives the chance to do scientific experiments cannot be done on Earth , as the station offers an environment of microgravity . Here run through a few examples of the experiments on Samantha 's ' to do ' list ... Samantha will operate a gadget called an electromagnetic levitator , can heat metals to 2,000\u00c2 \u00b0 C and then cool very quickly . This will be a chance to see happens to different metals when go from liquid to solid , without the effect of the Earth 's gravity . 's hoped the results will reveal more about the physics of the metals and how work . Samantha will be testing new machine technology and how well work in space , such as this astronaut joystick . Using a joystick in space may feel very different in space compared to on Earth . So these experiments will see how being in space might affect how well an astronaut can control a space robot or space machinery . Another thing is that equipment may need to be attached to the astronaut so does n't float away . The testing will also see impact this has . Samantha will be doing lots of experiments to see how being in space affects body . For example , will experience 16 sunrises and sunsets every day on the International Space Station and be tested to see how this affects body clock . Another important subject is food and energy . Experiments to see how much food an astronaut would need for a long mission will be carried out . Samantha will record eats and energy levels over a period of time . Other things will be looked at include how space affects skin and why many astronauts get headaches .", "Nether Edge Green Party councillor , Alison Teal , was served with a legal notice for involvement in protests against Sheffield City Council 's tree felling programme . Ms Teal was previously arrested for protesting against the tree removals . Charges against and 13 others were dropped earlier this year . More stories from across Yorkshire Sheffield City Council maintain that the removal of street trees in the city is lawful and necessary . A \" pre-action protocol letter \" from the council 's legal department to Ms Teal warned the authority will seek a High Court injunction to stop , and others involved in \" direct action \" , from taking part in future protests . The council said the process would give protesters \" a chance to further and finally consider position \" before begins legal proceedings on 12 July . Councillor Bryan Lodge , cabinet member for Environment and Street Scene , said had been months of \" unlawful and costly disruption \" to tree replacement works in Sheffield by a small number of protesters . \" continue to support the right to peacefully protest , and the majority of protesters are doing so peacefully will not be affected ,\" added . \" But is a big difference between this and direct action deliberately and unlawfully stops works from being carried out . \" Mr Lodge said protesters had been sent a letter several weeks ago confirming actions were unlawful . \" Streets Ahead is not just about street trees , 's about ensuring have roads , pavements and a street scene to be proud of for many years to come ,\" added . \" In addition , presents with a unique opportunity to sustainably manage , increase and maintain diverse street tree stock over a 25 year period . \" The council said , despite the letter , works were still being disrupted \" causing city-wide delays \" .", "clears the way for the team to make debut appearance the tournament , will be held in Gabon from 14 January to 5 February . After the news emerged , thousands lined the streets of the capital , Bissau , to watch the squad parade by on Tuesday . Guinea-Bissau play Group A rivals and hosts Gabon in Saturday 's opener . will also face Burkina Faso and Cameroon in the group stage having achieved a fairytale qualification - one of the biggest shocks in Nations Cup history . Yet the bonuses had been promised for qualifying remained unpaid , leading to the players going on strike at the weekend . was only settled after a delegation of three players went to see the country 's president , Jose Mario Vaz , Portuguese news agency Lusa reported . have since all received between 10,000 and 23,000 euros in outstanding fees , Lusa added . \" In the early hours of Sunday , the players received everything had to receive ,\" a government spokesman told the agency . A charter plane , borrowed from Congo-Brazzaville , was due to fly the team to Libreville on Wednesday . The former Portuguese colony frequently beset by coups , eliminated former champions Congo and Zambia in qualifying last year . were a Leicester-like long shot when the qualifiers began , having previously won only four matches in Nations Cup and World Cup qualification combined since first entering international competition just 22 years ago .", "At an event in Hove , the prime minister said all good schools should be able to expand and government had supported that right . The Weald of Kent girls' grammar school wants to open an annexe in Sevenoaks . The Department for Education ( DfE ) is considering the plans have the backing of Kent County Council . The law forbids the opening of new grammar schools , but changes made by the coalition government in 2012 allow enlargement of existing schools . \" strongly support the right of all good schools to expand . think that 's very important and that should include grammar schools ,\" the prime minister said : \" Under this government grammar schools have been able to expand and that is all to the good . \" Mr Cameron was responding to a question about the the proposed satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks . But would not be drawn on when the government was likely to make decision . \" As for the decision the Department for Education has to take , have to take that having [ looked ] at all the evidence and after having proper consultations and making the decision in proper time ,\" added . Sevenoaks is the only major Kent town does not have grammar provision . Bids made in 2013 were turned down because the DfE said did not comply with the law . But the current plans put forward by Weald of Kent girls' grammar school are believed to have met the criteria . If approved , the annexe could pave the way for more grammars to open satellite campuses . General secretary of the National Union of Teachers , Christine Blower , has previously called the plans for grammar school expansion \" yet another unnecessary distraction \" .", "The disorder at HMP Erlestoke began on Saturday when two inmates escaped cells and threatened staff . No-one was hurt and those involved in the incident are being investigated by police , the Ministry of Justice said . The Prison Officers' Association said the issues surrounded a lack of regime due to insufficient staffing levels . A Ministry of Justice spokesman said \" two separate incidents \" involving three prisoners had been \" successfully resolved \" on Saturday . added the prison was now \" running as normal \" and said had been \" some minor structural damage \" . said : \" are absolutely clear that prisoners behave in this way will be punished and can spend significantly longer behind bars . \" The Prison Officers' Association ( POA ) said order was restored overnight on Saturday but said \" both wings were destroyed and were now out of commission \" . The POA spokesman added this was \" another example of a failed benchmark process brought about by savage and unnecessary government cuts has seen staffing levels decrease to an unsafe level \" . Relatives of inmates also got in touch with the BBC saying prisoners were kept locked in cells for three days , without hot food , hot water and no prison officers on some wings . Conservative MP , for Devizes , Claire Perry said : \" was saddened to hear of the disturbances at Erlestoke Prison over the last few days . \" These incidents are wholly and utterly unacceptable , and understand that these matters have been referred to the police to consider charges against the perpetrators . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device Root , a winner alongside women 's captain Charlotte Edwards , averaged almost 95 in Test cricket under Moores , was dismissed on 9 May . \" A lot of credit for that has to go to Peter Moores ,\" said the 24-year-old . \" Over the past year , has definitely got the best out of - along with the rest of the coaching department . \" Root was left out of the England team for the final Test of the Ashes whitewash in January 2014 , but was recalled after Moores was appointed coach for the second time a year ago . The Yorkshire right-hander has since amassed 1,135 Test runs . \" When came back from Australia , realised a lot of the time out there was trying to work on things was n't too good at - and putting all energy into that , rather than spending more time strengthening the stuff am good at ,\" added Root \" Peter saw that - and simplified things as well . \" Root , named player of the year for the men 's side after a vote of cricket media , was last week appointed Test vice-captain by new director of cricket Andrew Strauss . \" was delighted , so accepted straight away ,\" said Root . \" do n't think things will change much - just a bit more responsibility on part . \" If Alastair Cook wants to come up to for ideas , will make sure have something to help out . \" As well as being named as the women 's player of the year , Edwards was presented with a silver cap to mark 200th game as England captain against New Zealand in February . In addition to leading England to four series wins , Edwards averaged more than 75 in one-day internationals and almost 60 in Twenty20s .", "Victory lifted the Shrimpers up to fifth , while Posh have only won six of 17 home league games this term . \" If do n't believe 're going to get there [ to the play-offs ] never will . belief wo n't stop until 's mathematically impossible ,\" said . \" 're five points off the play-offs . 's not a lot with 13 games to go . \" continued to BBC Radio Cambridgeshire : \" know 've just been thrashed at home , but need to continue to support each other . All can do is apologise to the fans after the performance . \" always take the blame when lose and 'll do again now . 's down to why the team lost . 've got to do now is stand up like men , puff chests out , come back on Saturday and produce a win . \" Two goals from Marc-Antoine Fortune set the Shrimpers on way to victory at the ABAX Stadium , while Tom Nichols scored the only goal for ninth-placed Posh . However , McCann has received positive news regarding Gwion Edwards' knee injury , picked up in Saturday 's defeat by Walsall . \" 'll be seven or eight weeks instead of seven or eight months . feared the worst to be honest , but got the good news 's not too serious . \" 's been top drawer this season , 's got a great attitude and 's a tough little cookie . \"", "Opponents fear the development on the site in Hermitage Lane , Allington , will destroy ancient woodland and cause traffic gridlock . Developer Croudace Homes said the number of homes had been reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland of building a new road . The public inquiry in Maidstone is expected to last until 10 June . Barbara Woodward , from the New Allington Action Group ( NAAG ) , said : \" People are very upset . This is last piece of green land . \" take dogs for a walk in the woods , can let off leads . If build a road across the woods will no longer be safe . \" added that the inquiry was the \" last step \" to protect the woodland said had been on the site since the 14th Century . Councillor Fran Wilson , the Lib Dem leader of the borough council , said would be \" inappropriate \" for the authority to comment at this stage . Following the public inquiry a recommendation will be made to the Secretary of State will make a decision on the planning application .", "Temporary repairs have been made to an embankment on the Farnham to Alton line after collapsed on 13 April . A replacement bus timetable has been in operation since engineers noticed the track at Wrecclesham , Surrey , was starting to dip after heavy rain . The line is due to reopen on 4 May. Network Rail warned of possible future closures for stabilisation work . A longer term solution is expected to cost millions of pounds .", "Ben Gerring , 29 , was in the water near Mandurah , south of Perth , when the attack occurred on Tuesday afternoon . Western Australia Police said Mr Gerring 's injuries were too severe to overcome and died on Friday night . On Thursday , a 4.2m ( 14ft ) great white shark was captured near Mandurah , but is not known if this shark was to blame for the attack . \" was right out the back looking to get a big wave , one of the set waves had been coming through during the day ,\" Brian Williams , president of the Mandurah Boardriders Club and friend of the victim , told ABC on Tuesday . \" 'd sort of paddled out the back , sort of past the pack slightly . And next thing all hell broke loose and were trying to bring in . \" board was broken in half , found the tail part of board ,\" Mr Williams said . Surf Lifesaving Western Australia had reportedly issued a warning before the attack , after an unknown species of shark was seen in the area .", "happened at the Moelfre Lifeboat open day at 16:10 BST on Saturday , with two RNLI vessels rescuing . was then taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd , Bangor , by a UK Coastguard helicopter , with condition unknown . North Wales Police is investigating the incident and has appealed for witnesses . Organisers had earlier warned about safety in the water on Facebook page , imposing a speed restriction on boats travelling to the event . had said : \" From past experience , are expected to have over 100 vessels . \" Some will be kayaks with children on board , water safety is very important . Many adults and children will be swimming in the bay . Keep eyes peeled please . \" The event , at the RNLI station , was to allow people to meet the crew and celebrate life-saving work .", "More than 120 old or recent bruises and broken bones were discovered on Keegan Downer 's body , Birmingham Crown Court was told . Kandyce Downer denies murdering the 18-month-old , after collapsed at the family home in Birmingham . The child also had a \" terrible \" spiral leg fracture had gone untreated . left the girl \" deformed \" with one leg shorter than the other , the court heard . Nigel Power QC said Keegan also had seven recently broken ribs would have made breathing \" very painful \" , and an historic head injury at least several days old at the time died . Forensic testing of the house where the toddler died revealed traces of blood on the cot and bedroom wall . Born in March 2014 to a heroin-addict mother , the otherwise healthy girl was put with a foster carer by social services . The child was then placed with 35-year-old Downer as the legal guardian in January 2015 . Keegan was described in court as a \" healthy and happy baby \" and lived at Downer 's family home in Beckbury Road , Weoley Castle . collapsed at home shortly before 10am on 5 September 2015 . When paramedics arrived , Downer had Keegan lying down on a sofa and told : \" do n't know when stopped breathing , because was in the bath . \" Downer later told paramedics had popped out and left the child alone during that morning . Keegan died from a combination of septicaemia , infection , blunt chest trauma and old head injuries . Of Downer , Mr Power said : \" say is no other realistic candidate for the many and terrible injuries led to Keegan 's death . \" The trial of Downer , also denies causing or allowing the death of Keegan , continues .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Bottom side United 's first win in Perth in four years , and Kilmarnock 's draw away to Partick Thistle , means the gap between is down to five points . \" was a wonderful effort . With 10 men , that spirit and character was there again ,\" said the Finn . \" ca n't praise the boys enough . 've got real mental toughness . \" Media playback is not supported on this device Ryan Dow had put United into a deserved lead midway through the first half . However , Saints came back into the match and when Coll Donaldson was sent off for denying Chris Kane an obvious goal-scoring opportunity , the visiting fans may have feared another damaging day in bid to avoid automatic relegation . St Johnstone midfielder Murray Davidson hit the crossbar as the home side pressed for an equaliser but United held firm . \" still have a long way to go but that was a small step towards ,\" continued Paatelainen . \" The mood is positive . Killie will pick up points so need to be strong . have a quality manager , have fantastic players in every department , but days like this will help chances of survival and that 's hang on to . \" 'm really pleased with everybody 's effort . \" Saints manager Tommy Wright was frustrated at team 's lack of bite in the first quarter of the match . \" Up until scored did n't compete well enough , did n't make enough tackles , did n't win enough first headers or second headers ,\" lamented . \" thought got a slap in the face with the goal and were much better after that . Probably 've defended well enough overall to win the game . \" When give a team something to hold on to , even with 10 men , makes really difficult . \" Alan Mannus had made two impressive saves prior to the United goal but will have been disappointed to have allowed Dow 's shot past . \" think in the build-up to the goal should have done better ,\" said Wright . \" dropped too deep and should have dealt with the cross better . got a free contact inside the box . \" Because Alan was on the move , hit the underside of body and squirmed over the line . \"", "Joe Storey , 27 , had denied murdering Kerri McAuley , 32 , was found dead at Southalls Way , Norwich , on 8 January , but admitted manslaughter . Storey was high on cocaine when punched mother-of-two Ms McAuley after a row about an ex-girlfriend . The jury at Norwich Crown Court took less than an hour to find Storey guilty . will be sentenced on Friday . The court had heard friends describe a history of domestic violence left Ms McAuley \" disfigured \" and fearing for life . In texts Ms McAuley described Mr Storey 's behaviour as \" not normal \" . wrote : \" are not ready to care for anyone but \" . \" were trying to kill , were suffocating until nearly passed out \" , adding that if stays away \" hopefully wo n't go to prison for beating to a pulp \" . Later Mr Storey and Ms McAuley agreed to meet up again . Pathologist Dr Benjamin Swift said in the fatal attack Ms McAuley sustained multiple facial lacerations and one of ears was torn . Dr Swift said some of the injuries were caused by \" blunt force impact \" . Storey , of Murrells Court , Norwich , had admitted the pair had a turbulent relationship . said was staying at Ms McAuley 's home when confronted about ex-girlfriend thought was back in contact with . Storey said struck five or six times and had a phone in hand at the time but insisted had \" not to hit with \" . Prosecutor Simon Spence said Storey behaved like an animal and if \" 'd had a scrap of humanity \" Storey would have called an ambulance after the attack instead of leaving Ms McAuley to die in the flat .", "Barry McGivern , Scott Fryer and Troy Lacey were travelling to work at Dereham along the A47 Acle Straight , near Great Yarmouth , Norfolk . jumped into cold chest-high water to free the man from the crushed car and helped to resuscitate . Mr Lacey , 23 , said : \" 'm just glad could give a fighting chance to see family again . \" The victim is in a stable but critical condition at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , police said . The men stopped when saw thought was a broken-down car and some people running along the road at about 21:00 BST on Saturday . A blaring horn then alerted to a car upside down in a dyke where could see a man struggling inside , said Mr Fryer . The unnamed victim , believed to be in 40s , was trapped by seatbelt in the crushed car and had head in water . Mr McGivern , 28 , of Great Yarmouth , said was the first to enter the \" freezing cold \" water was chest-high . Mr Lacey , from Martham , said experience as security staff helped to keep calm and had freed the victim as a paramedic arrived . \" The car was that crushed that at one point did n't think would get out , but managed to get under legs and get free and Barry snapped the seatbelt ,\" said . \" pulse was slow so pumped chest a few times . \" Mr Fryer , also 28 , a retained fire-fighter at Gorleston , then gave the victim the kiss-of-life . \" 'm just pleased were there and could help a fellow human being was dying in front of ,\" said Mr Lacey .", "The measure guarantees a majority of seats to the party wins the most votes in an election . is a key element of a package of reforms promised by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi . The law seeks to end Italy 's post-war era of revolving governments , political horse-trading and unstable coalitions . The lower house of parliament gave final approval to the bill by 334 votes to 61 . The proportional election system awards 340 out of 630 seats to any party wins more than 40 % of the national vote . If no party reaches that threshold , is a second-round run-off between the two parties with the most votes . The electoral reform is expected to come into force next year . After the vote , Mr Renzi said : \" Commitment achieved , promise respected . Italy needs people do n't always say no . \" Critics have accused the 40-year-old former mayor of Florence became prime minster last year of trying to consolidate grip on power . complain that the law awards too much power to single parties , gives party bosses too much scope to select candidates , and denies voters the chance to directly choose representatives . Opposition parties boycotted Monday 's vote . Renato Brunetta , parliamentary head of centre-right opposition party Forza Italia , said afterwards that was \" a very ugly day for country 's democracy \" . Mr Renzi wants to further transform the Italian system by abolishing the Senate and replacing with a non-elected body with lesser powers . Currently , legislation is often held up because identical versions of bills have to be approved by both houses .", "The Dow Jones rose 0.2 % to 19,251.78 , while the wider S & P 500 gained 0.3 % to 2,204.71 , just missing a new record . The Nasdaq rose 0.5 % to 5,333.00 . Banking shares performed strongly , with Wells Fargo up 2.2 % , Bank of America rising 1.5 % and Goldman up by 1.2 % . Financial shares have climbed by over 15 % since the election . President-elect Donald Trump 's plans to reduce corporate tax and regulations are expected to benefit the sector . Meanwhile , analysts are predicting the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next week , in another boost for banks . Financials in general are \" benefiting from the feeling that interest rates are done going down and are going to see a much more favourable interest rate and spread environment for financials ,\" said Paul Nolte , portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management . Mr Trump 's announcement that Japanese telecoms and internet firm SoftBank had agreed to invest $ 50bn in the US also boosted markets , with Sprint shares rising 1.5 % and T-Mobile gaining 1.8 % . Other telecom stocks also rose . AT & T shares increased by 1.9 % after the firm said new streaming television service DirectTV Now has gained more subscribers so far than expected . Verizon shares climbed 1.2 % after the wireless carrier said was selling 29 data centres for $ 3.6bn . Chipotle was one of the top fallers on the S & P 500 , dropping 7.6 % , after said sales had not recovered as well as expected . Quarterly sales have been falling over the past year since food safety issues led to the temporary closure of dozens of Chipotle restaurants across the US .", "The 49-strong team for the event , will be at London Stadium in Stratford from 14-23 July , contains 10 athletes won gold at Rio 2016 . Two-time Paralympic champion Peacock , 24 , missed out on the 2015 World Championships through injury and will look to recapture the 100m title claimed in 2013 . Media playback is not supported on this device Britain won 31 medals in Doha two years ago , including 13 golds , finishing fourth in the medal table . London will be the first time the event has been held in the same city and in the same summer as the World Athletics Championships , run from 4-13 August . Six-time world champion David Weir is not included after withdrawing from British Athletics following a fallout with coach Jenni Banks , and double T11 100m and 200m Paralympic champion Libby Clegg misses out with an injury . Cox , 26 , has multiple sclerosis , won gold medals in track cycling and athletics at Rio 2016 , but has focused training on athletics this year before defence of T37 100m title . Cockroft , 24 , won world gold in the T34 100m , 400m and 800m two years ago , a treble repeated in Rio last year . Whitehead , 40 , can become a four-time T42 200m world champion in London , while Jo Butterfield will be given the opportunity to defend club throw titles in the F51 and and Aled Davies shot title in the F42 . T38 sprinter Sophie Hahn , has cerebral palsy , can win third individual 100m world title , despite only being 20 . Paralympic champions Hollie Arnold and Aled Sion Davies are among nine athletes from Wales included .", "Shortly after telling the BBC story the father , called Jahangir , received a call from Ashraf Ghani assuring that arrests would be made . wife was allegedly raped in Badakhshan province eight years ago . But Jahangir says has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested because are politically powerful . wife told BBC Persian about the incident . \" told one of , for God 's sake , have just given birth , 'm like child , even daughter is older than ,\" said . \" cried a lot , beat all over head and body ,\" said . \" bite marks were still on body until a couple of years ago . \" Analysis : Inayatulhaq Yasini , BBC Pashto The stand taken by Jahangir and wife breaks something of a taboo in Afghanistan , where victims of sexual crime are generally cowed into silence . Soon after the media picked up the case , President Ghani spoke with Jahangir and promised that \" the case will be investigated properly and perpetrators will face justice \" . The victim told the BBC : \" want justice to save other women from such a fate . \" In the wake of the publicity , the Afghan government will be under pressure to investigate the incident properly and ensure some kind of resolution . But are also hopes that the stand taken by Jahangir and wife will embolden other victims of sexual crime , and have a lasting affect on how such cases are dealt with . Jahangir , a policeman , told the BBC eight men were arrested after the incident , but six have now been freed because of political connections . says and family had to flee to the capital , Kabul , fearing for lives . has threatened to kill unless that changes : \" If are not put on trial , 'll have to commit suicide to escape the tensions 'm suffering from . 's no other way . \" Jahangir went public with the threat on Afghan television . later met the country 's interior ministry to press case . While speaking to the BBC following the meeting , received a phone call from Mr Ghani . wept as spoke . Mr Ghani was sworn in as Afghan president in September , pledging to tackle the issue of corruption as a priority . As well as political corruption , activists say violence against women is rife in Afghanistan , but rarely attracts much public attention . In one case did spark national outrage , five Afghan men convicted of gang raping four women were hanged in October .", "18 January 2016 Last updated at 20:09 GMT Ben Frost , 27 , barricaded into girlfriend 's flat in Princetown on Dartmoor on 18 January . was arrested two hours after breaking through the roof , Plymouth magistrates heard . Unemployed Frost of no fixed address admitted two charges of causing criminal damage and two of threatening behaviour .", "Trott hit 175 as Warwickshire totalled 413 at Taunton , backed by half-centuries from Tim Ambrose ( 63 ) and Rikki Clarke ( 57 ) . Young paceman Grant Thornton then took two of the four Somerset wickets to fall on Championship debut . But Marcus Trescothick was still there at the close on 41 , out of 94-4 . After two badly rain-interrupted days . the draw remains the most likely result . But the Bears , so badly beaten by an innings in opening two matches , have at least given a chance of forcing victory , although would take 16 wickets in the day to do - and getting Trescothick out twice . Bottom club Somerset 's target on day four will simply be to avoid the follow-on - and need a further 170 to do that . Somerset 's Marcus Trescothick told BBC Radio Bristol : \" One of the office staff told around 10 days ago how close was to 25,000 runs and have been sweating on since then . \" knew when went in that was 29 away . got a bit tense as moved closer . \" is an achievement am proud of but is still a big job for to do in this game . \" was n't a great day for and need to concentrate hard tomorrow to make sure come away with a draw . \" Warwickshire 's Jonathan Trott told BBC Coventry & Warwickshire : \" 's great that Marcus is still playing county cricket and setting an example to the young players in dressing room and opposition teams . \" is no chance will be still be playing at 41 . That 's just silly ! will be a huge wicket for tomorrow . \" had just got past 100 when the new ball was taken so was important hung around for longer if were to get a decent score . started to think in terms of 400 when Rikki Clarke came in and played so well . \" is a bit of turn because is a used pitch . With so much rain , the crustiness has taken longer to form , but hopefully Jeetan Patel can cause a few problems . \"", "The African nation took a first-minute lead , but Grealish quickly levelled . Skipper James Ward-Prowse 's penalty put England ahead , before Nathan Redmond 's screamer and another from Grealish gave a 4-1 half-time lead . Cauley Woodrow 's shot was deflected in by a Guinea defender , with the Fulham forward adding two more in an easy win . Gareth Southgate 's men opened the tournament with a 1-0 win over Portugal on Thursday , Chelsea midfielder Lewis Baker scoring the winner . Next meet Paraguay on Wednesday , rounding off group campaign against Japan on Friday . \" spoke before the game about any team being capable of scoring against ,\" Southgate said . \" started in a sloppy manner , so that was disappointing . \" response was good , showed composure to work way back into the game . The goal difference might end up being important . \" But if start games like that against better opposition , will be a struggle to get back into . \" England : Gunn , Stephens , Holding , Hause ( Chambers 54 ) , Targett , Ward-Prowse ( Chalobah 41 ) , Swift , Grimes , Grealish ( Watmore 60 ) , Redmond ( Palmer 54 ) , Woodrow . Subs not used : Pickford , Iorfa , Loftus-Cheek , Baker , Chilwell .", "claims Universal Music have only paid the band a \" miniscule fraction \" of the money were owed from downloads on sites like iTunes and Amazon . The musician is suing for compensation , according to legal documents filed in Los Angeles on Wednesday . The claim is also filed on behalf of sister , Karen , died in 1983 . Carpenter hired accountants to examine financial statements from Universal Music and subsidiary , A & M Records , has released The Carpenters' music since debut album in 1969 . says found multiple errors , and that the labels \" improperly classified \" revenue from digital downloads of The Carpenters' music as sales of physical records - attract a lower royalty rate . also claims that digital downloads were undercounted . In a statement , Carpenter said had been unable to resolve the dispute without suing . \" The Carpenters recordings are among the best sellers in the history of popular music , and after 48 years continue to contribute a substantial amount to [ Universal 's ] annual bottom line ,\" wrote . \" seems only fair that these companies account fairly to sister 's estate and to . \" Specialising in radio-friendly soft rock , The Carpenters sold millions of records in the 1970s . The brother-sister duo won three Grammy Awards in 1970 and 1971 , including best new artist and best vocal performance for the ballad ( Long to Be ) Close to . The band 's career was cut short when Karen developed anorexia nervosa in 1975 . Although continued to record , the condition eventually led to death , from heart failure . Richard Carpenter 's legal claim is one of many filed in the US after a 2010 court case involving Eminem , resulted in a ruling that artists should receive higher royalty payments for digital downloads than do when a CD or vinyl album is sold . The difference is substantial . According to Billboard , artists get 15 % of the money generated by the sale of a record . For downloads , are counted as \" licensed content \" , the figure 50 % . Artists including Peter Frampton , Public Enemy , Whitesnake and The Temptations have all sued , or threatened to sue , in order to obtain the higher rate . Universal Music were not immediately available to respond to the latest case . Follow on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Sayes Court will double in size and provide an additional 210 places by September 2015 . Surrey County Council said needs to \" bridge a \u00c2 \u00a3 215m funding gap \" for 13,000 places , blaming an \" unprecedented demand \" on services . said nearby Esher School is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity by 210 places .", "The 26-year-old midfielder signed a one-month deal at Fratton Park on Monday and made debut against Coventry in the EFL Cup 24 hours later . \" have n't come here just to sit on the bench ,\" the Congo international told BBC Radio Solent . \" 'm hungry and Portsmouth are a top club . \" Linganzi and goalkeeper Liam O'Brien , 24 , have both signed short-term deals . O'Brien returns for a second spell at Portsmouth , having left in 2010 . The former England Under-19 international has previously played for Barnet , Brentford and Dagenham .", "Back-row Henderson has a hamstring tear while wing Bowe is recovering from a serious knee injury . Rob Herring ( hamstring ) , Paul Marshall and Alan O'Connor ( both illness ) are available to face Zebre on Friday . Nick Williams ( shoulder ) , Luke Marshall ( ankle ) and Ian Humphreys ( hip / back ) could also return against the Italians as Ulster 's injury woes begin to ease . The trio are rated doubtful but Sammy Arnold will be sidelined for up to three weeks because of a \" low grade \" hamstring tear . Dan Tuohy will have exploratory surgery on a \" significant \" ankle fracture before a date is determined for return . Wiehahn Herbst will have a further assessment on a toe injury while Willie Faloon is set to see a specialist for a prognosis on a chronic foot injury . The return of Ireland internationals Henderson and Bowe would be a massive boost for an Ulster side sitting fourth in the Pro12 standings .", "voted unanimously to ask pub firm Punch Taverns to not allow The Corn Exchange pub in Crickhowell to be turned into a convenience store . The town has only one national chain - Boots chemist - while all other businesses are family run and independent . Last week 200 people attended a protest over the plan . The final decision on the application will be taken by Brecon Beacons National Park Authority . Neither the park authority nor Punch Taverns were represented at the meeting .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Blair Alston opened the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time , heading an Aaron Muirhead cross into the bottom corner . John Baird netted 18th of the season shortly after the break . But Derek Lyle pulled a goal back with a neat turn and finish and Iain Russell 's strike levelled the scores in stoppage time .", "St Clare 's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham has met with equality leaders at the city council to discuss a complaint from the pupil 's family . The council is supporting the school to ensure policies are appropriate . But Muslim Women 's Network UK said the school was not at fault as young girls are not required to wear headscarves . Read more news for Birmingham and the Black Country The Handsworth school states on website that \" hats or scarves are not allowed to be worn in school \" alongside examples including a woman in a headscarf . Labour councillor Waseem Zaffar , cabinet member for transparency , openness and equality , met the school 's head teacher last week . In a comment posted on Facebook at the weekend , claiming the school had contravened the Equality Act , the councillor wrote : \" 'm insisting this matter is addressed asap with a change of policy . \" Senior education officers from Birmingham City Council will also discuss this matter with the concerned school early next week whilst the head and governors discuss next action . \" In a council statement , Brigid Jones , cabinet member for children , families and schools , said : \" Each school 's governing body is responsible for the creation and implementation of own uniform policy . \" However , the local authority is supporting the school to ensure policy is appropriate , in line with legal requirements , and are engaging with all schools to remind of responsibilities when comes to setting school uniform policies . \" Shaista Gohir , from Muslim Women 's Network UK - works to improve equality for Muslim women and girls , said : \" The school is allowed to set uniform policy and schools do have to be mindful and inclusive and cohesive and make sure that do n't breach duties under the Equality Act . \" But have n't done anything wrong because is no Islamic requirement for a four-year-old to be wearing a headscarf . \" The school has not commented .", "Alexander Reid repeatedly told Department of Work and Pensions staff in application forms and at interviews that was single . But in reality was living with wife Kathleen Reid , despite having claimed to be separated . Reid was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . The 59-year-old , from Dundee , had denied a charge under the Social Security Administration Act that fraudulently claimed employment support allowance and income support totalling \u00a3 39,808 . Defence solicitor John Boyle asked that Reid be spared jail and given a community payback order as an alternative to a prison sentence . Sheriff Tom Hughes told Reid : \" Because of the sum of money involved a custodial sentence is the only option . \"", "The initial estimate showed growth picking up from the first quarter of the year , when was 0.2 % . The ONS said the growth was driven by services , particularly retail , more than offset falls in output in the manufacturing and construction sectors . added had been a \" notable slowdown \" in growth from last year . However , the figure for the second quarter was in line with economists' expectations . Analysts said the rise in growth was unlikely to change expectations that the Bank of England will keep interest rates at current record low next week . ONS head of national accounts Darren Morgan said : \" The economy has experienced a notable slowdown in the first half of this year . \" Film production in the UK , plus box-office receipts from cinemas , was one of the best performing parts of the economy during the period . \" While services such as retail , and film production and distribution showed some improvement in the second quarter , a weaker performance from construction and manufacturing pulled down overall growth ,\" Mr Morgan said . On Monday , the International Monetary Fund downgraded forecast for UK economic growth this year because of the weak first-quarter figure . The IMF said expects UK GDP to grow by 1.7 % instead of previous projection of 2 % . Chancellor Philip Hammond said the UK economy had now grown consistently for four-and-a-half years . \" can be proud of that , but are not complacent ,\" added . \" need to focus on restoring productivity growth to deliver higher wages and living standards for people across the country . \" Labour shadow chancellor John McDonnell said : \" Today 's GDP figures reveal weak growth under a weak government , and expose the last seven years of Tory economic failure . \" Growth for the first half of 2017 is below expectations , and follows continued data showing working families are being squeezed with wages not keeping up with prices . \" Aberdeen Asset Management chief economist Lucy O'Carroll said : \" This pick-up will be taken as good news , but really does n't amount to much . \" The figures are the first estimate of growth , based on very patchy data . always get revised over time , and often substantially so . \" 's the underlying trends matter . do n't look favourable at the moment , given the uncertainties around Brexit and the pressure on household budgets from higher inflation . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Blues boss says side have \" almost \" won the Premier League title after 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge moved 10 points clear at the top . United dominated possession and had more chances than the league leaders . Mourinho said : \" prepared for to be like this . was the game wanted and expected . \" Chelsea will be champions if win at Arsenal and Leicester in next two matches , having beaten third-placed United with a first-half goal from Eden Hazard . Visiting manager Louis van Gaal said was side 's \" best display of the season \" but Mourinho insists was part of the game plan . \" was difficult , but less than think ,\" said . \" Control direct football to Marouane Fellaini and control the wingers from making crosses on the inside foot . \" When know Wayne Rooney plays in midfield , control progression into the box . Control set-pieces and do n't give away direct free-kicks as have three specialists . \" Wait for a mistake and score a goal . were able to make important players disappear . Nobody saw . were in pockets . \" United went into the match knowing needed to win for the first time in five league visits to Chelsea to have any realistic hope of winning the title . But , despite big celebrations at the end of the match , Mourinho was careful to point out side are not champions yet . \" are not celebrating ,\" said . \" Football is not about ' ifs' and ' almosts ' , is about mathematics . When is done , is done , and until that moment do n't celebrate . \" The celebration is because have beaten one of the biggest clubs in the world . The celebration is because have everything to win that game and the result is because of the work did all week to prepare for this game . \" feel are almost there but are no ' almosts' in football . \"", "Older People 's Commissioner for Wales Sarah Rochira will call on pensioners and friends and families to hear experiences of residential care . The evidence will be used to develop recommendations for care providers and public bodies . is part of Ms Rochira 's review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales . said would highlight good care but also show the impact of poor care upon older people . \" The voices of older people , as well as those care for and care about , are at the heart of work as commissioner , is why want to hear about experiences of residential care ,\" said . \" have travelled extensively across Wales , meeting with many older people living in residential care , and have seen for the positive impact high quality care can have on people 's lives . \" However , have also received an increasing amount of correspondence in the past year about the quality of life and care of older people living in residential care and have spoken publicly about consider to be unacceptable variations across Wales . \" The commissioner will be reviewing whether older people living in residential care have a good quality of life by looking at factors such as physical and psychological health , social relationships and the care home environment . team will also speak to care providers , social care staff and public bodies . \" By giving a voice to older people and families , review and recommendations will ensure that those are accountable for and run services understand the day-to-day realities of living in residential care in Wales and the action required to deliver the change needed to ensure that that older people living in residential care have the best quality of life ,\" said . The chair of Care Forum Wales , Mario Kreft , said group was dedicated to developing and promoting best practice in social care and supported the overall aims of the review . \" disappointment however - will be shared by many providers - is that the commissioner has not included a provider expert on the main advisory panel ,\" said . \" As far as can see no-one has lived in , worked in , managed or owned a care home is represented on the panel . \" In view , this misses the opportunity for partnership working and to engage the sector fully into the advisory panel . \"", "Mr Evans joined the civil service in 2010 and is currently deputy permanent secretary to the Welsh Government . will succeed Ian Jones in the role from October . S4C 's chairman Huw Jones said Mr Evans was a \" highly respected leader \" . Mr Evans was educated at Ysgol Penweddig , Aberystwyth . graduated in economics at Swansea University . was director of Business in the Community Wales , from 2008 and 2010 , and a member of the Welsh Language Board from 2005 and 2010 .", "Sakho , is currently on loan at Crystal Palace , tested positive for the fat burner higenamine in March 2017 and served a provisional 30-day suspension . Uefa dismissed the case in July . European football 's governing body blamed \" gaps in communication \" between Wada and two of laboratories . A Uefa report released on Thursday said was \" clearly not possible \" for anyone to tell whether higenamine is a prohibited substance by reading Wada 's banned list . \" The fact that the Cologne laboratory tested for higenamine but had to check with Wada before making a determination indicates a problem , as does the fact that the Lausanne laboratory does not test for ,\" added . \" The onus is clearly on Wada to communicate to laboratories is and is not on the prohibited list . \" are clearly gaps in communication with regard to higenamine , something also tends to support the suggestion that Wada 's own internal procedure and analysis in respect of this substance is incomplete . \" Sakho , 27 , admitted taking the substance without Liverpool 's knowledge but contended was not on the banned list , was supported by the report into the case by Uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body . The France international has not played for Liverpool since testing positive and moved to Palace on loan in February .", "If have a picture would like to share , please see below the images for details on how to submit . If have a picture 'd like to share , email at england @ bbc.co.uk , post on Facebook or tweet to @ BBCEngland . can also find on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image there . When emailing pictures , please make sure include the following information : Please note that whilst welcome all pictures , are more likely to use those have been taken in the past week . If submit a picture , do so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In contributing to England 's Big Picture agree to grant a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way want , and in any media worldwide . 's important to note , however , that still own the copyright to everything contribute to England 's Big Picture , and that if image is accepted , will publish name alongside . The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and reserve the right to edit comments . At no time should endanger or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind of media .", "Maj-Gen Yair Golan said on the eve of Thursday 's annual Holocaust Day that detected trends in Israeli society suggestive of \" nauseating processes \" occurred in 1930s Nazi Germany . Mr Netanyahu said the comments were outrageous , cheapened the Holocaust and caused harm to Israel . Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon said had \" total confidence \" in Gen Golan . \" If 's something frightens about Holocaust remembrance 's the recognition of the nauseating processes occurred in Europe in general , and particularly in Germany , back then - 70 , 80 and 90 years ago - and finding signs of here among today in 2016 ,\" the deputy chief of staff said on Wednesday . \" is , after all , nothing easier and simpler than hating the foreigner ... arousing fears and terrifying . \" But Mr Netanyahu said Gen Golan 's remarks were \" utterly mistaken and unacceptable to \" . \" The comparison drawn in the words of the deputy chief of staff regarding events characterised Nazi Germany 80 years ago is outrageous ,\" said . \" do injustice to Israeli society and cause a belittling of the Holocaust . \" Correspondents say right-wing members of Mr Netanyahu 's coalition have called for Gen Golan 's resignation , accusing of dishonouring the dead . But Defence Minister Yaalon said the criticism was an attempt to cause political harm to the military . \" The attacks against [ Gen Golan ] and the current criticism against are deliberate distortions of interpretation of the things said last night ,\" added . The remarks come at a time of heightened tension between Israelis and Palestinians . A wave of stabbing , shooting and car-ramming attacks by Palestinians and Israeli Arabs over the past eight months have left 29 Israelis dead . More than 200 Palestinians - mostly attackers , Israel says - have also been killed in that period . has been debate and controversy over Israelis' response to the attacks . In March , an Israeli soldier was filmed shooting dead a wounded Palestinian . has been charged with manslaughter . has been some public sympathy for the soldier but Mr Yaalon backed the military establishment in prosecuting . In October last year , an Eritrean immigrant was shot and beaten to death by an angry crowd after being mistaken for an Arab militant in the town of Beersheba , prompting concern about mob reactions to people thought to be suspicious .", "In February 2016 ministers said funding would stay at \u00a3 6.7m in 2016-17 , whilst S4C 's remit and funding was reviewed . MPs urged ministers to drop plans to cut contribution to \u00a3 6.1m as the review had not yet begun . Culture Minister Matt Hancock said secretary of state Karen Bradley was considering the matter . Most of S4C 's \u00a3 80m budget comes from the licence fee . The Wales Office does not expect the investigation to be completed until the end of 2017 . During a Westminster debate on Wednesday , Mr Hancock said the Department of Culture , Media and Sport 's contribution to S4C 's budget was currently set to fall to \u00a3 6.1m in 2017-18 . \" are aware of commitments given by predecessor [ ex-Culture Secretary John Whittingdale ] around timing - and this is an issue the secretary of state [ Karen Bradley ] is currently considering ,\" said . Ceredigion MP Mark Williams , called the debate on S4C 's future , said : \" is absolutely right that a review takes place to ensure that has the funding necessary to fulfil remit and strategy over the longer term . \" The comprehensive review into S4C announced in February last year , by the former secretary of state , along with a reversal of a cut , prior to the outcome of the review , was welcome . \" But are now in 2017 and still waiting for a promised review , and is cross-party concern about the delay . \" Mr Hancock said would be an announcement about the review \" shortly \" and promised that would be chaired by someone with \" a thorough understanding of Wales and an interest in the Welsh language \" .", "ScotRail said the Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel would be closed from 20 March until 8 August . Services will divert to low-level platforms or Glasgow Central , bringing timetable changes and in some cases , longer journey times . The work is part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 60m upgrade project will allow faster and longer trains to use the station . Passengers on ScotRail 's main Edinburgh to Glasgow service , via Falkirk High , are being advised to travel via Bathgate and Airdrie . That journey will take around 70 minutes . Phil Verster , managing director of the ScotRail Alliance , said : \" Upgrading the tunnel will allow to run faster , longer , greener trains in the future . \" This will mean more seats , shorter journey times and less impact on environment . \" The long-term benefits of this investment will be considerable , not just for railway , but also for the country . \" ScotRail said the closure was necessary to enable major engineering work to renew 1,800m of existing concrete slab track formation , carries the rails through the 918m tunnel . The firm said this was the largest engineering project undertaken on the Edinburgh to Glasgow , via Falkirk High , railway , since was built . The project will involve 140 days of continuous round-the-clock working , the removal of 10,000 tonnes of existing concrete slab and the installation of 4,000m of new rails . ScotRail has now launched a dedicated webpage to give passengers more information about the impact of the project . Transport Minister Derek Mackay said : \" This is a once in a generation project and one of the most ambitious ever planned on the Edinburgh-Glasgow route . \" The works will support the introduction of a new generation of faster , quieter and greener electric trains on routes across the Central Belt next year . \" Although understand that this work will cause some inconvenience to passengers , the ScotRail Alliance is working to ensure that services are maintained where possible , disruption is kept to a minimum and that passengers are kept well informed throughout the work . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device Al Hasawi , took control of the Reds in the summer of 2012 , would not reveal the identity of the buyers . However , BBC Sport understands that a United States consortium , led by millionaire John Jay Moores , is on the verge of securing a \u00a3 50m deal . The takeover would see the former San Diego Padres owner take an 80 % stake in the Championship club . Moores' consortium were previously interested in buying Premier League side Everton , and the potential new owners met club staff last week .", "The IMF 's steering committee , made up of 25 of the world 's largest economies , said the global outlook was fraught because of weak trade and a series of risks including a UK exit from the EU . urged countries to boost public spending and avoid deflation . The IMF last week made second cut to global growth forecasts this year . Christine Lagarde , managing director of the IMF , described the talks between finance ministers and central bankers in Washington DC as \" collective therapy \" to deal with the gloomy prospects . But said calmer financial markets since February had reduced the nerves at the IMF spring meeting . \" was not exactly the same level of anxiety but think was an equal level of concern , and a collective endeavour to identify the solution and the responses to the global economic situation ,\" said . The IMF now predicts global growth of 3.2 % this year and 3.5 % in 2017 , having previously forecast 3.4 % and 3.6 % respectively . \" Downside risks to the global economic outlook have increased since October , raising the possibility of a more generalised slowdown and a sudden pull-back of capital flows ,\" the IMF steering committee said . said countries' tax policies and public spending should be \" as growth-friendly as possible \" . But also pledged to \" refrain from all forms of protectionism and competitive devaluations \" , amid concerns that some countries are keeping currencies weak to boost exports .", "Donald Trump , Jeb Bush and Scott Walker will take the stage in Cleveland on Thursday night with seven rivals . Fox News selected the 10 most popular Republicans based on five national polls , excluding Mr Perry and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham . Those two and five other candidates will take part in an earlier debate . Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum reacted angrily to omission . \" The idea that have left out the runner-up for the 2012 nomination [ Santorum ] , the former four-term governor of Texas [ Perry ] , the governor of Louisiana [ Bobby Jindal ] , the first female Fortune 50 CEO [ Carly Fiorina ] , and the 3-term Senator from South Carolina [ Graham ] due to polling seven months before a single vote is cast is preposterous ,\" spokesman said . In contrast , Mr Perry tweeted that was looking forward to being on Fox at 5pm for \" a serious exchange of ideas and positive solutions to get America back on track \" . The main debate takes place four hours later at 9pm local time ( 01:00 GMT ) . All eyes will be on hotel tycoon Mr Trump , leads the polls and has made headlines with outspoken remarks about many of rivals . A fun guide to the 10 Republican debaters One of the Republican frontrunners , Jeb Bush , became embroiled in a row with leading Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton over women 's health funding on Tuesday . The former Florida governor was attacked by Mrs Clinton after told a conservative Christian audience was n't sure \" need half a billion dollars for women 's health issues \" . But later said \" misspoke \" after criticism of remarks . Meet all of the 2016 hopefuls", "The 21-year-old joined Tigers on loan in February , making five appearances , and is one of four uncapped players in the England squad for the summer Tests . Genge made senior debut for Bristol in the 2013-14 British and Irish Cup , and scored six tries in 26 appearances . \" Ellis has made a big impression in time on loan with ,\" said Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill . \" is a great young prospect and seems to have found home at Leicester in time on loan with . \" hope continues to build on that first impression and look forward to seeing development here . \" Genge is in the England squad both for Saturday 's Test at home to Wales and the June tour of Australia .", "Stephen Hammond said job roles would change when the paper system for car tax discs is scrapped in October . The minister allayed fears about job losses in a letter to Swansea East AM Mike Hedges . Mr Hedges said the minister 's response would \" give comfort \" to DVLA employees . Concerns over the future of some of the 5,000 workers at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency centre were raised in October after Chancellor George Osborne 's Autumn Statement . The chancellor announced that the tax disc would be replaced with an electronic system in October 2014 . The new system will allow people to pay the charge by monthly direct debit . Mr Hedges had written to Mr Hammond asking for clarification of the government 's intentions . In response to Mr Hedges , Mr Hammond said : \" is likely that the introduction of a direct debit scheme may mean will be a natural reduction in the amount of refunds received , in addition to the withdrawal of the tax disc . \" This may mean changes to job roles and the need to train on new processes . \" Any reductions in numbers of people needed for these activities will be managed through redeploying to other growth areas of the business . \" Mr Hedges welcomed the minister 's assurances . added : \" Whilst disappointed that the changes will reduce the number of job opportunities at the DVLA , can see the advantages of both paying by monthly direct debits and not having to show a tax disc . \" am pleased the minister is committed to redeployment rather than redundancies and am sure this response will give comfort to many concerned DVLA employees . \"", "The England and Wales Cricket Board made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches and Rhodes says has already made a difference . \" think has ,\" told BBC Hereford and Worcester . \" If look back , have been some very poor wickets - maybe this was the only way could do . \" The 51-year-old former England wicketkeeper added : \" think , to a certain extent , 's worked . \" have been some criticisms about wickets being too flat but if 're prepared to bat for a long period of time and concentrate , 'll get runs . \" Worcestershire 's two Championship matches so far - have both been draws - have produced eight centuries , with five coming in the match against Gloucestershire and three more in last game with Essex . England all-rounder Moeen Ali , Joe Clarke , Brett D'Oliveira and Tom Kohler-Cadmore have all reached three figures for the New Road side and Rhodes says better pitches will help sort out the best players . \" Too many good players were playing forward defensive shots and getting out to average bowlers - that 's was happing before with the wickets ,\" added . \" Now those bowlers are struggling a little bit - think is a good thing . \"", "Newsbeat has just the place for . If the social networking company gets way could be checking in to Facebook Town . The social media company has bought up more than 200 acres of Silicon Valley . According to Silicon Valley Business Journal Facebook \" feel just ca n't build a corporate campus , has to be integrated into the community \" . A Facebook Spokesperson told Newsbeat : \" This purchase is an investment in future and the future of Menlo Park . Being a good neighbour is extremely important to . \" look forward to continuing dialogue with city and community leaders on local priorities in the months and years to come . \" In reality 's still too early to say exactly Facebook may do with the site and whether will go ahead with a full scale giant Facebook town where workers and local people can live next to Facebook HQ . No official plans appear to have been drawn up and Facebook may not move in for a number of years but is considering building the town . owns the land near Menlo Park in California and has been the area 's largest employer for years . More than a quarter of the residents there work for Facebook . Building towns for workers is nothing new . In the past a soap factory built the town of Port Sunlight in the Wirral and Bournville in Birmingham was built for the chocolate company . Facebook Town may be seen as a way of offering something back to the area . The company and other computer industries have been blamed for pushing up house prices , making hard for locals to get on the property ladder . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Bailey died after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 October . The 16-year-old accused - cannot be named for legal reasons - appeared in private at Aberdeen Sheriff Court . The boy is also charged with having a blade or point on school premises . made no plea , was fully committed and remanded in custody . Special assemblies were held on Monday as pupils returned to classes for the first time since the incident . Bailey 's family issued a message of thanks for the support have received .", "The 25-year-old has been with Carlisle since 2008 , making 160 appearances for the club and turned down a new deal to join the Saddlers . \" knew was after a new challenge . can come in and be a dominant number one for ,\" Walsall manager Jon Whitney told the club website . Meanwhile , 22-year-old goalkeeper Liam Roberts has agreed a new one-year deal . The contract signed by former Chester loanee Roberts , has made one senior appearance for Walsall , includes the option of a further year in the League One club 's favour . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "Wa-ays Dhaye , 18 , died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked in Thurston Street , Slough , in August . was walking home after spending the day at Notting Hill Carnival . Khianni Gordon was jailed for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder while Kaneel Huggins and Antwon Clarke were given 10 and nine-year sentences respectively for manslaughter . Gordon , 18 , was also convicted of perverting the course of justice . Clarke and Huggins' sentences were referred to the Court of Appeal by the Attorney General under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme . Huggins , 19 , had sentence increased to 16 years , and Clarke , 18 , had sentence increased to 15 years . Gordon 's sentence was not considered by the court . Speaking after the hearing , Attorney General Jeremy Wright said : \" These offenders knowingly participated in the plan to assault and injure Wa'ays Dhaye knowing full well that really serious harm or death could be caused . \" Knife crime is a real scourge of society and 's important that prison terms for this type of crime reflect the seriousness of the offending . \" Mr Dhaye , was born in Holland but lived in Slough for 10 years , was stabbed while walking home after spending August bank holiday at the Notting Hill Carnival . died later in hospital . Det Ch Insp Kevin Brown of Thames Valley Police , said the three had \" hunted down \" Mr Dhaye following a minor altercation between two groups at the carnival . said : \" The three of left Wa-ays dying in the street and was members of the public found and came to aid . \" Update 21 November 2016 : This story has been amended following updated information supplied by the Attorney General about the sentencing", "The 19-year-old moved to Glasgow a year ago and has played in more than 40 games for the Scottish champions . 18-month deal ends in the summer and Roberts intends to return to City to battle for a place . \" 'll always have that belief ; the more play , the more improve ,\" said Roberts . \" 's been first proper season playing men 's football . did a bit at Fulham , but was in and out , the same at Man City , so coming here , the manager before [ Ronny Deila ] played a lot and Brendan 's [ Rodgers ] been really good with as well . \" 's been good and 'm thoroughly enjoying . came here to improve , to win trophies and score goals . \" Hopefully at the end of the season can take that back with to City and have a good go there . 's been a great experience and 'm thankful for that . \" Roberts has often found Scott Sinclair and James Forrest starting games ahead of this season , but the winger says has learned from working alongside Sinclair in particular . also insists that the camaraderie within the squad has been a significant factor as Celtic reached the Champions League group stages and have put together a run of 25 unbeaten domestic matches . If Celtic can avoid defeat against St Johnstone on Wednesday , will equal the record of 26 set by the Lisbon Lions in the 1966-67 season . Roberts , though , insists that the players are not giving too much thought to the record . \" The team spirit 's been great since day one , when the manager came in and the boys came back for pre-season ,\" said . \" 've kept each other going , 've had good times , fun together , and done well on the pitch . shows in results and if continue to do that , should be a very good season for . \" 's [ about ] momentum , feel good , positive and go into every game believing can win . The more win , the more positive are . 're in good stead right now and 'll go into Wednesday firing and ready to go . \" 're just going out with the mentality to win every game . On Wednesday 'll show that again . 'll be buzzing to be back in the league and looking to put on a good show . \" 's more other people [ looking at the record ] , just focus on trying to win . 'll do all can to do that and focus on the game . \"", "Gilmartin , 30 , has signed an undisclosed-length deal after leaving the Hornets , where failed to play a first-team game in three years . most recent senior match in England came for Plymouth in January 2013 . Keeper Brill , 31 , joined Colchester in January on a short-term deal and rejected the offer of a new contract . The former Luton , Barnet and Oldham player found as number two to Sam Walker , played every league game last season . Gilmartin will coach keepers Walker and Dillon Barnes , with Ademola Bankole leaving the role after more than nine years at the club . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "John and Elizabeth Knott from Bosbury , in Herefordshire , were found dead at home in August . Each had died from a single shotgun wound . A shotgun registered to Mr Knott , 71 , was recovered by police at the scene . Assistant Coroner Roland Wooderson recorded a verdict of unlawful killing for Mrs Knott , while finding Mr Knott intentionally took own life . The couple 's daughter Elizabeth Conway said was shocked , but not surprised . \" Mum did n't want to continue to live like that and Dad could n't see a life without Mum ,\" said in a statement . The inquest , sitting at Hereford Town Hall , heard Mrs Knott , 70 , had been suffering from Alzheimer 's disease and anxiety . Friends described how Mr Knott had been devoted to wife , known as Anne , and had been upset when attended a nearby respite care home . A couple of days after arriving at the care home , the inquest was told Mr Knott arranged for wife to return home and two days later the couple were found dead . Relatives alerted police after becoming concerned about . were found in a workshop at the back of garage . The door had been locked from the inside and the handle removed . Giving evidence , Det Sgt Tim Powell said was no sign of any third-party involvement . The inquest also heard Mr Knott had been concerned by plans by travellers to move on to land next to home .", "The government said has now turned back 633 asylum seekers were trying to reach Australia by boat . In July a small wooden boat , the first \" illegal \" vessel entry into Australia since June 2014 , was spotted off the north-west coast . was not seen again and the government refused to say where was . The government usually refuses to comment on boat turn-backs but Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Thursday told local media : \" were 46 people on a recent venture did come from Vietnam ; have negotiated return to Vietnam . \" \" The boat came on has been scuttled and have been able to stare down that venture ,\" said , adding that the government 's policy was not to allow people arriving \" illegally \" by boat to settle in Australia . Australia has been sending migrant boats back to where came from since December 2013 . Refugee support group VOICE said three of the Vietnamese refugees were now in police detention in Vietnam . Spokesman Trug Doan told the Australian Broadcasting Corp were being held \" for an indefinite period for interrogation \" . The Greens party has said the turn-backs are a breach of the UN 's Refugee Convention . Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young said last month that handing the Vietnamese group back to Vietnam would be refoulement - the expulsion of people entitled to claim refugee status .", "The Spaniard , 23 , started on pole but slipped to fifth place after an early technical issue . recovered and overtook Valentino Rossi with 12 laps to go , securing fourth win of the season and taking championship total to 248 points . Rossi struggled to close down Marquez 's lead and fell behind defending champion Jorge Lorenzo to finish in third . Victory - the 28th of career in the top category - gives Marquez a clear lead over second-placed Rossi , with four races remaining . Earlier , Brad Binder became the first South African motorcycle grand prix world champion since 1980 as won the Moto3 title . 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 41 minutes 57.678 seconds 2. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:00.418 3. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 42:03.661 4. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:05.916 5. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 42:10.899 6. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 42:14.750 7. Aleix Espargaro ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:16.200 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:17.110 9. Alvaro Bautista ( Spa ) Aprilia - 42:20.749 10. Stefan Bradl ( Ger ) Aprilia - 42:25.576 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 248 points 2. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 196 3. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 182 4. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 155 5. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 149 6. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 105 7. Andrea Dovizioso ( Ita ) Ducati - 104 8. Andrea Iannone ( Ita ) Ducati - 96 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 96 10. Hector Barbera ( Spa ) Ducati - 84", "Cornish-born Glover was meant to be back with winning partner Heather Stanning , but Glover , 27 , won the with Swann last season . \" had a whole year together last year so hopefully 'll click into place ,\" told BBC Radio Cornwall . \" 's clicking into place fairly easily , just need to get back onto the same page technically and get doing the same things . \" Swann replaced Stanning last season after Glover and Swann won three World Cup events together last season as well as the world title in South Korea . And with a good performance in Amsterdam , Glover says could be some tough decisions for the Great Britain selectors as to partners in the coxless pair for the rest of this season . said : \" 's going to be a quite interesting one with Heather coming back after taking a year out with the army and Polly staying here . \" 's lots of selection things about will be in the pair out of those two . \" But want to keep eye on the World Championships at the end of August in Amsterdam . \" 'd be great to try and hold on to world champion title , else is in the boat with . \"", "said was \" dispiriting if pretty unsurprising \" to see David Cameron 's government turn back on the coalition 's \" liberal stance \" . The former deputy prime minister also criticised former partners' \" swagger \" over the EU referendum . And , in final speech to MPs as Lib Dem leader , predicted the EU debate would \" devour \" Mr Cameron 's party . A contest to replace Mr Clegg is under way after the election left party with just eight MPs . \" party 's presence may be much , much reduced in size , but mission is clearer than ever ,\" said Mr Clegg . said new data monitoring powers , resisted by party in government , represented a \" turbo charged snooper 's charter \" , and said had not been enough to support social care and house-building . accused the Conservatives of ditching commitment to civil liberties . \" The human rights hold dear , right to privacy in an online age , future as an open-minded , outward-looking country , are all hanging in the balance again because of the measures announced today ,\" said . \" The previous coalition government 's commitment to fairness is weakened ,\" added . Mr Clegg said sensed \" a slight swagger \" among the Conservatives over Mr Cameron 's bid to repatriate powers from the EU , saying the PM was \" ambivalent \" towards the UK 's place in Europe . And called for electoral reform and wholesale changes to Britain 's constitution , adding : \" This sort of piecemeal tinkering does not go nearly far enough . \" began speech , in a half empty chamber , by saying was \" an unaccustomed surprise \" to speak in the Commons without being greeted by a \" disobliging wall of noise \" from the opposition benches . Following the Lib Dem leader in the Commons , Conservative MP Andrew Mitchell said history would treat Mr Clegg 's time as deputy prime minister more kindly than the electorate had .", "Output rose 9.3 % from a year ago , was up from March 's figure of 8.9 % but below market forecasts for a 9.5 % rise . Fixed-asset investment also weakened in the first four months of 2013 . Last week , a separate survey suggested that manufacturing activity , a subset of industrial production , grew at a slower pace in April . \" This is not the start of a rally , is a sputtering whimper as momentum continues to fade ,\" said economists at IHS Global Insight . By Linda YuehChief business correspondent IHS also said that slowing fixed-asset investment - a key measure of government spending - suggested weakness in manufacturing and infrastructure construction , and warned that the pace could fall further amid government efforts to curb the housing market . Separately , Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts also warned that was an increased \" downside risk \" to the economy . China 's economy expanded at an annual rate of 7.7 % in the first three months of the year , down from 7.9 % in the previous quarter . Officials have warned that the economy is set to slow as the government attempts to rebalance the economy by getting domestic consumer demand to drive growth , rather than investments and exports . This attempt now appears to be having an impact . According to government statistics , in the first three months of this year , the largest part of the economy was services - not manufacturing .", "Tshibola , 20 , came through the Royals' academy system and signed first professional contract last summer . made professional debut against Nottingham Forest in August . Bingham , 21 , joined Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer and has scored four goals in 20 games for the Stags in all competitions . Pools are awaiting clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo to feature against Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday .", "Polling booths opened at 07:00 BST in the area 's 15 constituencies , with results expected to be declared after midnight . Votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00 BST . For the latest news from all the counts on Merseyside , go to election live service or check the results on constituency profile page .", "The poster with the phrase # prayforjosh appeared in Holywood by the A2 within the last week . is part of a social media campaign supporting 13-year-old Joshua Martin , from Donaghadee , County Down . Life took a dramatic turn for the teenager when was diagnosed with cancer on Christmas Eve . was due to have an operation on appendix at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast . However , doctors instead discovered and removed a large primary cancer and five smaller growths . The news shocked Josh 's family , but since diagnosis have received lots of support from people all over the world . began as a hashtag on Facebook and Instagram by Bangor Elim Church , where Josh 's father is on the pastoral staff , and has since gone viral . The church 's senior pastor , Gary Beattie , said was amazed by how many people have supported Josh and family so far . \" were in total shock when was diagnosed , and really the family just wanted support from people and to ask people to pray for Josh ,\" Gary said . \" certainly is n't a campaign as such , just put the hashtag on Facebook posts to get some of congregation thinking about . had no idea that would take off . \" would use social media quite a lot because have quite a young congregation , and 've been posting updates about Josh from family . \" The update was shared 948 times and 's been seen by over 79,000 people . 's absolutely phenomenal . \" thought had been a mistake , but can look at the views and where 've come from , and are people all over the world supporting , is great . \" But how did a social media hashtag lead to the appearance of the massive billboard ? Gary said that last week a mystery donor paid for the sign and was erected at Holywood playing fields . \" do not know where came from , did n't put there , but means a lot to have such support ,\" Gary said . has also been a huge outpouring of support on Twitter for the Bangor Grammar pupil , with classmates using the now-global hashtag for friend . As Josh 's family and friends continue to support in recovery , now seems will be people all over the world will be following suit , thanks to the kindness of County Down strangers .", "GKN Aerospace in Yeovil , Somerset , makes airframes for Royal Navy helicopters , said the potential loss of the contact puts 230 jobs at risk . Leonardo , assembles the Wildcat helicopter in the town , has told GKN plans to take production in-house . The firm said the current arrangement was \" no longer sustainable \" . The union Unite said was a \" massive blow \" . GKN has begun formal consultations with the unions regarding potential job losses in Yeovil . The firm said in a statement that the move by Leonardo \" puts at risk the long term viability of Yeovil site \" . GKN added : \" Having completed a thorough assessment of the business , have regrettably concluded that GKN Yeovil , as stands today , is no longer a sustainable business and will have to be significantly downsized or fully closed . \" will now enter a period of consultation with nominated employee representatives . \" Andy Soughton of the Unite union said talk of a potential site closure was a \" bit of a shock \" . \" 've had quite a few redundancies over the years , and work has dropped off a little bit ,\" said . \" So think people were expecting something to happen . But not a closure . \" More than 250 jobs were lost at GKN 's car manufacturing branch in Telford in Shropshire in August .", "Matthew Gillard , of Connsbrook Avenue in east Belfast , pleaded not guilty to charges including kidnapping and false imprisonment . The defendant , 25 , also denied charges of common assault , assaulting a police officer and driving dangerously . The charges relate to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on Saturday 4 April . Newtownards Magistrates Court heard that the defendant and the woman were in car in east Belfast when began questioning about was seeing . A detective giving evidence in court said the woman tried to get out of the Seat Toledo car but the defendant allegedly drove off at speed , through a red light on Bloomfield Avenue . When the car stopped on the Belfast Road in Comber , the woman escaped along a lane but was carried back to the car by the defendant , the court heard . An off-duty police sergeant saw this and went to help the woman . When the sergeant tried to intervene , the defendant allegedly drove car at the officer , forcing to get out of the way . The sergeant was able to pull the keys from the ignition through the car 's open window , but the defendant wrenched from grasp . then drove to the Grand Parade area of east Belfast where the woman was released . is also alleged to have sent the woman a message threatening that if went to police about the incident would \" ruin life in every possible way \" . The court heard that the defendant handed over to police on Wednesday , despite being aware since Saturday that was wanted by the PSNI . But during police interviews refused to answer questions put to . An application for bail was made but this was refused . Mr Gillard will appear again in court on 1 May .", "The rock is an eroded volcano lies 260 miles ( 418km ) west of the Western Isles and is only 30m ( 100ft ) wide and 21m ( 70ft ) high above the sea . The Nato documents report how the UK claimed Rockall in 1955 . The government feared that could be used by \" hostile agents \" as a place to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range . A small team of military personnel was taken to Rockall by the Royal Navy in September 1955 to claim as UK territory . A Union Flag was raised and a plaque installed on the rock . In the documents , says : \" This decision of the UK government was connected with the fact that the UK government had recently decided to set up a guided missile range in South Uist , in the Outer Hebrides . \" The island of Rockall was uninhabited but this government wished to guard against the possibility of hostile agents installing on the island in order to observe the effects of the tests on the South Uist range . \" People have stayed on Rockall , though only temporarily , in the past , including in 1997 when three campaigners from Greenpeace managed to climb on to the rock . lived on Rockall for 42 days and renamed Waveland in protest at exploration of new oil and gas reserves in the surrounding seabed . In 2014 , a Scots adventurer broke the record for occupying the remote North Atlantic rock . Adventurer Nick Hancock survived on there for 43 days , beating the previous record held by three Greenpeace campaigners lived there for 42 days . The time also beat the previous solo record of 40 days set by Tom McClean in 1985 . Mr Hancock celebrated achieving the solo record by popping a small bottle of champagne while also sending a tweet with a message to veteran adventurer Mr McClean , of Morar in the west Highlands . message was simply : \" Sorry Tom . \"", "Sir Peter Blake received Liverpool 's Citizen of Honour at a ceremony at the city 's Liver building . The 84-year-old also gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover entitled Everybody Razzle Dazzle . Sir Peter , was born in Kent , said hopes Liverpool people will accept as an \" honorary Scouser \" . Lord Mayor of Liverpool Roz Gladden said : \" Sir Peter has helped shape Liverpool 's cultural significance on the global stage for more than five decades - from Sgt Pepper to Everybody Razzle Dazzle . \" work with The Beatles was one of the seminal moments in popular art in the 20th Century and 50 years on still resonates around the world as will see with 50 Summers of Love programme . \" said had continued to make outstanding contributions to the cultural life of the city \" underlining the depth of feeling has for Liverpool and the city has for \" . Sir Peter said : \" As well as music links with the city , 'm proud of association with Liverpool Biennial and Tate Liverpool and hope to continue relationship with the city . \" said treasures \" the warmth and good humour of the people of Liverpool \" . Citizen of Honour awards were introduced in 2008 to recognise individuals have enriched the image of Liverpool and citizens . Recent recipients include James Barton , founder of the nightclub brand Cream , and Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts film director David Yates . The Snowdrop ferry was due to be returned to original paintwork at the end of 2016 but has been extended until 2019 .", "The 25-year-old , is 6ft 9ins tall , joined the Minstermen from Tranmere Rovers on a two-year deal in May , but has only made five appearances . Mooney 's first stint in professional football in England was at Wycombe and spent time at Conference North side Oxford City before joining Tranmere . is available for Alfreton 's game against Welling United on Saturday .", "new official forecast is for the gap between spending and taxes still to be a deficit of \u00a3 7bn in 2019-20 , compared with the Office for Budget Responsibility 's forecast made at the last budget for a surplus of \u00a3 7bn . gloomier projection may be seen as a particular embarrassment for the Tories , given that unlike Labour and the Liberal Democrats are committed to generating a surplus on the overall budget . However a small part of the forecasting difference between the IMF and the OBR is that the IMF assumes will be a weakish minority government after the election and therefore spending will be a bit higher than the Tories' plan . So a senior Tory put a brave face on the IMF 's disagreement with the OBR and said showed the risks of voters not giving a clear mandate . However that is not the whole story , in that the IMF also believes the OBR is being a bit too optimistic about growth and tax revenues in the latter years of the next parliament . In truth therefore the IMF is highlighting that leads the next government may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending a bit more than currently planned . This may represent a bigger headache for the Tories than Labour or the LibDems given that in the last few days the Tories have committed to \u00a3 6bn of tax cuts and \u00a3 8bn of increased spending on the NHS , without saying where the money for these giveaways would come from . In fact just yesterday a senior Tory pointed to the OBR 's projected surplus for 2019 / 20 and said that would cover ( almost ) the NHS commitment . Well the IMF today says that \u00a3 7bn surplus is a chimera . All said , the IMF forecast is a million miles from being devastating for any party : the difference between a \u00a3 7bn deficit and \u00a3 7bn surplus in 2020 is just 0.6 % of GDP or national income - is a rounding error in the context of a deficit was a humongous 10 % of GDP just five years ago .", "Raworth and Michelle Ackerley , formerly a reporter on the BBC One consumer show , will join Matt Allwright and Chris Hollins when new series begins next month . Anne Robinson 's departure from Watchdog after 12 years on the programme was announced earlier this month . Raworth 's addition to the line-up comes more than 30 years after completing work experience on the show . \" Watchdog is the reason got into television ,\" said . \" After doing two weeks work experience on the programme when was 16 , was determined to become a journalist . \" 've presented Watchdog Daily and Test House for the past three years . 'm delighted to have been asked to join Matt , Chris and Michelle for the new series . feels like 've come full circle . \" Ackerley joined the BBC in 2005 and has previously reported for Watchdog and the Crimewatch Roadshow . \" 'm passionate about uncovering and investigating new stories and excited to work with Matt , Chris and Sophie ,\" said . \" 'm genuinely excited to be part of such a fantastic team . \" The new series of Watchdog starts on 8 October .", "A new report published by the corporation showed licence money spending had a positive knock-on effect for regional economies . The total expenditure over the two-year period came to \u00a3 4.3bn , led to a gross value-added ( GVA ) boost to the economy of \u00a3 8.3bn . However , spending in London was three times the rest of the UK combined . The report said : \" The effect of initial BBC spending is ' multiplied ' as ripples through the economy from region to region and sector to sector ( and to the employees of those sectors ) . This is known as the ' multiplier effect '.\" The BBC 's chief economic and policy adviser Najma Rajah explained : \" The basic premise is that when the BBC spends a pound , the impact of that pound is ' multiplied ' as that pound spent by the BBC creates value elsewhere in the economy . \" So , for example , if the BBC were to buy a camera from a supplier in Manchester , the camera supplier would receive some money in return for the camera . \" The camera company would then use the income generated from the sale of the camera to pay suppliers for the components went into the camera and to also pay employees and so on . \" Rajah added : \" A really good example of how this multiplier effect works is when the BBC commissions a programme is made by an independent television production . \" The programme might be filmed in Scotland using local runners , electricians , make-up artists etc . are paid and then will spend wages in Scotland to the benefit of the Scottish economy . \" The report revealed significant growth in the north of England following the opening of the new BBC North headquarters in Salford Quays , with GVA growing 19.7 % to \u00a3 391m . But in the Midlands , fell 21.7 % to \u00a3 199m , while the south was down 18.8 % to \u00a3 699m and Wales dropped 6.2 % to \u00a3 276m . London saw the biggest expenditure of \u00a3 2.98bn - nearly three times as much as the rest of the UK combined - in turn generated \u00a3 5.65bn GVA . John Tate , the BBC 's director of policy and strategy , used the findings of the report to call on Ofcom to reverse plans for a spectrum tax on broadcasters next year . In a blog post wrote : \" The wider benefit of the licence fee provides an extra reason for Ofcom to think again before implements a spectrum tax next year : a levy on the spectrum broadcasters use to transmit programmes . \" As well as hitting licence fee payers , such a tax would remove much-needed cash from the UK 's creative sector . \"", "Security assistance has been withheld since 2011 , when the Gulf state put down mass Shia-led protests . But US State Department spokesman John Kirby said that Bahrain had made progress on human rights , including the release of political prisoners . Bahrain is home to the US Navy 's Fifth fleet and has flown airstrike missions over Syria as part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State ( IS ) . \" believe is important to recognise that the government of Bahrain has made some meaningful progress on human rights reforms and reconciliation ,\" State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a statement . added that this did not mean that the US thought the human rights situation in Bahrain was adequate . \" Following the lift of these holds , will continue to press Bahrain on human rights concerns ,\" Mr Kirby said . gave no details about the security assistance would entail . The move was quickly criticised by rights groups . Sarah Margon , the Washington director of Human Rights Watch , said that the decision to lift restrictions was taking place without any \" real or meaningful political reform \" in Bahrain . said in a statement that \" Bahrain 's jails are bursting at the seams with political detainees and the recent prison sentence for political opposition leader , al-Wefaq secretary general Sheikh Ali Salman , means that a political accommodation remains as far away as ever . \" Earlier in June , Sheikh Salman was jailed for four years for inciting hatred , promoting disobedience and \" insulting \" public institutions . Shia-dominated demonstrations against Bahrain 's Sunni monarchy have occurred sporadically since 2011 . Dozens died when the government moved to quash protests four years ago .", "The ticket for the Grosvenor in Norwich was bought for seven shillings and sixpence and signed at the gig by John Lennon and Ringo Starr . also states the band were supported at the now defunct venue on Prince of Wales Road by local band Ricky Lee and the Hucklebucks . The ticket is being auctioned by Bonhams on 3 July . At the time of the gig The Beatles were celebrating first number one single From To , stayed at the top of the British singles chart for seven weeks . Bonhams said if the ticket also contained the signatures of Paul McCartney and George Harrison , would have been worth nearer \u00a3 4,000 .", "Keith Davies , 56 , from Troedyrhiw , has not been seen since left home at about 12:00 GMT on Saturday . South Wales Police had appealed for information following disappearance . On Monday , the force confirmed a body has been found but has not yet been formally identified . Mr Davies' family has been informed .", "Red Bull motorsport boss Helmut Marko told Germany 's Bild newspaper : \" The idea of Mercedes is finished . are now focusing elsewhere . \" Team principal Christian Horner said was doing \" necessary due diligence \" in talking to other manufacturers . With partnership with Renault disintegrating , the team may be forced to switch to Ferrari engines . Mercedes are understood to be against supplying Red Bull - are contracted to Renault until 2016 - because do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive . Media playback is not supported on this device The German giant is also concerned about and many other F1 insiders perceive to be Red Bull 's history of antagonistic relationships with engine partners . Red Bull 's relationship with Renault has been difficult for some time , and appears to have become untenable in recent months as the team 's frustrations with the lack of competitiveness of the French engine boil over . Honda is the only other manufacturer in F1 , but partner McLaren would almost certainly exercise veto over any potential deal with Red Bull , in any case are not believed to be interested in a deal with the Japanese company at this stage . Renault , supplies only Red Bull and sister team Toro Rosso in F1 , is in the final stages of negotiations to take over the financially troubled Lotus team , although no deal has yet been completed . Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene said the Italian company was prepared to supply Red Bull if necessary . said was not concerned about reputation for being able to build highly-competitive chassis in F1 , led by design chief Adrian Newey . Arrivabene said : \" In theory have big names , with Newey as chief designer and is easy to think that if give the engine will build a scary chassis , means will be really competitive . \" Concerning team , engineers and aerodynamicists know own jobs . For that reason do n't have a problem , and competition is nice when have a stronger competitor . \" This does n't mean tomorrow morning will give engines to Red Bull or Toro Rosso . \" But do n't see any kind of problem to give engine to any other team or be scared of the competition before start . \" This is not the right spirit of competition or Ferrari represents . fight with everybody . \"", "The \" call for sites \" forms part of the second stage of a comprehensive review of the island 's planning strategy . The department has stressed that no guarantees will be given as to where development can take place , but wants to assess the potential . Islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications . The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan . Two main areas have already been deemed suitable for development in Guernsey . These are St Peter Port and St Sampson / Vale , have already been extensively developed . are 10 further areas are under consideration as \" local centres \" , where development will be encouraged in order to provide housing and employment opportunities . Only submissions relating to these areas will be considered . Details of successful and unsuccessful submissions will be published in the final review , meaning will be no confidentiality other than in respect of contact details . Information about the consultation and the submission form required have been made available on the department 's section of the States website .", "The Highland village 's Ruthven Road is mentioned in a line in the film delivered by Janet de Vigne , from Edinburgh . De Vigne 's appearance at the screening will mark the launch of new weekly film nights in Kingussie . The village does not have a cinema , but will hold the events in a local hotel . Holding weekly film nights was suggested during an annual festival celebrating movies . Organiser Iona Malcolm said : \" This was all born at the Kingussie Food on Film Festival when a survey was carried out into interest in a film night in Kingussie . \" The reaction was very , very positive . \" Directed by Danny Boyle , Slumdog Millionaire won eight Oscars in 2009 .", "Division One leaders Middlesex , were bowled out for 381 at Taunton to lead by 145 , looked in charge when reduced Somerset to 59-3 and 126-4 . But Trescothick , made 124 , and Trego , still there on 115 , shared 181 to leave the contest in the balance . Somerset closed on 348-6 , an advantage of 203 runs . On a surface has become easier for batting as the game has progressed , the outcome seems likely to rest on the length of time Trego spends at the crease on the final day . Somerset would perhaps want to post a target in excess of 250 , while anything less would probably leave Middlesex as favourites . That the home side , at one stage looked set to be defeated inside three days , are still in with a shout is down entirely to Trescothick and Trego . Opener Trescothick had seen Johann Myburgh bowled offering no shot to Harry Podmore and captain Chris Rogers shovel the same bowler to point for a duck . After James Hildreth was caught at slip from the off-spin of Ollie Rayner , Trescothick found some support from James Allenby , but when mistimed a pull to mid-on , Somerset were still 19 behind . But Trescothick , playing characteristically powerful cover drives , and Trego , capitalised as the Middlesex bowlers often dropped short , compiled huge fifth-wicket stand to drag the hosts back into . Trescothick 's 48th Somerset hundred took past Sir Viv Richards to second on the all-time list , while Trego completed 14th first-class ton . Only when James Harris found some late energy did have both Trescothick and Craig Overton caught behind , leaving Alex Barrow to accompany Trego to the close . Harris was earlier the last Middlesex wicket to fall , caught at slip off Tim Groenewald for 78 , missing a maiden first-class hundred , just like James Fuller , fell to the same combination for 93 .", "Lights first went off as Ramon Lobo , a pro-government lawmaker , defended the energy policies of President Nicolas Maduro , reports said . Opposition MP Luis Florido quipped on Twitter : \" The country 's reality has hit in the face . \" The session was later suspended . Venezuela faces a severe electricity crisis and shortages are frequent . Reports said other buildings in the same area of the capital , Caracas , were also hit by power cuts , on Wednesday afternoon . Venezuela 's National Assembly is controlled by the opposition . Delsa Solorzano , an opposition MP , tweeted a video of the chamber in the dark . MP Freddy Guevara , also from the opposition , said : \" a shame : the parliament session was interrupted because the energy went off . Right on the day 're discussing the energy sector law . \" Oil-rich Venezuela is in the middle of a deep economic crisis caused by a drop in global oil prices . The country is suffering from a shortage of basic goods , food and electricity . Earlier this year , the government introduced power rationing and a two-day working week for public sector workers as ways to tackle the crisis . said a major drought , dramatically reduced water levels at main hydroelectric dam , was to blame . But the opposition accused authorities of mismanagement . Some of the measures have already been lifted .", "Prop Mako Vunipola , 25 , and 23-year-old brother Billy , started careers at Thornbury Rugby Club . Both have become England regulars since joining Saracens , with Mako winning 29 international caps and Billy 23 . were both junior members at the club on the outskirts of Bristol in South Gloucestershire . Roy Black , was chairman of Thornbury RFC at the time , said were \" big lads \" when were 11 or 12 and caused the opposition \" a lot of problems \" \" If saw in Thornbury and were walking to the club or to school 'd always have a rugby ball in hand and throwing from one side of the road to the other over the traffic ,\" said . Mr Black also recounted the time when Lloyd Spacey , PE teacher at nearby Castle School , was knocked to the ground by Mako after asking \" did play rugby \" . \" Mako grunted ' yes ' , so Lloyd picked up a tackle bag and Mako ran straight through when was about 13 ,\" Mr Black said .", "Emma Morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy . was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living . had attributed longevity to genetics and a diet of three eggs a day , two of raw . Ms Morano was the oldest of eight siblings , all of has outlived . died at home in the northern city of Verbania . life not only spanned three centuries but also survived an abusive marriage , the loss of only son , two World Wars and more than 90 Italian governments . Ms Morano had admitted that longevity was partly down to genetics : mother reached 91 and several sisters reached centenary . But was also down to a rather unusual diet of three eggs - two raw - each day for more than 90 years . was a regime took up as a young woman , after the doctor diagnosed with anaemia shortly after World War One . had cut down to just two eggs a day , and a few biscuits recently . doctor of 27 years , Carlo Bava , had told AFP news agency that rarely ate vegetables or fruit . \" When met , ate three eggs per day , two raw in the morning and then an omelette at noon , and chicken at dinner . \" Ms Morano also credited longevity to decision , in 1938 , to kick out husband - a year after baby boy died at just six months old . The marriage had never been healthy , said . had been in love with a boy was killed during World War One , and had no interest in marrying someone else . But , told La Stampa newspaper in an interview when was a spritely 112 that was left with little choice . \" told : ' If 're lucky marry , or 'll kill ' . was 26 years old . got married . \" Eventually , became too much . Though separated in 1938 , remained married until died in 1978 . Ms Morano , worked until was 75 , chose never to marry again . \" did n't want to be dominated by anyone ,\" told the New York Times . had only taken on a full-time carer a couple of years ago - but had not left small two-room apartment for 20 years . According to the US-based Gerontology Research Group ( GRG ) , the world 's oldest human being is now Jamaican Violet Brown , was born on March 10 , 1900 .", "Owens' team suffered a record European defeat as conceded nine tries in a 64-14 Champions Cup hammering in Paris . With New Zealand 's World Rugby player of the year Dan Carter kicking six goals and organising the demolition , Wales international Owens believes Racing will be hard to beat . \" 's difficult to stop a side like Racing - 've got the complete package ,\" said Owens . \" are the best team in Europe . \" Saracens in England are up there , playing very good stuff . But think Racing , with the squad 've got , the calibre of player and the different variations in game , have the edge . \" Racing beat Scarlets 29-12 in Llanelli in November , before World Cup winner Carter made debut for the French club . \" had a different mindset when played before - were happy to live off mistakes ,\" Owens continued . \" But today upped the tempo and brought the game to and have definitely improved . \" Carter coming in , plenty of experience , a ball-player , really organising the backs - 's made a big difference to back line . \" allows players to play off and organisation - could just hear talking - 's a huge asset to any team . 's the best player in the world and shows . \" However , head coach Wayne Pivac was not happy with team 's discipline at Stade Yves du Manoir . Scarlets were under pressure , but had stood up to Racing 's power before the Welsh region 's second row Maselino Paulino was shown a yellow card for a high tackle on Yannick Nyanga deep in Racing territory . And within five minutes , Scarlets wing DTH van der Merwe followed the Samoan into the sin-bin for a tip tackle . At that point the score was 10-0 , but by the time Van der Merwe returned , Scarlets trailed 31-0 . \" Twenty-one points came pretty quickly ,\" Pivac said . \" Look , are a class side when 's 15 on 15 , let alone taking one and then two players off , so that did hurt . \" So was disappointed with discipline in that early part of the game . \" Scarlets have now lost all five of European Champions Cup matches this season - with the visit of Northampton Saints still to come .", "The scores were level at the break with Theo Fages and Matty Smith crossing for the visitors and Alex Mellor and Patrick Ah Van going over for Widnes . Saints took the lead when Mark Percival kicked a penalty , after the Vikings had been penalised for offside . That looked to be the winning score , but the hosts eventually made pressure tell when Ah Van crashed over . The New Zealander 's second try of the night gave the hosts a first home win of the season , and are now just one point off 11th-placed Huddersfield . Victory will ease some of the pressure on coach Denis Betts , but team did the hard way . were much the better team in the first half but went in level at the break after individual errors contributed to failing to add to 12 points . Saints had a Luke Thompson try ruled out by the video ref at 14-12 up , before Ah Van 's decisive score gave Widnes a vital two points . Widnes : Hanbury , Thompson , Bridge , Runciman , Ah Van , Mellor , Gilmore , Dudson , Johnstone , Buchanan , Houston , Dean , Gerrard . Replacements : Whitley , Burke , J. Chapelhow , D. Walker . St Helens : Bailey , Swift , Fleming , Percival , Grace , Fages , Smith , Richards , Lee , Amor , Taia , Wilkin , Thompson . Replacements : McCarthy-Scarsbrook , Walmsley , Peyroux , Knowles . Whitehaven v Halifax in the Challenge Cup fifth round is live on on Sunday , 23 April on Connected TV and online from 14:55 BST , along with live text commentary online .", "Ashley Brace , from Ebbw Vale , Blaenau Gwent , could not compete at the Commonwealth Games because of kickboxing past . said was unhappy with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association ( WABA ) . Chairman David Francis said the organisation did all could to help . The Association of International Boxing Associations ( AIBA ) said Brace was ineligible to compete for Team Wales because had competed in professional kickboxing in the past , denied . Organisers of the kickboxing tournaments competed in have also since confirmed did so on an amateur basis . A further rule states any boxer returning from another individual contact sport should apply to an international committee to become eligible to box again . Brace said was never told about the paperwork , had to be submitted by WABA , and felt the association let down . now trains at Bristol Boxing Gym and has first professional fight in Newport on 30 October . added : \" would never go back to Team Wales after this , because if do n't have confidence in the people are supposed to be fighting corner , at the end of day , 's the point ? \" Mr Francis said the whole incident was \" regrettable \" .", "Djokovic won 6-3 7-5 in a largely commanding performance . The 29-year-old , has now won seven titles this year , has beaten the Japanese on nine successive occasions . Djokovic , was beaten in the third round at Wimbledon by Sam Querrey , will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics . \" do n't need to explain that every athlete dreams of being a part of the Olympic Games ,\" said . \" 'm competing in singles and doubles . \" Hopefully 'll get at least one medal . \"", "However , the Bairns boss has underlined that any forward signing will need to exhibit even more quality than two of promising youngsters . \" If bring another striker in 's got to be better than young Botti Bia-Bi and Scott Shepherd ,\" said Houston . \" would be looking for the more experienced type , and another defender would come in handy as well . \" Eighteen-year-old Bia-Bi , a London-born Scot has progressed through Falkirk 's academy , glanced in a fine equalising header against Cowdenbeath on Saturday to ensure Houston 's side left Central Park with a point . The former Dundee United manager stated in no uncertain terms that wants to \" eradicate \" the errors allowed Cowdenbeath to lead twice in first Championship game of the season . Houston labelled \" not picking up runners \" as the problem for conceding the opening goal and a \" crazy mix-up \" as the reason former Bairn Sean Higgins gave the Blue Brazil a second . An \" exceptional \" Rory Loy strike and Bia-Bi 's header kept Falkirk on level terms . \" To score a header like that is not the easiest thing ,\" added Houston . \" put right in the corner so credit to . \" made an impact when came on and might be due a longer run from the start . Next up for the Bairns is the visit of Rangers on Friday .", "Swansea University 's Dr Neil Loader and Emeritus Prof Alayne Street-Perrott , are among a team have found ancient earthworks , possibly 2,000 years old . The discoveries were made in Acre state in the western Brazilian Amazon . Researchers from the universities of Exeter and Reading , and Brazil 's S\u00c3 \u00a3 o Paulo , Bel\u00c3 \u00a9 m are also part of the team . research investigated ditched enclosures were concealed for centuries by bamboo-dominated rainforest until modern deforestation allowed the discovery of more than 450 large geometrical \" geoglyphs \" . The team said the function of these mysterious sites is still little understood . are unlikely to be villages , since archaeologists have recovered very few artefacts during excavation , and layout does not suggest were built for defensive reasons . Instead is thought were used only sporadically , perhaps as ritual gathering places , similar to the Maya pyramids of Central America , or Britain 's own Stonehenge . Although Dr Loader - has analysed soil samples from the geoglyphs - said the surroundings in were built were very different to other ritual sites around the world . looked at phytoliths - a type of microscopic plant fossil made of silica - to reconstruct ancient vegetation ; charcoal quantities , to assess the amount of ancient forest burning ; and carbon stable isotopes , to indicate the type of vegetation growing there in the past . \" The indications are that the geoglyphs were constructed amongst taller vegetation . So , unlike the towering Maya pyramids of Central America , were likely not visible above the forest canopy , and this raises questions about purpose ,\" explained . had been assumed prior to the arrival of Europeans in the early 16th Century , the Amazonian forests had been pristine ecosystems , free from human influence . But the new research indicates a wide variety of plant species spread over 6,000 years , could only have been artificially brought together by humans . suggested instead of burning large tracts of forest - either for geoglyph construction or agricultural practices - people transformed environment by concentrating on economically valuable trees such as palms . The team have likened to a form of \" prehistoric supermarket \" of useful forest products . said is \" tantalizing evidence \" to suggest the biodiversity of some of Acre 's remaining forests may retain a strong legacy of these ancient \" agroforestry \" practices to this day .", "Two of the songs come from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha , was a Broadway smash in the 1960s . \" As far as am concerned , Don Quixote is the most metal fictional character know ,\" the Hobbit star said . \" Single handed , is trying to change the world , regardless of any personal consequences . is a wonderful character to sing . \" The album also includes an ear-splitting version of Frank Sinatra 's Way - originally written by Paul Anka - Lee originally released in 2006 . \" Way is a very remarkable song ,\" said the star in a YouTube preview . \" is also difficult to sing because 've got to convince people that 're singing about is the truth . \" Sir Christopher launched singing career in the 1990s , with an album of Broadway tunes , including Stole The Prince from Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Gondoliers , and Epiphany from Sweeney Todd . In 2010 , album Charlemagne : By the Sword and the Cross , told the story of the first Holy Roman Emperor won a Spirit of Metal Award from Metal Hammer magazine . latest release , Metal Knight , is a collaboration with Italian symphonic metal band , Rhapsody Of Fire . \" associate heavy metal with fantasy because of the tremendous power the music delivers ,\" has said . The actor is known for numerous appearances as Dracula , as well as playing Scaramanga in The Man With The Golden Gun , Saruman in Lord Of The Rings , and Count Dooku in the Star Wars prequels . Last year , was presented with a fellowship from the British Film Institute .", "Allardyce took charge of the Black Cats in October when were winless in opening eight matches , but guided to 17th and safety . \" do n't want to go through that again ,\" told BBC Newcastle . Allardyce added that plans to discuss transfer targets with owner Ellis Short in the next few days . Sunderland survived with a game to spare after victory over Everton with Allardyce describing as a \" miraculous achievement . \" However the former West Ham and Bolton boss , has never been relegated , says the club must learn from mistakes this campaign . \" season has been a difficult one . do n't want to go through that again - that 's the most important thing for , not to put through did to get where are today ,\" added . \" The turnaround has given great satisfaction . has n't made forget about when was tough , and have to make sure does n't happen again . \" Sunderland ended the season with only one defeat in 11 games , and were unbeaten in last six . Allardyce plans to discuss summer signings with Short when is back from a mini-break - a meeting \" will be one of great importance \" according to the the 61-year-old . \" will have a couple of days off and then see the situation is ,\" Allardyce said . \" ca n't look or see in to the future . looks very positive but until need to get down and talk about . Then can move forward . \"", "retained position with 41,337 votes , ahead of Conservative Matthew Vickers , received 25,229 . Those figures were a total of first and second preference votes as was no overall winner with 50 per cent after the initial round . The total turnout was 79,829 - 19.73 % of the electorate , was up 5 % from the 2012 election . Candidates standing in Cleveland Constabulary are listed below . Candidates are listed alphabetically by surname . BBC News App users : tap here to see the candidates . More information is available on the Choose PCC website .", "Majesty , had been staying at the Palace of Holyroodhouse , popped into the Sheep Heid in Duddingston on Friday . The Monarch had earlier been at Musselburgh Racecourse 's 200th birthday celebrations . is very rarely seen eating out at public restaurants , but the 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s . In 1580 , King James VI of Scotland gifted the landlord an ornate ram 's head snuff box . is believed , and mother Mary Queen of Scots , stopped by the inn many times to play skittles in the courtyard . As a mark of gratitude presented the landlord with the unusual gift remained on site for 300 years before being sold at auction to the Earl of Rosebery . A Sheep Heid spokesman said : \" can confirm the Queen was here . \" refused to give details on ordered . However , has been reported that the Queen and companions enjoyed two portions of lamb and a fillet of seabass .", "Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton was convicted of killing Jennifer Laude in a hotel room in Olongapo city , north-west of Manila , last year . Pemberton will face between six and 12 years imprisonment . The case has strained ties between the US and the Philippines , a former US colony where the Americans have a significant military presence . The marine was on leave in Olongapo on 11 October 2014 , after joint military exercises with the Philippine army , when met Ms Laude in a bar . Police said left together and checked into a hotel , where was found dead the next day , apparently strangled and with head inside the hotel toilet . Pemberton had previously testified in court that had attacked Ms Laude after realised was transgender , but said was still alive when left the room . The prosecution had argued Pemberton should be convicted of murder , but the court downgraded this to homicide . Pemberton was also ordered to pay at least 4.5 million pesos ($ 95,350 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 63,140 ) to Ms Laude 's family . Ms Laude 's sister , Malou , told Reuters news agency : \" expected a murder conviction but instead got homicide . are not content with the decision . \" Pemberton will be temporarily detained in a Philippine jail until the Philippine and US governments agree on where should be held during prison term . The case has led to calls from left-wing groups for the Philippines to end military agreements with the US . Under the agreement , the Philippines can prosecute US military personnel but the US retains custody over \" from the commission of the offence until completion of all judicial proceedings \" , the Associated Press reports .", "Evidence of suspected match-fixing in elite tennis was revealed this week by a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation . \" Future players will see the headlines and see 's not an option at all ,\" doubles representative Fleming told BBC Scotland on Wednesday . \" think if anyone is found to be doing , that should be . should n't be playing again . \" Fleming , 31 , and partner Jonathan Erlich , were beaten 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 in the first round of the Australian Open on Wednesday by Robin Haase and Fernando Verdasco . \" The key thing about sport is that 's pure , do n't know the outcome of any given match , and that 's people pay to come and watch ,\" added . \" never know 's going to happen . That 's key and have to preserve that . \" 've never been approached to take money or anything to fix a match or lose a match . does go on because people have been banned at lower levels . 'm surprised to see the article come out and talk about higher levels ; certainly have n't been aware of anything going on there . \" The Scot said had no idea as to the identity of the suspected match-fixers , and suggested additional funding could be granted to the Tennis Integrity Unit ( TIU ) , set-up to police the sport . \" guess is as good as ,\" said of those involved . \" were no names in the article because 's very difficult to prove anything . think that 's the issue the TIU has in that a match can be reported or look suspicious , but does n't necessarily mean players are guilty . \" can just be people throwing money on a match . \" Fleming was adamant , though , that no such activities were occurring in Melbourne . \" think if 're sitting at home or buying a ticket to come and watch here at the Aussie Open , 've no doubt in mind 're watching pure sporting theatre ,\" said . \" Players going at and the best player winning on that day . 's no doubt in mind that is the case here . \"", "Pte Manning , formerly known as Bradley , was sentenced to 35 years in military prison for leaking a massive trove of classified US documents . After the conviction , announced the desire to live as a woman . However , the US military prohibits transgender people from serving openly in the military . Rear Admiral John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , confirmed to the New York Times that Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel had approved a request from the Army to \" evaluate potential treatment options for inmates diagnosed with gender dysphoria \" . The Associated Press news agency first reported the US military was weighing a potential transfer to civilian prison , citing unnamed Pentagon sources . But on Wednesday , Rear Adm Kirby said no such decision had been been made yet . \" Any such decision will , of course , properly balance the soldier 's medical needs with obligation to ensure Pte Manning remains behind bars ,\" said . A local judge in Leavenworth , Kansas , approved Pte Manning 's name change request last month , a move the military did not oppose . Pte Manning has been diagnosed by military doctors multiple times with gender dysphoria , the sense of one 's gender being at odds with the sex assigned at birth . But has requested treatment , including hormone therapy , and the ability to live as a woman . According to a complaint filed by Pte Manning 's lawyer , a military doctor at Fort Leavenworth - where is being held - had approved a treatment plan by November 2013 . But was delayed as was sent higher up the chain of command for consideration . The US military is required to treat diagnosed disorders of soldiers but policy allows summary dismissal of transgender people . Mr Hagel has said the military policy on transgender soldiers \" continually should be reviewed \" . \" Every qualified American wants to serve country should have an opportunity if fit the qualifications and can do ,\" Mr Hagel said on Monday , but did not say if believed should be overturned . Despite this policy , a recent study by a US university estimated were about 15,000 transgender people serving in the US armed forces . Pte Manning will not be discharged from the military until finishes sentence . A judge recently denied a clemency request . Transfers from military prisons to civilian Federal Bureau of Prisons facilities are not unprecedented , but are usually done after the inmate has been discharged from the military .", "Watson , 22 , was seeded eighth in the tournament but lost 7-5 6-2 to the world number 101 in Seoul . The British number one , ranked 46 in the world , converted just one of seven break points in the first set and the American dominated the second set . Watson 's early departure comes less than a month after first-round defeat in straight sets at the US Open .", "McClean , was recently released by Nottingham Forest , was on trial with the Perth outfit in the last few weeks of the 2016-17 campaign . And the midfielder has now signed a one year deal at McDiarmid Park . Manager Tommy Wright told the club 's website : \" was very impressed with Kyle in trial and will go straight into the first team squad . \" McClean has been included in Northern Ireland 's squad for opening Euro Under-21 qualifier in Estonia on Thursday . St Johnstone finished fourth in the Premiership in 2016-17 and go into the Europa League qualifiers later this month . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "30 December 2016 Last updated at 17:39 GMT In the last decade alone 've bought up Pixar , Marvel and Lucas Films owned The Star Wars empire - leading to suggestions that are now so powerful that have colonised childhoods . Children 's author Michael Rosen says Disney can reinvent \" like the Royal Family \" . told Radio 4 's The World at One that Disney has been successful at selling by doing things \" in an ambivalent way \" .", "Figures from the university admissions service , Ucas , show was the highest number for five years . Students placed through clearing tend to be those did not get the grades for favoured courses . But a dip in university applications has left universities looking to fill more places than usual . have been reports of some leading universities offering places through clearing . This year 's early figure is nearly double the number of students placed through the system at the same point five years ago . Overall , 437,070 students have been accepted on to university courses - the vast majority getting the grades for chosen places of study . This is down 1.3 % on the same point last year , Ucas figures show . About 134,840 students are still registered as looking for places in clearing . Since 2013 , universities have been able to recruit unlimited numbers of students achieved certain grades in A-levels . comes after the proportion of candidates awarded top grades rose slightly on last year . Ucas chief executive Clare Marchant said with nearly 45,000 courses looking for students was a huge amount of choice out there .", "Foreign investors have been blamed for driving up the cost of real estate in Toronto and Vancouver . Hurt by failing oil prices , Canada 's ailing economy has become a major issue as the country elects new leadership . Mr Harper said that about 15 % of condos in Vancouver are n't being lived in . \" If such foreign , non-resident buyers are artificially driving up the cost of real estate and Canadian families are shut out of the market , that is a matter can and should do something about ,\" said Mr Harper said , was campaigning in Vancouver on Wednesday . While home prices in the country 's interior have fallen , prices have remained high in Toronto and Vancouver . The average price of a detached home in Vancouver - the country 's most expensive market - is more than $ 1 million ( \u00c2 \u00a3 640,000 ) . Harper 's Conservative Party said was looking into restrictions on foreign homeownership have been put in place by other western countries . Australia limits the ability of foreign buyers to purchase existing homes for investment , and only allow foreign investment resulting in new home construction . If necessary , Mr Harper said the Conservative government will take action in coordination with the provinces to make sure foreign non-resident investment \" supports the availability and affordability of homes for Canadians . \" administration also announced that Canadians will now be permitted to withdraw $ 35,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 17,241 ) instead of $ 25,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 12,315 ) from retirement accounts to purchase first homes .", "Harry Maceachen , from Shrewsbury , was born with a rare disease and had the life-saving transplant on Thursday . father Simon donated part of liver after no suitable match was found from the organ donor register . Grandmother Alison Price , a former theatre sister , said : \" The consultants are very happy with progress . \" said had been a \" very , very difficult 12 months \" , adding : \" The operations were satisfactory . Everything is going on according to plan .... the consultants are very happy with progress . \" Harry was born with biliary atresia , meant had blocked bile ducts . had a transplant before first birthday but that liver had begun to fail , so a second one was required . Harry underwent the operation on Thursday at Birmingham Children 's Hospital and Mr Maceachen was operated on at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in the city . grandmother said : \" used to look after ( Harry ) three days a week when mother went back to teaching and got to know very well . \" think 've got a special bond . was born on 63rd birthday . \" said Harry 's two-year-old brother , Sam , has been \" impeccably behaved \" . \" 's hard for . 's the first time 's been away from mother for as long as this and obviously misses Harry , as all do . \" added : \" 's brilliant with the support ( the family have ) had and the support 've had as grandparents . \" The whole family 's pulled together and have a wonderful lot of friends . \"", "Alice Pyne , 17 , of Ulverston , died of Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2013 after publishing wish list . Haley McTaggart , 33 , admitted getting charity Alice 's Escapes to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,000 for to go on a trek to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania . McTaggart admitted fraud and was jailed for 10 months suspended for two years . The court also heard how McTaggart sold raffle tickets for a false raffle and never handed over the money . also told the charity that was unable to transfer money after the trip to Tanzania . Sentencing McTaggart , Recorder John Corless said had committed an \" unpleasant and serious \" offence . Alice 's Escapes was founded in 2012 by Miss Payne 16 at the time . The teenager wanted to provide holidays in Cumbria for seriously ill children and families . The top item on bucket list was the hope that everyone in the UK would sign up as a bone marrow donor , an aspiration Prime Minister David Cameron praised in the House of Commons . is estimated that about 40,000 people signed up as donors as a direct result of appeal . Miss Pyne and sister Milly raised more than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 .", "America Luke Richardson sent about 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl from Essex and met in a hotel , Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said . The 22-year-old had previously been dismissed by the force after stole uniform and visited schools without authorisation . Richardson , of Salford , was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court . was also given a sexual harm prevention order and will be on the sex offenders' register for life . admitted six counts of sexual activity with a child , one of grooming and one of taking indecent photographs of a child . GMP suspended Richardson in January 2014 after finding had \" used role inappropriately \" while entering a school without authorisation on an independent patrol . But , after removing uniform and warrant card from , Richardson was again found to have gone to a sixth form college while wearing police uniform . On searching home , officers found a large quantity of police uniform to the value of \u00c2 \u00a3 970 and arrested on suspicion of theft . Subsequent allegations of inappropriate contact with children prompted a new investigation in September 2015 . Richardson 's confiscated phone and computer revealed 4,000 messages had been sent to a 14-year-old girl in Essex . revealed had met up in a hotel booked by Richardson . was then charged with a number of sexual offences and remanded in custody before being formally dismissed in April . Supt Mark Kenny said : \" am pleased that America Luke Richardson is now off the streets and unable to harm any more young girls . \" are continuing to investigate the possibility that Richardson may have more victims and are appealing for anyone may have been approached inappropriately by online , or in person , to come and speak to police . \"", "The company said the agreement included a guarantee that a conductor would be retained as the second member of staff on board new trains being rolled out next year . The dispute led to several days of strikes over the summer . Further industrial action was suspended earlier this month for more talks . ScotRail said the RMT would now present the proposal to members in a company-wide vote . The company said discussions had also taken place with Aslef , the train drivers' union , and a similar in-principle agreement reached . The RMT said would make position clear once the proposed deal has been discussed by national executive on Tuesday . ScotRail Alliance managing director Phil Verster said : \" am pleased that have reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT and Aslef unions , if formally agreed , will bring this dispute to an end . \" This will end the uncertainty for people and customers , and will allow to concentrate on delivering the best possible service for Scotland , every single day . \" have put forward in proposal will make service more efficient and more effective while maintaining and enhancing the service provide to customers . \" means that the new faster , longer , greener trains will arrive in autumn next year really will be a revolution in how deliver service . \" An RMT spokesman said : \" After long hard hours at the negotiating table , and a sustained period of determined and solid industrial action involving members , RMT 's team will be reporting back to the unions executive tomorrow where the details will be considered in full . \" A further statement will be issued by the union after that executive meeting . \"", "The humpback has been seen at Pettycur Bay , Kinghorn in Fife . Humpback sightings are not uncommon in Scotland , but a large whale so far up the Forth estuary is a lot more unusual . Police Scotland is warning boat owners to keep a safe distance from the whale . Lindsay Kerr , Police Scotland wildlife liaison officer , said : \" This is a fantastic opportunity for wildlife watchers and marine tourism but is essential that the health and well-being of the animals is considered at all times . \" The Forth estuary is subject to large tidal changes and any disturbance to the visiting whale could cause significant risk of becoming distressed and moving further into shallow water and then becoming stranded by a rapidly outgoing tide . \" Legislation is in place to protect these marine mammals . Please enjoy this wonderful occurrence but do show respect to the whales and be aware of the protection afforded to . \" recommend boat and vessel owners follow the Wildlife Safe ( WiSe ) scheme . In this particular case , commercial and recreational users should not make any attempts to approach or actively pursue the whale . \" The scheme , is a UK standard for commercial marine wildlife watching , includes a code of conduct and sets out best practice for wildlife watching . \" Endangered species such as dolphins , porpoises and whales are protected by wildlife legislation including the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 . Under the Act , is an offence to intentionally or recklessly disturb .", "Panthers kept alive title hopes and closed the gap on leaders Devils to four points . Two goals from Matthew Myers put Panthers in control before Joey Martin replied . Franklin MacDonald , Geoff Waugh and Evan Mosey 's two goals secured the win . The sides meet again in the Challenge Cup final at the Sheffield Arena on Sunday .", "Williams was the first black woman to be named Miss America in 1983 but resigned after a magazine published nude photos of without consent . \" want to apologise for anything was said or done ,\" said Miss America CEO Sam Haskell . A tearful Williams called the statement \" unexpected \" and \" beautiful \" . Now 52 , has forged a career as an actress , with major roles in Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives . also scored a global hit in 1992 with the ballad Save the Best for Last ; and recording of Colors of the Wind from Disney 's Pocahontas soundtrack earned a Golden Globe , a Grammy and an Oscar for best original song . The New Yorker won Miss America in September 1983 but , months later , the pageant 's executive committee voted unanimously to request that resign after Penthouse magazine published naked photographs had posed for several years earlier , Williams remains the only title-holder was asked to resign in the pageant 's history . was invited back to the competition this year by Chairman Sam Haskell , asked to serve as head judge . Before the competition started , invited on stage to receive the apology . \" have been a close friend to this beautiful and talented lady for 32 years ,\" told the audience . \" have lived life in grace and dignity , and never was more evident than during the events of 1984 when resigned . \" Though none of currently in the organization were involved then , on behalf of today 's organization , want to apologize to and to mother , Miss Helen Williams . \" continued : \" want to apologize for anything was said or done made feel any less than the Miss America are and the Miss America always will be . \" The audience gave Williams a standing ovation and TV coverage showed mother on the verge of tears . \" Thank so much , Sam , so unexpected but so beautiful ,\" said the actress . \" did the best could as Miss America in 1983 to 84 ,\" said . \" On behalf of family , mother in particular ; [ publicist ] Brian Edwards , orchestrated this entire thing to bring back ; and leadership , integrity and bringing this pageant back to ought to be . love . love the girls . And 'm so honoured to be back . \" Williams then returned to seat and helped select the new Miss America - 21-year-old Betty Cantrell of Georgia .", "The decommissioned Type 22 frigates HMS Cumberland , HMS Campbeltown , HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour . Bidders had until 23 January to register an interest in the former Devonport-based ships . The BBC understands no proposals to preserve the ships have been submitted . Those have registered an interest are finalising bids with viewings set to take place in late February and March . A final decision is not expected until the spring . The government 's Disposal Services Authority , is handling the sale , wants to award at least one of the frigates to a UK ship recycler to determine the capacity of the UK 's industry in the field . Penny Mordaunt , Conservative MP for Portsmouth North , said was important UK recyclers had the chance to prove in the field but was also keen to see at least one of saved from the scrapyard . added : \" For anyone has served on a ship 's home , 've literally been through the wars with ... and want to have a noble second life . \" preference is to go for the reef and diving attraction . \" 've got to get best value for the budget but a reef would also generate income for part of the country through tourism . \" The Ministry of Defence has previously said will \" consider all options \" for the frigates to ensure \" best financial return for the taxpayer \" . A spokeswoman would not comment on the number or nature of the bids received due to \" commercial sensitivity \" . Originally designed as a specialist anti-submarine ship , the Type 22 frigate evolved into a powerful surface combatant with substantial anti-surface , anti-submarine and anti-aircraft weapons systems . were also known for having excellent command and control , and communication facilities , making ideal flagships on deployments , with a complement of about 280 crew . Last year , the aircraft carrier HMS Ark Royal was sold as scrap for \u00c2 \u00a3 3m .", "Scottish Hydro-Electric Transmission Ltd , a division of energy giant SSE , submitted the \" needs case \" as part of the planning process for the cable . After assessing the case , energy regulator Ofgem has asked for further details to be submitted . The project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 780m . Islands local authority , Comhairle nan Eilean Siar , has said major renewable energy projects planned for the isles cannot go ahead without the cable . The interconnector would export electricity to the mainland for distribution . would stretch to about 50 miles ( 80km ) from Gravir on Lewis to Ullapool on the north-west coast of mainland Scotland . The Scottish government has been involved in talks on the project . A spokesperson said : \" This is a matter for SSE and Ofgem , but would encourage the company and regulator to move swiftly to resolve this issue . \" Improved grid connections will enable the huge renewable energy resources of Scotland 's islands to create jobs - up to 3,500 jobs in the Western Isles , almost 2,900 in the Shetlands and over 4,500 in the Orkney Islands by 2030 . The spokesperson added : \" SSE put a business case for the Western Isles link to the electricity regulator Ofgem on 14 June , and today Ofgem have responded by setting out the detailed further information require . \"", "Mr Gustafsson , 42 , is being flown back to Sweden from Africa , Sweden 's Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr\u00f6m said in a statement on Monday . was seized by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) along with two other men , one of was freed in a dawn raid in 2015 . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m said Mr Gustafsson was \" in good spirits \" , local media report . \" is with great pleasure that can announce that Johan Gustafsson has been released ,\" Ms Wallstr\u00f6m added . said that the Swede 's release was thanks to \" extensive efforts \" and co-operation between the Swedish foreign ministry , police and \" foreign authorities \" . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m said had spoken with Mr Gustafsson , described as being \" happy \" and \" overwhelmed \" by Monday 's events . \" cannot say more at the current time ,\" added . Sweden 's former Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said that Mr Gustafsson 's kidnapping weighed heavily on mind during time in the role , ended in 2014 . tweeted on Monday : \" Extremely gratifying that Johan Gustafsson is free . No single case concerned more as foreign minister . \" Mr Gustafsson was kidnapped along with South African Stephen McGown and Dutchman Sjaak Rijke . Mr Rijke was freed by French special forces in April 2015 after was discovered by chance in a dawn raid in northern Mali . AQIM took a number of Western hostages before the French military deployed forces in January 2013 . In a separate incident in December 2014 , French hostage Serge Lazarevic was freed after a prisoner swap .", "The study by a number of Welsh universities showed under-15s were five times more likely to need hospital care than non-diabetic children . Academics said treating the condition was complex and \" poor management \" can lead to medical emergencies . The Welsh government is working to improve the situation . Type 1 diabetes is where the pancreas does not produce any insulin and is more common in childhood than type 2 , according to the NHS Choices website . Experts from Cardiff University , Swansea University , the University of Bristol , Bangor University and Cardiff 's University Hospital of Wales looked at the data of 95 % of all young people in Wales with type 1 diabetes . said money should be spent on improving ongoing care with diagnosed cases rising 3-4 % a year . Prof Reinhard Holl , paediatric diabetologist from the University of Ulm , Germany , said : \" Hospitalisation keeps children out of school and away from families and friends . \" In addition , costs to the health care system are high , money should be invested to improve continuous outpatient management and family support for those affected . \" The Welsh government helped to fund the research , studied 1,577 Welsh children with the condition . has launched a strategy , Together for Health - a Diabetes Action Plan , to improve health care . \" have prioritised children 's services in diabetes delivery plan , and established an all Wales paediatric diabetes network , so that all 14 centres can share the latest research and ensure that all deliver the same high quality care ,\" a spokesperson added . Ten-year-old Molly , from Wrexham , was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes six months ago and since then has become more anxious , according to mother . Malissa , 35 , said daughter was now less carefree . said : \" Molly does n't enjoy having insulin injections and would gladly wish condition away . \" felt embarrassed at first and still feels different , especially when other kids have bigger snacks than . \" Asked if was worried about daughter having to go into hospital , said \" all the time \" . \" Because know 's more of a possibility now - 's every parent 's worse nightmare ,\" added .", "David Vallenilla 's 22-year-old son , also called David , was shot by military police on Thursday . Mr Vallenilla says once worked with the president on Caracas' transport system , and called on \" former colleague \" to clear son 's name . The president has said firearms must not be used on protesters . \" want to speak to former colleague of the Caracas Metro ,\" Mr Vallenilla told a group of reporters outside the morgue . \" Nicol\u00e1s Maduro , know that worked together , 'm Supervisor Vallenilla . \" said used to be Mr Maduro 's boss , although the past working relationship between has not yet been confirmed . President Maduro is a former bus driver , got involved in trade unions and then national politics , becoming president in 2013 after predecessor Hugo Chavez died . \" Please , Nicol\u00e1s , friend ,\" Mr Vallenilla said with tears streaming down face , before calling on the leader to make clear that only son \" was not a criminal , was a graduating student \" . \" met when was little ,\" added . Earlier in the week , Fabi\u00e1n Urbina , 17 , was also shot and killed as security forces and demonstrators clashed in Caracas . have been almost daily anti-government protests in Venezuela for over two months as the country 's economic and political crisis has worsened . More than 70 people have been killed in protest-related violence since 1 April , according to figures released by the chief prosecutor 's office . On Thursday , Interior Minister N\u00e9stor Reverol tweeted to confirm the death of a protester and said a police sergeant had fired an \" unauthorised weapon \" . President Maduro , in a press conference on the same day , said : \" am giving the clear order that can not use firearms . am giving the clear order that can never shoot in a demonstration , under any conditions . \" A group of demonstrators returned on Friday to the place where Mr Vallenilla was killed , and set some trucks on fire . Also on Friday , supporters of jailed opposition leader Leopoldo L\u00f3pez released footage say captures cries from a military prison on the outskirts of Caracas . \" Lilian !\" calls to wife . \" are torturing ! \" In a press conference earlier the same day , Lilian Tintori said has not been able to see for 19 days and lawyers have been denied access for 78 days . News site Ultimas Noticias has responded by publishing photos of the politician , say are from Friday and show to be \" fine \" . L\u00f3pez is three years into a 14-year sentence for inciting violence during anti-government protests in 2014 .", "Anthony McIntyre conducted a series of interviews with former IRA members , on the understanding that the contents would not be made public until after deaths . Boston College has been issued with a subpoena instructing to hand over the material on 6 May . Mr McIntyre said had engaged a lawyer to \" resist the efforts to raid personal memoirs \" . Dozens of loyalists and republicans provided testimonies to Boston College staff compiling an oral history of the Northern Ireland conflict . are the ' Boston tapes ' ? Dozens of former paramilitaries were interviewed in Belfast and other cities and towns from 2001-2006 as part of an oral history project known as the Belfast Project . Details about internal politics and activities of the IRA were revealed on tape , including accounts of a hunger strike in prison in the 1980s . Overall , the project cost about $ 200,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 118,520 ) , mostly provided by an Irish-American businessman . Each interview was transcribed , sent by encrypted email to New York and then the material was sent to Boston College , where was placed under lock and key at Burns Library . Following a lengthy legal battle with the college , the Police Service of Northern Ireland gained access to a small number of the interviews in 2013 . Interviews were given on the understanding that tapes would not be made public until after deaths . Detectives want to access the recordings as part of investigations into murder and other paramilitary crimes from the 1970s to 1990s . In June last year , police were given access to interviews given by former loyalist prisoner Winston Rea . followed a decision by senior judges in Belfast to lift an injunction on the PSNI taking possession of Mr Rea 's recorded account to Boston College researchers . In 2013 , detectives investigating the abduction and murder of Belfast mother-of-10 Jean McConville in 1972 secured the transcripts of former IRA woman Dolours Price 's account . That material was handed over following court battles on both sides of the Atlantic .", "The exotic pet , is 12 months old , has a vulnerable shell and the shop appealed for information on Facebook , saying was concerned about \" specific care requirements \" . The animal was taken from Lathom Pets and Aquatics in Ormskirk on Tuesday afternoon , Lancashire Police said . The shop 's owner said CCTV showed a man taking the tortoise - needs calcium supplements - out of the tank . Four people had entered the pet shop together , co-owner Catherine Broxholme said . \" was serving , chatting to the group and getting change out of the till for a woman was serving . The tortoise tank is just a few feet away from the till . only have five tortoises and when checked later were only four . \" CCTV footage confirmed a man had taken the tortoise , said . Ms Broxholme said was concerned for the exotic pet 's welfare , adding : \" have specific care needs . are a welfare-oriented pet shop , making sure the pets go to good homes . \" The tortoise is about 12 months old and shell is still vulnerable and needs calcium supplements . just want to get the tortoise back safe . \" Police said the tortoise was valued at \u00c2 \u00a3 120 .", "is the third confirmed diagnosis of the H5N8 strain of avian flu in Lincolnshire in about four weeks . Some of the birds at the undisclosed premises in Lincolnshire have died . The rest are due to be culled . Defra said an investigation was \" under way to determine the source of the infection \" . A 1.8-mile ( 3km ) protection zone and a six-mile ( 10km ) surveillance area have been set up around the turkey rearing farm to reduce the risk of the disease spreading . An outbreak of the virus in a flock of about 6,000 turkeys at Low Farm , in Fulstow , near Louth , was \" unlikely to be directly linked to the previous case \" at the nearby Austen Fen Farm , Defra had said . All restrictions were removed around Austen Fen Farm on 18 January but still remain at Low Farm while an inquiry there continues . This latest case in Boston comes two days after bird flu was found in pheasants were being bred at a farm in Wyre , Lancashire . The same strain has been discovered in birds in Settle , North Yorkshire , a swannery in Dorset and flocks in Carmarthenshire , south west Wales . In December , the government introduced an avian influenza prevention zone , lasts until 28 February , to help protect poultry and captive birds from avian flu after the strain was found in 14 European countries including Germany and France .", "The UNHCR said forced returns had \" continued unabated \" despite an agreement earlier this month . Under the deal , any returns would be voluntary and only \" when conditions were conducive \" . Cameroon has rejected the accusation and said people returned willingly . According to the UNHCR , more than 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned to Nigeria from Cameroon this year . Many are unable to go back to villages in Borno state for security reasons and have ended up in camps for displaced people . In some cases , the UNHCR said , people had been returned \" without allowing time to collect belongings \" . UNHCR spokesman Babar Baloch spoke of \" chaos \" in the returns process and said \" some women were forced to leave young children behind in Cameroon , including a child less than three years old \" . Many of the returnees are now settled in the Banki camp for internally displaced people . UNHCR staff also recorded about 17 people claimed to be Cameroonian nationals , said had been deported by mistake to Banki . is common in the region to find people have no documentary proof of nationality . Cameroonian Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma told the BBC 's Focus on Africa programme : \" strongly deny this accusation \" of forced returns . said the Cameroonian army had been working \" hand-in-hand \" with the Nigerian army against Boko Haram and any civilians had returned to Nigeria had done so of own accord . \" This repatriation has taken place willingly ,\" said . The Cameroonian authorities have previously said Boko Haram militants have been entering the country disguised as refugees . Militants have carried out a number of attacks in northern Cameroon in recent years , often using suicide bombers . The UNHCR said forced return constitutes a serious violation of the 1951 Refugee Convention and the 1969 OAU Convention , both of Cameroon has ratified . called on Cameroon to honour obligations under the conventions and continue keeping borders open so as to allow access to territory and asylum procedures for people fleeing the Islamist insurgency .", "Annie Woodland , 24 , lived in Essex , suffered brain damage in the incident at Gloucester Park Pool in Basildon . A teacher and a pool life guard both failed to realise was in trouble . The family has successfully sued Essex County Council said did not comment on individual cases but had noted the High Court judgement . The tragedy happened in July 2000 when Ms Woodland was a pupil at Whitmore Primary School in Basildon . At an earlier hearing , judges ruled a victory against the county council would risk a \" chilling effect \" on the willingness of schools to take pupils on educational trips . A Supreme Court judgement in 2013 overturned this ruling and opened the way for a High Court hearing . Mr Justice Blake has now ruled lifeguard Debbie Maxwell and swimming teacher Paula Burlinson should have noticed Ms Woodland was drowning sooner than did . concluded Essex County Council was liable for negligence although neither woman was employed directly by the council . Ms Burlinson 's failure to notice Annie in distress \" fell far below the standard of care reasonably to be expected of a teacher \" , said . Ms Maxwell was also negligent as \" was not paying sufficient attention to users in the water \" . The amount of compensation to Ms Woodland , now lives in Blackpool , will be assessed at a later date . A spokesman said : \" Essex County Council notes the judgement of Mr Justice Blake following a trial on liability . \" The authority cannot comment specifically on individual cases and would be inappropriate to comment further therefore in respect of this claim . \"", "The UN has said media restrictions and violence meant the environment was not conducive to free , credible elections . Unrest started in April after President Pierre Nkurunziza said would run for a third term - something protesters say is illegal . The president says is entitled to a third term because was appointed for first term , not elected . The presidential election is scheduled for 15 July . East African leaders have called for a further two-week delay . Africa news highlights : 7 July The electoral commission spokesman told the BBC turnout for the parliamentary poll had been low in the districts of Bujumbura where had been protests , but that in some provinces outside the capital was as high as 98 % . The ruling party - the CNDD FDD - was ahead in every province of the country , Burundi 's electoral commission announced . won 77 out of 100 elected seats in parliament , AFP news agency says . The BBC 's Maud Jullien says all of the country 's private broadcasters have closed in recent months , and many civil society leaders have left the country claiming lives were under threat . At least 70 died and 150,000 people have fled the country . Reporting on a coup and a crisis ... using a music-sharing site 10.4m population 50 years - life expectancy for a man 2nd poorest country in the world 85 % are Hutu , 14 % Tutsi 300,000 died in civil war", "A judge had made the request because efforts to get through \" political channels \" had failed , the lawyer said . France , the former colonial power , has not yet commented on the request . Mr Sankara 's widow and supporters have repeatedly accused France of masterminding 1987 killing because was a Marxist revolutionary . was killed by soldiers in a hail of bullets shortly before a meeting of cabinet in Burkina Faso 's capital , Ouagadougou . Mr Sankara 's assassination led to second-in-command , Blaise Compaore , seizing power in a coup . Mr Compaore steered Burkina Faso into a strong alliance with France , retains close political , security and economic ties with many of former colonies in Africa . Burkina Faso opened an investigation into the killing after was ousted from power in 2014 . Speaking at a press conference in Ouagadougou , the family lawyer , Benewende Stanislas Sankara , said an investigating judge had formally asked French authorities to declassify military documents to see whether France had played a role in the assassination . A request had also been made to interview French officials were involved in Burkina Faso 's affairs at the time , the lawyer added . Burkina Faso issued an arrest warrant for Mr Compaore in 2015 , accusing of involvement in Mr Sankara 's killing . has repeatedly denied the allegation , but has refused to return to Burkina Faso to stand trial . Mr Compaore is exiled in Ivory Coast , also a former French colony .", "People had gathered on the bridge to watch emergency services rescue a man had jumped into the Sanvordem river in Curchorem . Local media reported that more than 50 people were on the bridge when collapsed late on Thursday evening . The bridge was reportedly more than 60 years old and was banned from use . A local police officer told the Hindustan Times that more people were likely to be \" trapped under the collapsed bridge \" . Home Minister Rajnath Singh said was also monitoring the rescue operation . South Goa MP Narendra Sawaikar told the Goa Herald newspaper that \" was an unfortunate tragedy \" . \" The bridge must be demolished as the government had notified as a dangerous bridge and notices were placed both the side of the bridge not to use . \" Right now the priority is to recover the bodies ,\" added .", "The city also ranks second in a list of Britain 's most congested cities , while Glasgow is third . Only London ranked worse than Scotland 's largest cities in the survey of the UK 's roads by Inrix Roadway Analytics . found that the jams could cost drivers in Scotland \u00a3 5.1bn in wasted time over the next decade . The firm studied traffic hotspots in 21 UK cities in September 2016 . assessed the impact of the congestion by looking at the average duration of traffic jams , average length and the number of times occurred . The research found that the impact of Edinburgh 's 455 traffic hotspots was second only to London and was likely to cost drivers \u00a3 2.8bn by 2025 . Glasgow was ranked third in the same list - worse than Birmingham , Manchester and Bristol . 's 357 hotspots could cost \u00a3 2.3bn over the next 10 years , Inrix said . Researchers calculated the time wasted by drivers in traffic jams across the UK could cost \u00a3 61.8bn by 2025 if congestion levels are not reduced . And in survey of 123 cities across Europe , London was found to have more traffic \" pinch points \" than any other city . also ranked worst in an assessment of the impact of traffic jams . Rome was second and Paris was third . Inrix chief economist Graham Cookson said : \" Only by identifying traffic hotspots and analysing root causes can effectively combat congestion . \"", "John Kane filmed more than 60 women in the Central Retail Park and a nearby supermarket last July . The 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing outside a nearby Next store . Kane was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing on 30 March at Falkirk Sheriff Court . Prosecutor Ann Orr told the court that Kane tried to flush a memory card down the toilet at a police station after being arrested for drink driving . The memory card contained 60 short videos , lasting between 50 seconds and three minutes . Mrs Orr said : \" The recordings appeared to be of adult females at various shops in the Central Retail Park . \" The camera operator has the camera positioned to show the females from the waist down , focusing on bare legs and zooming in on bottoms . \" The depute fiscal said the memory card also contained three slightly-longer videos showing children aged between six and 12 playing . Mrs Orr said : \" One child is doing cartwheels , and the camera zooms in on the crotch area . \" Mrs Orr said the camera operator 's distinctive cream , leather-toecapped trainers and khaki shorts were in shot in many of the videos . said Police Scotland received an anonymous phone call from someone expressed \" concern \" over Kane 's behaviour . A search warrant was obtained for home , and the khaki shorts and distinctive trainers were found in a bag in spare bedroom . Kane told police \" had a drink in \" at the time the videos were filmed . Asked if had done aroused , said : \" did at the time , but afterwards felt ashamed about . \" Kane , of Falkirk , admitted operating a recording device to obtain footage of women and children in a public place without knowledge and consent between 15 July and 22 July last year . Sheriff Derek Livingston deferred sentence for a risk assessment and released Kane on bail .", "follows the discovery of 115 people locked inside three small houses in Edinburg , close to the Mexican border . Police were alerted by a call made from inside one of the houses . The property was found to have padlocks and chains on the outside . People found inside said had not had any food or water for three days , and some required hospital treatment . Oscar Trevino , an Edinburg police spokesman , told the BBC that was clear the people in the properties were being held against will . \" was no way that could leave because the doors were secured with burglar bars and were locked from the outside . \" said officers had to use bolt cutters to free those inside . The imprisoned people came from several different countries in south and central America . One man told officers that had been driven to the houses from the Rio Grande river , marks the border between Texas and Mexico . said had been threatened with death if did not remain quiet .", "The Perth club has suspended the team-mates pending a club investigation . Wright told BBC Scotland that \" if 's alleged \" to have occurred did in fact happen \" 'll come down severely hard on both \" . Referee Don Robertson sent off both players during the break . Wright , side confirmed top six place due to results elsewhere , says did not see the incident as had already started walking up the tunnel following the half time whistle . BBC Scotland reporter Jonathan Sutherland saw Foster throw a punch at Swanson , retaliated by aiming a kick at the defender after had slipped . \" have n't seen with own eyes but obviously something happened ,\" said Wright . \" 'm going to wait and see for . The players have been told let down , and let the team down . should be celebrating confirming top six place tonight . \" Under no circumstance will get off lightly if is alleged to have happened has happened . The hardest punishment can do legally with , 'll do . \" Media playback is not supported on this device Wright was angry that the incident left side up against in the second half , and that the shine was taken off the Saints confirming a top six berth . \" 's another great achievement getting the top six ,\" added . \" showed a lot of character and should have had a penalty . ( Georgios ) Sarris has got arms all over Murray Davidson and that should have been a penalty kick . \" The boys were magnificent and probably deserved a point but did n't get . \" Hamilton player Ali Crawford was shown a yellow card and assistant manager Guillaume Beuzelin sent to the stand after becoming involved in the chaotic scenes followed the incident between Foster and Swanson . However , manager Martin Canning told BBC Scotland : \" would rather be talking about . is not something want to see , but is a passionate game and sometimes spills over . \" players acted well . think Darian MacKinnon was just trying to separate and calm things down . \" do n't think have to take any action against players . \" Hamilton moved off bottom spot in the table thanks to the win , sealed by a late Alex D'Acol goal . are 11th on 27 points , two clear of bottom club Inverness Caledonian Thistle . \" With 11 against 11 in the first half , thought were excellent and kept going and got a huge three points ,\" Canning added .", "6 December 2014 Last updated at 09:15 GMT The Grammy Awards is one of the most prestigious music ceremony 's in the world . Sam Smith , topped the BBC 's Sound of 2014 in January , has six nominations including best new artist . single Stay With is also up for best pop performance and record of the year .", "Eid al-Fitr means : ' festival of the breaking of the fast ' and is one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year . The date Eid falls on is decided by the cycle of the moon , and this year 's on Sunday evening . On the day of Eid al-Fitr , Ramadan ends and Muslims often celebrate by praying , giving gifts and having a big feast with family and friends . Thank for comments - this page is now closed . am going to cousin 's and enjoying Eid with lovely clothes and tasty food ! Amaya , 10 , Bucks are going to friends house and having a nice dinner ! Emilia , 10 , Braknell will be going to family and friends house to celebrate Eid , will be so fun , and will be wearing a lovely dress . Husna , 9 , Derby 'm going to visit family and friends where 're going to have an eid party and eat lots of delicious food ! Amna , 12 , Burnley am celebrating Eid with Family and including Granny and Grandad am going to eat yummy food a play with cousins ! - wish everyone a Happy Eid ! Eid Mubarak ! Abdul-Rafay , 10 , London Aslam Alaikum ! On Eid am going to go out and spend time with family . Anayah , 6 , London 'm spending time with family and ca n't wait to eat all the food has been prepared for . Zainab , 10 , London Eid Mubarak ! Eid is such a wonderful festival for muslims and everyone else and today and family will be celebrating with relatives and will be eating lots of yummy asian food . Nayim , 11 , London On Eid am going out with family , making a lot of money and is going to be really fun . Aisha , 12 , London Eid Mubarak ! are celebrating Eid with all family by dressing in lovely clothes and eating lots of yummy food ! Aneesa , 8 , Stockport family and are going to go to cousins' houses , where will give presents and receive some , are going to eat asian food . ca n't wait ! ! Tasnim , 11 , London am celebrating with Daddima . am not sure 'll be eating but will be happy celebrating with Daddy and the rest of family . Lana , 6 , Kent", "Officers were called to Lowe Street in Whitmore Reans , Wolverhampton at 17:00 GMT on Thursday when a 17-year-old boy was found with stab wounds . Several minutes later a second call was made to police when a shotgun was fired twice in nearby Deveron Close . West Midlands Police believe the men , have now been bailed , were linked to both incidents . The teenager remains in hospital in a stable condition , police said . DCI Chris Hanson said : \" believe both of these offences were linked and were the result of a dispute between two groups . \" The shooting happened following an argument between a group and a lone man with a gun . \"", "Vikki Thompson , 21 , was found dead in cell at HMP Leeds in 2015 with a ligature around neck . Robert Steele told the hearing in Wakefield Miss Thompson wrote to while in prison saying : \" know 'm going to do something silly . \" Giving evidence said : \" believe should n't have been in a male prison . \" More stories from across Yorkshire The jury inquest was also told Miss Thompson , from Keighley , had repeatedly told prison and court escort staff that would be \" carried out in a box \" . Mr Steele said spoke to on the phone while was in prison and told wanted to move to a women 's prison and solicitors were waiting for to make a formal application to the governor . Mr Steele also said received a letter from partner said : \" do n't think can last very long in here . ca n't sleep at night . just feel like wo n't be here no more . \" know 'm going to do something silly . do n't want to but ca n't do this . \" But , in a statement read to the court , Miss Thompson 's mother Lisa Harrison said daughter did not say had a problem being in a men 's prison . \" Vikki did n't like prison but does ? \" Ms Harrison said . \" never said anything to about being the wrong prison for . \" The inquest heard Miss Thompson had identified as female since was 10 years old but had never had any surgical or hormone treatment . did not have a Gender Recognition Certificate establishing female identity so was sent to a men 's prison . Coroner Jonathan Leach said the inquest would examine a number of issues including the suitability of the \" prison accommodation \" . The jury was told that after an extensive risk assessment process Miss Thompson was initially put in E-Wing rather than A-Wing , where vulnerable prisoners were housed , and placed on a one-hour suicide watch . Mr Leach said this decision was taken because was thought might be under more risk on A-Wing due to the number of sex offenders there . said was later allowed to move to A-Wing but was taunted by men in the segregation block below . The inquest heard that on the day died Miss Thompson had been seen watching TV at 19:00 GMT but at 20:00 was spotted on the floor with the ligature round neck and the alarm was raised . The inquest , is expected to last three weeks , continues", "Accountant in Bankruptcy ( AiB ) reported 2,405 insolvencies between April and June - 7.8 % up on the previous quarter . were 1,144 bankruptcies , was up 14.7 % on the previous quarter and 51.1 % more than a year ago . However , AiB said the figures showed a \" return to trend \" . A year ago , the number of personal insolvencies in Scotland fell to lowest level for more than 14 years following the introduction of the Bankruptcy and Debt Advice ( Scotland ) Act . The legislation introduced new measures such as mandatory money advice for people seeking access to statutory debt relief solutions such as sequestration . Although the latest bankruptcy figures were sharply up on a year ago , were 41.7 % lower than the same quarter in 2013-14 and 34.9 % lower than in 2014-15 . Personal insolvencies include both bankruptcies and protected trust deeds ( PTDs ) . The number of PTDs recorded between April and June remained largely stable at 1,261 , a 2.1 % increase from the previous quarter . New debt payment programmes approved under the Debt Arrangement Scheme ( DAS ) fell slightly by 5.2 % on the previous quarter , to 510 . Quarterly figures for bankruptcies and PTDs since 2005-06 : Business Minister Paul Wheelhouse said : \" These figures indicate that people are becoming more accustomed to the new insolvency legislation and processes . \" are now seeing the numbers settling down to a more regular pattern following the significant , and expected , drop after the introduction of the new laws . \" Compared to the same quarter from two years ago , prior to these changes , the number of people falling into insolvency today is down by more than a third . \" This shows those most in need can access the debt relief require to help on the road to a fresh financial start - but also that the long term movement is a downward one . \" Eileen Blackburn , from insolvency trade body R3 , said : \" This quarterly rise , driven mostly by an increase in bankruptcies , bucks the wider downward trend in Scottish personal insolvencies 've seen in past years . \" The number of insolvencies have been falling steadily since peak in 2012 , and this quarter represents a return to more stable levels . \" The rise is probably less do with the EU referendum result , only happened towards the very end of the quarter , and more to do with ongoing difficulties in the Scottish economy and the end of the financial year in March . \"", "One of the 11 children described how the trailer went \" really fast down the hill \" at the farm in Nottinghamshire before \" launched off \" . Two members of teaching staff from Halam Primary and a farmer were also injured in the accident on 11 March . The acting head teacher of the school has apologised . One of the children , Ben , said was frightened and the other children were crying . \" The trailer gone like really fast down the hill and gone sideways and launched off ,\" said Ben . When asked how made feel , Ben said : \" feels like sad . \" Ben 's mother , Sheree Cockayne , said has been struggling to sleep since happened and has been having nightmares and flashbacks . Mrs Cockayne , was told about the accident by a school nurse , said : \" rushed to the QMC ( Queen 's Medical Centre ) and Ben was brought in . had blood all over face . \" just laid there really shocked . had to stay in [ hospital ] overnight for observation every four hours because had concussion and felt really sick . \" 's still got bruises to head , ribs and chest , so still has a few pains . \" Nottinghamshire County Council said another child was discharged from hospital after a check-up and one was brought into hospital later in the day for a scan , then released . A teaching assistant sustained a broken wrist , a teaching student sustained a head wound requiring stitches and the farmer , was also in the trailer , dislocated shoulder . The assistant will be off work for four weeks . The children were on a trip at Hills Farm in Edingley and the accident happened on Carver 's Hollow . Nottinghamshire Police is investigating the incident , rather then the Health and Safety Executive , because the area where happened is a highway . The force has asked anyone with information to contact . Hills Farm in Edingley , where happened , said would not comment while an investigation is ongoing . The school 's acting head teacher , Paul Nolan , said : \" are very sorry this unfortunate incident happened and wish the children and adults were injured a speedy recovery . \" This incident has affected the whole community and everyone is supporting each other as a result . \" Marion Clay , the council 's acting service director for education standards , said : \" This is an established trip for reception pupils and as far as know at this time all the appropriate procedures were carried out . \"", "Tens of thousands of pilgrims joined for the Way of the Cross ceremony , recalling Jesus' crucifixion . Among the cross bearers were Syrian and Iraqi refugees , and Nigerians had escaped Boko Haram persecution . The service came a day after almost 150 people were killed in an al-Shabab attack on a Kenyan university . \" still see today persecuted brothers , decapitated and crucified for faith in [ Jesus ] , before eyes and often with complicit silence ,\" Pope Francis said , presiding over the ceremony at the Colosseum . Earlier , condemned the attack in Kenya , where Christians were singled out and shot , as an act of \" senseless brutality \" . In another Good Friday ceremony , Pope Francis listened as the Vatican 's official preacher Raniero Cantalamessa denounced the \" disturbing indifference of world institutions in the face of all this killing of Christians \" . too mentioned the Kenya attack , as well as the beheading of 22 Egyptian Coptic Christians by Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Libya in February . Pope Francis has spoken out against the persecution of Christians before , saying that the world would be justified using military force to combat the \" unjust aggression \" by IS .", "President Evo Morales has announced a contingency plan , includes $ 700,000 in extra funds for fumigation . The swarm first appeared over a week ago near the low-lying eastern city of Santa Cruz , where most of Bolivia 's food and meat is produced . has spread quickly , destroying pasture and fields of corn and sorghum . The authorities estimate more than 1,000 hectares of agricultural land have been devastated by the locusts . The government says fumigation must begin straight away . \" will create a 500-metre-wide ring around the area affected and fumigate inside , working alongside the local authorities ,\" said Bolivia 's Agriculture Secretary , Mauricio Ordonez . Mr Morales is due to visit Santa Cruz province on Friday .", "Sir Gareth attended a ceremony at Windsor Castle on Thursday , after being named in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list in June . The 68-year-old former scrum half won 53 caps for Wales from 1967 to 1978 . also won 10 caps for the British Lions' winning series in New Zealand and South Africa . At 20 became Wales 's youngest captain , and during era the Welsh side dominated the Five Nations Championship Originally from Gwaun-Cae-Gurwen in the Swansea Valley , Edwards spent playing career with Cardiff RFC . In 1974 Edwards was named BBC Wales Sports Personality of the year . After retirement in 1978 , became Captain on the popular sports quiz , Question of Sport . now works as a pundit for both the BBC and S4C . is married to childhood sweetheart Maureen and have two sons , Owen and Rhys .", "The second defeat in four games leaves Gordon Strachan 's men fifth in Group F and the manager facing further questions about future . Former Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives marks out of 10 for the display . No chance with goals but had little else to do other than pick the ball out of net . A surprise choice but the Derby winger defended well considering was n't in natural position . Scotland 's best player on the night after a long absence from the international scene . Offered a real threat going forward and worked tirelessly . Played better than in Slovakia and unlucky at first goal after making a good block . Wasted a great chance to equalise , failing to hit the target from a free header . Given a rare start and did well to keep England 's danger men quiet for large periods . The captain 's desire and work rate are never in question but was loose in possession too often . Back from short-lived international retirement but for how long ? The Celtic captain gave the midfield energy and aggression as expected . Largely ineffectual . Did n't get on the ball enough to make a positive impact . Again , a surprise inclusion given lack of game time at West Brom . Missed a glorious opportunity to level the game early in the second half , dragging a shot wide from near the penalty spot . Another player guilty of giving the ball away too often . Provided some threatening set-pieces . Really should have scored not long after Forrest 's miss when had a good sight at goal . Led the line well with positive energy in the first half . However , made a poor decision not to play in Snodgrass on a good counter-attack . Tired in the second half as Scotland meekly surrendered . The game was over when came on , very difficult to make an impression . On for the injured Anya . Not given much to do since England were content to keep the ball and did n't pose much of a threat . Too late to make an impact .", "The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) has placed male bear Arktos in with female Victoria at Highland Wildlife Park near Aviemore . Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago . Arktos is one of two male bears at the park at Kincraig in the Cairngorms National Park . The pair could remain together for about two weeks . Arktos will eventually return to an enclosure shares with the other male , Walker . RZSS said captive breeding was an important part of a wider effort to conserve polar bears , are classified as \" vulnerable \" on the International Union Conservation of Nature 's Red List of Threatened Species . However , animal welfare organisations OneKind Scotland and Born Free Foundation have said tackling climate change to better protect wild bears should be the focus of conservation efforts rather than captive breeding . RZSS , also manages Edinburgh Zoo where efforts have been made to breed giant pandas , said Arktos and Victoria have mated several times so far . The society said the pair would live together for the next week or two \" mimicking would occur naturally in the wild \" . Vickie Larkin , head carnivore keeper at the park , said the pair had appeared to have bonded well since being introduced . said : \" Both polar bears have really warmed to each other and all the signs are really positive . \" From the first moment met , Arktos has been really gentle with Victoria and bond has been immediate . \" Polar bear breeding is inherently complex as the species are induced ovulators , meaning that the female only releases an egg after initial mating occurs . also practice delayed implantation , where the egg does n't implant into the uterine wall until some months later . \" Ms Larkin added : \" If successful , Victoria will not fall pregnant until August to September time . \" Other key stages are entering the birthing den in October to November and potentially giving birth in December to January . Any cubs would then not come out of the birthing den until March to April 2017 . \" Arktos arrived at the park in April 2012 from a zoo in Hannover , Germany . When being given health checks , park staff talk to Arktos in German , the language heard when was in the zoo in Hannover . Victoria , was brought to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark last year and is kept in an enclosure about a mile away from the males , previously raised cubs in 2008 .", "Martin will replace Bruce Anstey in the team , won last year 's race . McGuinness had been on way to a third straight victory before suffering a technical issue , and eventually finished fourth . The team said the duo , will also be team-mates at Honda at the TT races , will target the first 120 + mph lap . McGuinness still holds the lap record for the class of 119.279mph ( 18:58.743 ) , set on way to victory in 2015 . Martin , from Grimsby , missed last year 's TT and North West 200 to compete in the 2,712-mile Tour Divide mountain bike race in the United States . The 35-year-old has not raced since suffering multiple broken vertebrae and a fractured sternum in a crash in the Dundrod 150 Superbike race in 2015 . The truck mechanic and TV personality is still looking for first TT victory , having finished on the podium 16 times .", "The animal , thought to be a juvenile minke whale , is about 4m long . was first seen on Thursday morning and seems to be healthy and content . Minke whales are one of the most common in waters . is thought may have swum in in pursuit of fish in the channel . A fully-grown minke can grow to 9m in length . The harbour authorities are liaising with experts in the Northern Ireland Environment Agency , and are expected to monitor the animal for several days in the hope returns to open water . are no immediate grounds for concern over the animal 's health , said the Department of Agriculture , Environment and Rural Affairs ( DAERA ) . \" Minke whales frequent the waters around the mouth of Belfast Lough , but young or inquisitive animals will , on occasion , come closer inshore ,\" said a spokesperson . \" However , Marine and Fisheries team will continue to monitor the whale 's behaviour in conjunction with colleagues from Belfast Harbour Commissioners . \" The animal is currently in a well-regulated area within Belfast Harbour where is no risk of disturbance . \" The whale is not in an area is easily viewable by the public , however , as a marine-protected species , people are advised to enjoy any views are fortunate to have of this remarkable animal but not to approach or do anything to disturb ,\" the statement added .", "Sandra Bland was arrested during a heated traffic stop captured on film . was found dead three days later . The 28-year-old 's death and the video footage of arrest sparked outrage . The arresting officer , Brian Encinia , has been charged with allegedly lying about , a prosecutor announced after a day of grand jury discussions . Hours later , was fired from job . The grand jury had picked out the officer 's affidavit as behind decision , said special prosecutor Shawn McDonald . In that affidavit , Mr Encinia had claimed that Ms Bland was \" combative and uncooperative \" after pulled over . The argument began after was asked to put out cigarette and demanded get out of car . Video footage showed the police officer drawing stun gun and threatening Ms Bland with the words : \" will light up ! \" After the argument moved off-camera , was heard screaming that was about to break wrists and complained that head knocked against the ground . Mr McDonald said grand jurors found Mr Encinia 's statement that had \" removed from vehicle to further conduct a safer traffic investigation \" to be false . Soon after the indictment , the Texas Department of Public Safety said \" termination proceedings \" would start immediately . Ms Bland 's death three days after arrest was ruled a suicide and the sheriff 's officials and jailers were cleared of any crime . But sparked national headlines for days amid a debate about the police use of force against African Americans . The perjury charge carries a maximum sentence of one year in jail and a $ 4,000 fine .", "'s overtaken Barack Obama 's famous \" four more years \" tweet . When Obama sent the message after being re-elected in 2012 , made history by being retweeted more than half a million times in a few hours and smashed previous records . 's now been shared more than 750,000 times . But the One Direction tweet from 2011 in Louis said Harry was \" always in heart \" is now more popular , having been retweeted more than 780,000 times . Both still have a long way to go to beat the famous Oscar selfie posted by Ellen DeGeneres . So far that has been retweeted more than three million times . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The court upheld a Chilean prison sentence for Hartmut Hopp , a German citizen in seventies . Hopp worked with Paul Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer , a former Nazi soldier founded the commune in southern Chile 1961 . Residents were indoctrinated and kept as virtual slaves for more than 30 years . Hopp 's lawyer says will appeal against the sentence . Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer also collaborated with the government of Augusto Pinochet secret police used the colony around 350km ( 215 miles ) south of the capital , Santiago , as a place of torture and to \" disappear \" opponents . Germany last year said would declassify files on the sect , and the foreign minister at the time , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , admitted that the diplomatic service had failed to stop the abuses . The scale of the abuses only came to light after Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer faced a series of lawsuits in 1997 . fled Chile and was arrested in Argentina in 2005 . was convicted in Chile of sexual abuse of children , weapons possession and human rights violations . died in a Chilean jail in 2010 at the age of 88 .", "By convention these are relatively uncontroversial and involve saying something nice about predecessor despite political differences with . Cardiff North Labour MP MP Anna McMorrin found some warm words about the Conservative job took . \" know how hard Craig worked to represent the constituency over the past two years ,\" told MPs on Monday . Gower Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi did n't mention Byron Davies by name but said on Thursday : \" would also like to pay tribute to predecessor served the constituency to the best of ability . \" Ms McMorrin went on to give analysis of the Brexit referendum vote - city voted to remain in the EU . \" The vote in many parts of Wales was not a vote against Europe or the concept or the reality of the European Union ,\" said . \" was a vote against politics\u00e2 \u20ac\u201d against the reality of the decisions taken here . \" The cumulative impact of benefit cuts and reductions in public spending has hit the poorest hardest , so intend to use time here to speak up against a failed austerity where the richest people have forced the poorest people to pay the price . \" added name to an amendment to the Queen 's Speech calling for the UK to remain inside the single market and the customs union . \" Ms Antoniazzi used speech to oppose fracking and urge ministers to sign off the proposed Swansea tidal lagoon . also reflected on own heritage . \" Italian family name is embedded in the Gower constituency ,\" said . \" The introduction of cafe culture to the people of South Wales comes predominantly from the families of Bardi - and yes , have ice cream to thank for . \" Business Secretary Greg Clark told had sampled some of that ice cream while campaigning for predecessor . A friend had found that \" Gower \" and \" Tonia \" were searched for more than 20 times on daughter 's tablet computer . \" When questioned told mother , is n't amazing that live somewhere that anyone can become an MP do n't have to be rich , do n't have to go to a posh school just have to work hard . \" And with more than 20 years as a teacher Amelie 's words ring so true for the schoolchildren of Gower , Wales and the United Kingdom because ambition is critical ,\" added .", "The Campaign for Real Ale ( Camra ) has given the award to the George & Dragon at Hudswell , near Richmond , North Yorkshire . The pub , the village 's only community facility , closed in 2008 . reopened in 2010 after residents formed the Hudswell Community Pub Ltd group and raised \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 to buy the building and land . Read more about this and other stories from across North Yorkshire The group was helped by the Plunkett Foundation supports community co-operatives in rural areas . Camra said the George & Dragon had a warm and welcoming atmosphere and a strong community ethos . The pub includes a small shop , library , community allotments and free internet access . Paul Ainsworth , from Camra , said : \" The George & Dragon is a great example of how a pub has been resurrected as a true community asset . \" The pub 's current manager , Stu Miller , said was thrilled to receive the award . \" shows that hard work , good beer and the support of the community can help achieve goals seemed impossible only a short while ago ,\" said . Runners up in the UK-wide competition were the Salutation Inn in Ham , Gloucestershire , the Stanford Arms in Lowestoft , Norfolk , and the Swan with Two Necks in Pendleton , Lancashire .", "An \" in-depth investigation \" will look into claims made by Veracruz governor Miguel Angel Yunes Linares on Monday , the Ministry of Health said . alleged fake medicine had been bought and used in state hospitals under predecessor Javier Duarte . Mr Duarte has been on the run from the authorities since October . The former governor , was elected in 2010 , has not been seen since a week after stepped down amid allegations of corruption . has been charged with organised crime and money laundering , but are calls for the Attorney General 's office to file criminal charges relating to the latest accusations . On Monday , Mr Yunes Linares told a press conference that an investigation into malfeasance and corruption under Mr Duarte had uncovered medical fraud . ` have tests on a medication given to children , a paediatric chemotherapy was n't really a medication , was an inert substance , practically distilled water ,'' said . \" This really seems to a brutal crime , an attempt against the lives of the children . 're finishing analysis and , at the appropriate time , 'll be filing legal complaints . \" Mr Yunes Linares also alleged had been inadequate tests for HIV detection and the existence of outdated medicines . The allegations have shocked Mexico . \" is absolutely inhuman , criminal ,\" Senator Roberto Gil Zuart said , according to Mexican news site Quadratin . Mexico 's Secretary of Health Jos\u00c3 \u00a9 Narro Robles has promised to act on \" the persons or companies involved \" if irregularities or responsibility is found , the ministry said in a statement on Wednesday .", "last home game , a 4-0 win over Droylsden , attracted 142 supporters and after staff and players were paid , the Tigers were left with \u00a3 21 profit . Last week , the club issued an appeal for \u00a3 25,000 so could \" stay in a solvent position \" until the summer . \" are fans out there but if do n't come back then 're not going to have a team ,\" said Hughes . The club 's owner , Eamonn McGurk , has supported the club financially since struggled to pay a tax bill of more than \u00a3 80,000 in the 1990s . is estimated investment runs to more than \u00a3 1m , in addition to funding the planning costs for a new ground . The Blue Square Bet North club have been without a home for six years after Meadow Park ground was destroyed by flooding and nomadic status has played a major part in financial difficulties . have shared with local clubs Forest Green Rovers , Cirencester and most recently Cheltenham Town - where have been based since 2010 . But Hughes believes move out of the city , and the historical rivalry the Tigers have with Cheltenham , has caused fans to abandon local club . \" If had \u00a3 10 for every time 've spoken to someone has said ' used to support Gloucester but 'm not going to come back until 've returned to Gloucester ' , 'd probably be able to sustain the club ,\" told BBC Gloucestershire . \" 's always been this rivalry across the divide but Cheltenham are a Football League club now and that 's 've always wanted to aspire to . \" 've been fortunate that Cheltenham allowed to have a ground share - could have said no . \" Gloucester pay \u00a3 40,000 a year to play at Whaddon Road , but were recently threatened with eviction after failing to meet payments . The issue is close to being resolved and Gloucester hope to have a deal in place next week to remain in Cheltenham for next season 's campaign . Plans for a new stadium at the Meadow Park site were submitted to Gloucester City Council in 2011 , but have yet to be approved . \" has left so frustrated ,\" Hughes added . \" 's been a lot of money spent on reports etc [ for new stadium ] and 's been draining . \" 's been difficult . 're tired and just need something can hang hat on . need something will attract investors and keep going . \"", "Captain David Seath , 31 , was a fire support team commander in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery . suffered a suspected cardiac arrest while running the course and later died in hospital . was laid to rest following a funeral in St Margaret 's RC Memorial Church in Dunfermline . Hundreds of mourners gathered at the church for the service , was led by parish priest Father Chris Heenan . Capt Seath was originally from Cowdenbeath in Fife . Maj Jim McCaffery , 7 ( Sphinx ) Commando Battery , is based in Arbroath , told the service : \" is with great sadness were are here today to say farewell to Captain David Seath . \" David was an inspiration to all of . genuinely could not have wished for a finer officer . \" will be sorely missed and thoughts and prayers are with family . \" During the service , Capt James Walker-McClimens read a tribute on behalf of Capt Seath 's brother , Gary . told the mourners : \" David was hero and inspiration . was so proud to say that was a Captain in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery and that served country with distinction in Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" Words ca n't express how proud was listening to as described tours of Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" learnt so much about David 's tours of duty , the strong bond of comradeship had found in the Army as well as the many plans had for the future . \" are no words to express how devastated am that this story has so tragically ended , with so many chapters left unwritten . \" A family notice published in the Dunfermline Press said the service would be a \" celebration of David 's life \" and urged mourners to wear bright colours . Capt Seath fell ill at the 23-mile mark while taking part in the race . Following death , Capt Seath 's friends and colleagues vowed to continue to raise money for Help for Heroes and walk the final three miles of the marathon course . More than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 has been donated to a JustGiving page in memory while about \u00c2 \u00a3 80,000 has been raised for the charity on own page .", "Aodhan Woods was just 17 when was tied up , locked in a cupboard and subjected to several sexual assaults . Now 19 , has waived right to anonymity as attackers were jailed . Darren Fu , of Drumart Walk in Belfast , will spend half of 11-year sentence in jail . co-accused cannot be named got six years , half on licence . The unnamed abuser was 17 at the time of the offence and a reporting restriction is in place prevents identity from being made public . The attack took place on 30 May , 2014 when Mr Woods called to Fu 's flat in the Stranmillis area of Belfast . A previous hearing in the case was told Fu had ordered to sell drugs and was worried before entering the flat because had not sold enough . The attack began almost immediately and the court heard the pair subjected to \" exceptional degradation \" , holding at knifepoint , burning with cigarettes , and seriously sexually assaulting . The ordeal lasted a number of hours before released the teenager , then contacted police . Speaking outside court , Mr Woods said : \" thought was going to die that night . will never forget happened . \" described as the \" worst experience of life \" . \" did n't know was going to happen and were going to do . The whole ordeal was just terrifying . \" was diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after the attack but said did not see \" as a victim \" . \" am speaking out to show other people that 's okay to go and tell the police if have been sexually assaulted . want people to find the courage to come forward and get the support need . \" Mr Woods thanked family and friends and the police for supporting through the criminal justice process . \" would say to anyone else has been sexually assaulted , do n't be afraid , do n't hide . The only way to move forward is to tell someone and 'll soon realise is so much support . Do n't be afraid to speak out . \" The teenager welcomed the sentences given to attackers . Fu had pleaded guilty to four charges - namely false imprisonment , two counts of sexual assault , and rape . co-accused admitted six counts including false imprisonment , two counts of sexual assault and attempted rape .", "Jasim Khadijah was a rocket expert controlled attacks , Col Steve Warren said . Last month a US soldier died and several others were injured when a base used by US troops was shelled by IS . was the second US combat death since the US first struck the group in 2014 .", "\" This is definitely not the Oscars ,\" said 22 Jump Street star Jillian Bell on the red carpet in Los Angeles . As well as fan-voted awards like best kiss and best shirtless performance ( Efron won - again ) the ceremony was also an unofficial promotional platform for this summer 's blockbusters . The night 's big winner was The Fault in Stars , won best movie . The film 's star Shailene Woodley also picked up best female performance , the Trailblazer Award and best kiss for a scene with Ansel Elgort . Woodley gave an emotional speech dedicated to John Green , the author of the book the film is based on , saying \" gave this world a beautiful masterpiece \" . Other winners included Bradley Cooper , won best male performance for role as the late Chris Kyle in American Sniper . The 40-year-old actor said : \" Chris Kyle would have turned 41 four days ago . Chris , this is for ,\" said Cooper . Channing Tatum took home best comedic performance for 22 Jump Street and Meryl Streep picked up best villain for role in Into the Woods . Jennifer Lopez , Jennifer Lawrence , Seth Rogen and Rose Byrne were also among the winners . Kevin Hart , was the target of many size-related jokes throughout the night , brought kids on stage to accept the comedic genius award . said : \" do all for . 'm trying to leave a legacy behind . \" In one of the more energetic moments of the show , Robert Downey Jr brought fellow Avengers stars to knees while accepting the Generation Award . Scarlett Johansson , Chris Evans , Chris Hemsworth , Mark Ruffalo and Jeremy Renner all took the stage to present co-star with the award , Downey called \" the recognition so desire \" . Clips from the upcoming Pitch Perfect sequel , Judd Apatow 's latest comedy Trainwreck and Marvel 's new film Ultron were shown during a look ahead to this summer 's releases . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The 24-year-old summer signing injured in training on Friday as went to take a shot and will see a consultant this week . joins Ryan Brunt and left-back Gary Sawyer as long-term absentees . \" 's a huge blow , any players have in the squad are injured is very disappointing for ,\" manager Derek Adams told BBC Radio Devon . Spencer had become first choice in the central striking role of the League Two leaders following an injury to on-loan Bristol City forward Paul-Arnold Garita , has just returned to fitness . \" and Garita have played in that area this season and held the ball up and performed well for ,\" Adams added following Saturday 's 3-0 home loss to Grimsby . \" 's hard to take as a manager because feel that 're getting somewhere and then something happens , 's like a roadblock , 's very difficult to overcome these things , so 's hard to take . \"", "The Colombia international , has not played since October following a thigh injury , has been replaced in the squad by new loan signing Alexandre Pato . The 29-year old has made just one Premier League start since signing on a season-long from Monaco last July . Former AC Milan forward Pato , 26 , signed for Chelsea last week on a six-month loan from Corinthians . However , the Brazil international has not featured since November as looks to regain full fitness following a series of injuries . Chelsea interim boss Guus Hiddink has also included new signing Matt Miazga in both Champions League and Premier League squad lists for the second half of the season . The United States defender , 20 , joined Chelsea on a four-and-a-half-year contract from New York Red Bulls last week . Falcao , was linked with a deadline day move to former club Atletico Madrid , has been named in Chelsea 's 25-man Premier League squad . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini revealed on Monday that Nigerian forward Kelechi Iheanacho , 19 , will replace Samir Nasri in City 's 25-man Champions League squad . France international midfielder Nasri , 28 , is set for at least another two months on the sidelines following a hamstring injury and tendon surgery in November . Clubs featuring in the knock-out stages of the Champions League were required to supply European football 's governing body Uefa with updated squad lists by Tuesday night , but Arsenal have yet to publicly announce any changes to 25-man squad . The Gunners are expected to make one change , with new midfield signing Mohamed Elneny , 23 , replacing defender Mathieu Debuchy , 30 , has joined Ligue 1 side Bordeaux on loan until the end of the season .", "had lost mother and become stranded in shallow waters off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia . Tourists then began touching and photographing the animal rather than seeking help for . Equinac , a local NGO , said \" selfishness \" caused the dolphin \" suffering and stress . \" The organisation , works to protect marine wildlife in the area , wrote in a Facebook post ( in Spanish ) : \" The animal was subjected to the curious wanted to photograph and touch . \" \" These animals are highly protected ; to disturb , to harm , to manipulate and to harass is prohibited by law , and always ask for respect and consideration . \"", "The men , aged 26 and 24 , were in a house in Melrose Street when three men armed with a knife , hammer and batons forced way into the property just before midnight on Saturday . After assaulting the men , the gang left with a sum of cash and personal items . also smashed a number of windows . The men in the house received medical treatment for injuries . Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact .", "Areas in Counties Londonderry , Antrim and Down were affected . A spokesperson for Northern Ireland Electricity said was an equipment fault was detected at 21.40 BST . All properties have had power restored had power restored by 22.14 BST .", "The 64-year-old was found with critical injuries in Luxfield Road , south-east London , at about 02:10 GMT . was pronounced dead at the scene . A 52-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder close to where the victim was found . The arrested man and the victim knew each other but were not related , the Metropolitan Police said . The victim 's next of kin have been informed .", "But the council is to set up a group to \" resolve outstanding design issues \" . The proposed cycle route will link Leith Walk in the east of the city to Roseburn in the west , via the city centre and Haymarket . The plans include reducing four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two , and using half a carriageway and a bus lane for cyclists . Supporters of the path said was vital for cutting congestion and would provide a safe route across the city . said would also encourage more active travel . But residents and shop owners in the Roseburn area said reducing loading bays to make way for bikes would have a huge impact on passing trade , and that reducing traffic lanes could increase congestion at Roseburn . The council said the new working group would be set up to help resolve outstanding design issues with the plans . said work would start immediately to secure further funding and to \" make preparations to commence the necessary statutory processes for the scheme \" . A final decision will be taken after the the working group 's discussions . Transport convener Councillor Lesley Hinds said the council was still \" 100 % committed \" to the project but acknowledged had divided opinion . said a new group would be formed to try to reach a conclusion on the final route design \" the majority are happy with \" . Ms Hinds added : \" Given the strength of feeling out there about certain aspects of the plans , 's clearly still work to be done before the final route design is agreed . \"", "The 2014 winner Pineau De Re was among those to miss the cut for the famous Aintree race . Lower-rated horses are balloted out , with The Romford Pele occupying the number 40 slot . were no withdrawals in Thursday 's final declaration stage . Four reserves are on standby should any runner pull out before 13:00 BST on Friday . Download sweepstake kit here Pinstickers' guide Many Clouds is 7-1 favourite ahead of 10-1 chance The Last Samuri and 12-1 shot Silviniaco Conti . Coverage of the race , over 30 fences and nearly four-and-a-half miles , is expected to be followed by 600 million people worldwide . Organisers have put back the time of the race by an hour to 17:15 BST in an effort to further increase the audience . The National is a handicap chase , with each runner allotted a different weight to carry by the official handicapper Phil Smith . Some trainers are faced with the tricky task of trying to ensure contenders perform well enough to get a rating guarantees a run , without landing a big weight hampers chances . Pineau De Re is now in the twilight of career , at the age of 13 , and rating has dropped . No horse of that age has won the National since Sergeant Murphy in 1923 . The British Horseracing Authority has indicated is open to reviewing the entry system ahead of next year 's National . Top weight Many Clouds will seek to become the first horse since the legendary triple victor Red Rum in the 1970s to win back-to-back runnings . Victory would see jockey Leighton Aspell , also triumphed aboard Pineau De Re two years ago , become the first rider to win three years running . Media playback is not supported on this device Officials believe modifications to the fences , and other alterations , introduced three years ago have helped improve safety . Since the changes , have been no fatal injuries in the National , although two horses died in other races at the three-day meeting last year .", "Thousands of animals , many of endangered , are part of the count is required by law as part of the zoo 's licence . Important details about each and every individual are noted down so that the zoo can help worldwide breeding programmes . Newsround 's Martin headed to the zoo , houses over 400 different species , to find out how 's done .", "Another user in the dark web - a hidden part of the internet where guns , drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police , a spokesperson said . The boy 's body was subsequently found in the cellar of a house in Herne , North Rhine-Westphalia . Police say the 19-year-old suspect may be armed . Searches are being carried out in towns near Herne , lies in the Ruhr area , a heavily industrialised region . Reports say the suspect , is on the run , is a martial arts enthusiast .", "Voters should have the option to remain in the EU if are unhappy with the result of Brexit talks , said . The party is also discussing electoral pacts with fellow parties in a \" number \" of constituencies , added . Ms Lucas is the Greens' only MP and the Liberal Democrats have agreed not to contest Brighton Pavilion seat . wants to maximise the number of MPs will support moves for electoral reform and try to win or defend seats against the Conservative Party . \" Discussions are going on in a number of constituencies . Whether that will deliver any results , ca n't tell - watch this space ,\" said at an election event in Hackney , London . The Lib Dems have previously said a \" limited number \" of local parties are considering similar deals ahead of the June 8 election . Bristol West and the Isle of Wight are among the Green Party 's target seats , as pushes for a second MP . Outlining the party 's policy on Brexit , Ms Lucas said leaks and reports during the weekend about Brexit talks between Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker \" confirmed worst fears really - that Theresa May is going into these negotiations utterly unprepared , completely arrogant and not understanding how the EU works \" . \" In the days following the EU referendum , the Green Party called for the British people to have a further say on the details of any Brexit deal and stand by that position ,\" said . The Green Party accepted that the 2016 referendum result was an instruction to the government to begin Brexit talks , said . But should be the \" start , not the end \" of the process , with people having a say on the final deal - including an option to remain within the European Union , said . The Lib Dems have also promised a second referendum on the Brexit deal . Theresa May says that the Conservatives would make \" a success \" of Brexit and has promised to give MPs a vote on any deal is agreed between the UK and the EU . Jeremy Corbyn says Labour would not hold a referendum on the final deal , but wants MPs to have a decisive say on .", "Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust was criticised by the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) in March 2015 . A re-inspection in April this year found had made \" positive progress \" in some areas , but improvements were still needed . The safety of patients at high risk of suicide had been deemed inadequate but has now been improved . The trust currently has about 27,000 patients across the county and more than 2,000 members of staff . Dr Paul Lelliott , deputy chief inspector of hospitals for the CQC , said was now \" good care \" for the population served by the trust . \" saw staff treating patients with kindness , dignity and respect ,\" said . The use of volunteers and therapy dogs was praised , as was the patient-run caf\u00c3 \u00a9 and the range of paid job opportunities , including gardening and car valeting . In March 2015 patients at risk of suicide were found not to be kept safe , but the trust said now monitors \" ligature risks \" , are fixed points someone could use to harm . \" Heat maps \" are also used to show patients at high risk of suicide . Dr John Brewin , trust chief executive , said : \" am pleased that the work of all of staff has been reflected . \" staff have a real focus on providing high-quality care for patients and this latest report is testament to that commitment . \" Improvements are needed in the areas of care plans , staff supervision , bed availability and delays in patients accessing psychological therapies , the CQC said . The trust was also found to have good relationships with the community and police .", "The 33-1 shot , ridden by David Mullins and trained by Mouse Morris , triumphed at Aintree in April to become the first novice to win the race since 1958 . The nine-year-old , owned by the Gigginstown House Stud , has twice recovered from a cracked pelvis . \" did n't want to send back to Aintree with a big weight , that would n't be fair ,\" said Gigginstown 's racing manager Eddie O'Leary . \" provided with first Grand National and 'll never forget . \" BBC horse racing correspondent Cornelius Lysaght : \" As the first Grand National winner for owner Michael O'Leary's burgeoning Gigginstown House Stud as well as the first novice chaser to win the race in nearly 60 years , Rule The World has place in history . \" Though ran highly respectably at Punchestown after Aintree , O'Leary had already hinted that , having defied serious injury to reach one of the great pinnacles , had perhaps done bit . \" a season for Gigginstown , with success at Aintree , in the Irish National and Cheltenham Gold Cup , but at a price . Rule the World has been retired and are doubts whether Gold Cup winner Don Cossack will race again . \"", "Adam Mitchell is believed to have been in a pub in Inverness' Baron Taylor Street on Wednesday night last week . Police Scotland said CCTV images show near the Harry Fairbairn BMW garage on Longman Road at 00:52 on Thursday . Coastguard and police helicopters and the RNLI 's Kessock lifeboat were involved in making searches of Inverness Harbour and Beauly Firth . The effort followed up on searches made earlier last week . Family and friends said Mr Mitchell 's failure to return to home in the Culduthel area was out of character . Mr Mitchell is described as 5ft 11in in height , stocky build with long mousy brown hair and a beard . When last seen was wearing a black leather jacket , a denim vest , black jeans and boots .", "The actor , was known to millions as Coronation Street binman Eddie Yeats in the 1970s and 1980s , died \" peacefully in sleep \" on Friday night . followed a \" long courageous battle \" with prostate cancer , family said . Hughes , lived on the Isle of Wight , was also known for roles as Twiggy in TV comedy The Royle Family and Onslow in Keeping Up Appearances . had thought had beaten prostate cancer in 2009 , but was told had returned after collapsing at home in 2010 . Hughes first appeared in 1960s shows such as Z-Cars and The Likely Lads . was the voice of Paul McCartney in the Beatles film Yellow Submarine . Other roles included Vernon in Heartbeat and Uncle Keith in teen drama Skins , guest-starring in episodes of Doctor Who , Casualty , Boon and The Upper Hand . A Coronation Street spokeswoman said : \" are very sad to hear of the death of Geoffrey Hughes . \" created a legendary and iconic character in Eddie Yeats will always be part of Coronation Street . Everyone connected with the programme sends sincerest condolences to family . \" Coronation Street star William Roache , plays Ken Barlow , said : \" am so sorry to hear about Geoffrey . was a warm , lovable actor , with great comedy timing . \" will be greatly missed , one of the Street 's memorable characters . \" Helen Worth , plays Gail McIntyre in Coronation Street , said : \" Geoff was a very dear friend for many years , and 'm very sad to hear the news of passing . \" was a master of gentle comedy and brought pleasure to so many people . will be sadly missed . \" Sally Lindsay , played barmaid Shelley Unwin in Corrie , wrote on Twitter that first TV job was playing Twiggy 's girlfriend in The Royle Family , \" and was so kind RIP lovely man x \" . Hughes was appointed Deputy Lord Lieutenant for the Isle of Wight in 2009 , providing the official link between the island and royalty at formal events .", "Jamie Taggart , from Argyll and Bute , failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area . has not been seen since 2 November , when rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa . Mr Taggart , 41 , runs Linn Botanic Gardens in the village of Cove on the Rosneath peninsula and serves the area as a retained firefighter . Local police and the British embassy in Hanoi have been informed about disappearance . Friend and fellow botanist Ian Sinclair , has been liaising with the search parties , said had been hampered by horrendous weather . \" The snow is continuing to melt , but is a massive amount of snow damage to the forest such as collapsed trees ,\" said . \" The weather has been horrendous , with snow down to Sapa . This is extremely unusual as Sapa is upper tropical rainforest . \" A large group from the national park will be doing an intensive search once the snow melts . \" A search due to begin on Tuesday will concentrate on four trails inside the forest of Lai Chau and Lao Cai , said . Family and friends of Mr Taggart in hometown of Cove have issued an appeal for funds to help cover the cost of the search . A Facebook page - Jamie Taggart Search - has also been set up . Organisations and individuals have so far raised thousands of pounds , including six-year-old Annie Ferguson of Cove donated \u00c2 \u00a3 14.50 savings . The botanist 's father , Jim Taggart , found out son was missing when failed to appear on a scheduled flight home to Scotland on 29 November . had arrived at a guest house in Sapa on 30 October and left on a motorbike taxi to explore the hills . On 2 November rucksack and passport were found at the accommodation . Dr Taggart previously told BBC Radio Scotland that had received a handful of text messages from son before contact stopped . \" do n't think had got lost . Either something happened to on first day on the hills or is some explanation can only guess at ,\" said . A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesman said : \" are still in close contact with the local authorities and are providing consular assistance to the family at this difficult time . \"", "The RAC said the higher prices were due to a combination of rising crude oil prices , and the devaluation of the pound after June 's Brexit vote . Average petrol prices rose by 4.4p to 116.7p per litre and average diesel prices rose 5.2p to 118.7p per litre . The motoring body said these were the biggest monthly increases for three and a half years . fuel spokesman , Simon Williams , said retailers had \" no choice \" but to put up prices on garage forecourts . \" The effects of the weak pound have really been felt on the wholesale market , and this , combined with an oil price at nearly double lowest level in 2016 , has put significant upward pressure on wholesale fuel prices ,\" said . \" Certainly , are a long way from the remarkably low fuel prices enjoyed by families and businesses early in 2016 , when the average price of unleaded was around 102p per litre and diesel was 101p ,\" added . According to the RAC , the increases mean now costs \u00c2 \u00a3 64.20 to fill the 55-litre petrol tank of a typical family car . Meanwhile costs \u00c2 \u00a3 65.25 to fill up a similarly sized tank in a diesel car . The RAC suggested that the price of fuel might stabilise in the coming months . \" Opec , represents some of the world 's biggest oil producers , recently agreed in principle a cut in production ,\" said Mr Williams . \" But a final deal is still to be agreed at an Opec meeting at the end of this month and , with some analysts suggesting a deal might yet stall , this leaves open the prospect oil prices might stabilise or even fall before the end of the year ,\" added .", "East Oxford residents have been complaining about the behaviour of Oxford Brookes students on nights out . In the letter Andrea Siret , head of community engagement , said students could face disciplinary action . One resident told the BBC often heard students \" screaming \" . Ross Clark said : \" 've had students running over cars in street , stupid things . \" At two o'clock in the morning 're all running past in shopping trolleys , screaming . is n't a good thing . \" When get terrible [ neighbours ] 're in trouble . \" The letter tells students to \" show consideration to neighbours , including students passing through residential areas to attend venues , as quite often residents are sleeping \" . reads : \" are particularly concerned about the volume of complaints have received ... believe that the majority of these complaints are caused by students on way to or returning from a night out . \" The university takes responsibilities as a neighbour within the community very seriously . \" All students at Oxford Brookes University accept , as a condition of enrolment , that will not act in a way brings the university into disrepute . This includes students living in private-rented accommodation . \" Oxford City Council has set Oxford 's universities a target of no more than 3,000 students each living in private accommodation . However , 3,747 Oxford Brookes students rented private homes last year , with many residing in the east Oxford area .", "Four wards were closed to visitors at Arrowe Park Hospital , Wirral , on Monday before the visiting ban was extended on Thursday . The ban does not affect Wirral Women and Children 's Hospitals . Gaynor Westray , director of nursing and midwifery at the hospital , said the decision was \" in the best interests of patients \" . said : \" The safety of patients is paramount to and is never an easy decision to make but this will help contain the spread of this highly contagious bug . \" The hospital has also asked the public to not visit accident and emergency department if have symptoms of the bug . Norovirus - causes vomiting , stomach cramps , fever and diarrhoea - is easily spread from person to person . Symptoms usually begin between 12 to 48 hours after a person becomes infected , with most healthy people making a recovery within one to three days . Arrowe Park has not given an indication of how long the ban is likely to remain in effect .", "Two men , aged 23 and 24 , had a noxious substance thrown over at 19:00 BST on Tuesday on Roman Road , Bethnal Green , east London . Rahad Hussain , 23 , has been charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon , namely acid . was remanded in custody when appeared at Thames Magistrates' Court . Mr Hussain , of no fixed address , gave no indication of a plea . is due to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on 29 August .", "The Tribunal de Commerce decided SeaFrance 's future after a bailout by the French government was ruled illegal by the European Commission . The court also said an offer by a cooperative of employees was not acceptable . Hundreds of jobs in France are also expected to be lost . Three ferries were operated by SeaFrance on the Dover to Calais route . The service was suspended in November . Conservative MP for Dover and Deal Charlie Elphicke said : \" is a real concern for the ... people in Dover have worked for SeaFrance and also families . \" This is a difficult day and think the heart of the whole community goes out to . \" Obviously 's a real blow , [ if ] SeaFrance is n't operating that means 's less ferry traffic . \" were tears from SeaFrance workers gathered outside the court in Paris to hear the decision on the firm 's future . Many were protesting over the handling of SeaFrance 's fate , with one banner questioning why French president , Nikolas Sarkozy had not intervened to save the company . Flares were lit in protest at the company 's liquidation . Eurotunnel has not ruled out a future bid for the cross-channel ferry firm , employs nearly 1,000 people . Mr Elphicke said of Eurotunnel 's proposals : \" Many people will want to know that were n't simply going to buy [ SeaFrance 's ferries ] in order to scrap . \" need to make sure give a clear plan as to why are interested in the ferry business and not simply going to take out capacity . \" Everyone is working as hard as can to ensure that jobs will be safeguarded and working as hard as can to ensure that those ships will be back on route with a new buyer and a new purchaser . \" A spokesman said Eurotunnel would \" now be working to see the fair value of the assets \" were before making any decision . The French firm went into receivership in 2010 and company 's ferries carried more than 3.5 million passengers a year on the Dover to Calais route . A spokeswoman from SeaFrance said : \" SeaFrance is sad to announce that the Tribunal de Commerce in Paris has made the decision to liquidate the company . \" Despite the best efforts of all parties , the court came to the difficult conclusion that none of the options available to were financially viable . \" Provision has been made to ensure that all customers with pre-existing bookings will receive refunds . \" urged customers to contact SeaFrance for details .", "solicitor Julia Cooper has asked Surrey Police to explain a statement that had confessed to the murder . Bellfield , 47 , was given a whole-life prison sentence in June 2011 for murdering the schoolgirl . Surrey Police confirmed had received a letter from Bellfield 's solicitors but said was standing by statement on the confession . Milly was kidnapped while on way from school to home in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , in March 2002 . Ms Cooper said Bellfield , now known as Yusuf Rahim , believed a \" covert tape \" may have been used to record response to a police interview in prison . said \" client denies giving a confession \" . has written to Surrey Police requesting the tape recording and notes from the meeting . Ms Cooper said Bellfield contacted very soon after Surrey Police distributed press statement relating to the Dowler case . said Bellfield denies all the crimes for has been convicted . Last month , Surrey Police revealed Bellfield had made the admission during an investigation into whether had an accomplice involved in the abduction and rape , but not murder , of Milly . The force said stood by original statement . A police source speaking to the BBC would not comment on how the admission was recorded . Milly 's body was found 25 miles away from where was kidnapped , in Yateley Heath , Hampshire . Experts could not say how died . Bellfield was found guilty of abducting and murdering the teenager following a trial at the Old Bailey where a judge described as a \" cruel and pitiless killer \" . was already in jail for the murders of Amelie Delagrange , 22 , and Marsha McDonnell , 19 , and the attempted murder of Kate Sheedy , 18 , when went on trial accused of killing Milly . lived 50 yards from where Milly vanished but did not become a suspect until was arrested by police in London for the other crimes in 2004 . On Wednesday , the Dowler family revealed harrowing details of Milly 's final hours , saying had been made aware of suffering last year after Bellfield had spoken to police .", "backed plans to issue fines initially , and only resort to criminal charges for repeat offenders . Selling , buying and producing the drug will remain illegal and the move must still be ratified by parliament . According to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , almost 9 % of Israelis use cannabis , though some experts believe the figure to be higher . The move follows recommendations by a committee set up to study the issue , and moves by a number of US states and European nations to decriminalise use of the drug . \" On the one hand are opening up to the future . On the other hand , understand the dangers and will try to balance the two ,\" Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told cabinet ahead of the vote . Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked said : \" Israel cannot shut eyes to the changes being made across the world in respect to marijuana consumption and effects . \" Meanwhile , Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan added that the move was \" an important step on the way to implementing a new policy will emphasise education and treatment instead of criminal enforcement \" . Under the new system , first-time personal users are caught and confess will be fined 1,000 shekels ( \u00c2 \u00a3 220 ; $ 270 ) , with this doubling on the second occasion . Probation will apply the third time and only a fourth case would lead to criminal charges . Israel is one of the world leaders in research into medical use of marijuana .", "The 24-year-old striker , scored 25 Premier League goals last season , turned down the most lucrative contract offer in Everton 's history in March . \" do n't want to stay at the same level . want to improve and know where want to do that ,\" Belgian Lukaku said on Monday . Former club Chelsea , originally signed for in 2011 , remain favourites to complete a deal for Lukaku . The Premier League champions , Manchester United and Bayern Munich have been linked with a move for Lukaku , has been at Everton since 2013 . \" are now talking to the club . know 's happening , but will leave the talks to agent ,\" added to journalists after Belgium beat the Czech Republic in a friendly in Brussels . \" know 's happening , but ca n't tell anything more . \" would like most is to play in the Champions League and try to win the Premier League once . Or better - a few times . \" Lukaku is represented by Mino Raiola , the agent helped negotiate Paul Pogba 's \u00a3 89m move to Manchester United last summer .", "The rock legends' set went out on the BBC World Service as part of Alexis Korner 's Rhythm and Blues programme and was taped from an AM radio in Europe . includes the band 's only known recording of the track Sunshine Woman . The session recording has been restored with help from guitarist Jimmy Page for inclusion on a new compilation . The Complete BBC Sessions , will be released in September , is a remastered update of a 1997 collection of tracks recorded for the BBC between 1969 and 1971 . includes eight previously unreleased recordings , including the first broadcast of Stairway To Heaven , from the BBC Paris Cinema in London on 1 April 1971 . Versions of songs from the band 's first two albums also feature , including Communication Breakdown and Is And Should Never Be . Formed in 1968 , Led Zeppelin went on to become one of the world 's biggest bands , with each of studio albums making the top 10 of the US Billboard charts . officially split in 1980 , following the death of drummer John Bonham . The remaining members reformed for a 2007 concert in London , with Bonham 's son Jason playing drums .", "The woman was taken to hospital after the incident involving a male inmate at Maghaberry Prison , near Lisburn , on Monday . Adrian Smith from the Prison Officers Association ( POA ) told BBC News NI the woman was one of the newer prison officers . said believed was attacked with a weapon \" made from a razor \" . \" has an approximately three inch deep cut below left ear ,\" said . \" With the ever increasing budget cuts , believe this will happen more often ,\" added . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" The Prison Service utterly condemns this attack and has referred the incident to the PSNI \" .", "Royal Mail predicts that on calls Take-back Tuesday will be a rise of more than 50 % in returns against December 's daily average . Clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned . People are also expected to flock to shops at lunchtime to give back gifts , but may face issues getting a refund . Catherine Shuttleworth , from consumer analysts Savvy Marketing , told the BBC : \" The problem for many people will be that without a gift receipt will not be able to get a return at the retail price at an item was originally purchased . \" Prices have been slashed in the Boxing Day and January sales , and is also likely to be very mixed stock available if shoppers are wanting to return and replace an item , as is unlikely a product will be available on the shelf . \" is not only shoppers could have problems - are also issues for the companies . \" poses challenges for retailers in terms of additional staffing for returns and ensuring that returns policies are adhered to ,\" Ms Shuttleworth said . \" This year , returns are complicated by the high level of discounting before Christmas when many gifts were purchased - so retailers have the challenge of managing [ profit ] margin on returns . \" can also expect to see long queues in retailers at exchange points , are never a desirable position for the retailer or shopper . \" Find out more about rights Most online clothes shoppers send something back Royal Mail 's figures for the expected surge in returns is based on the number of parcels handled by Tracked Returns service , is used by more than 1,000 e-retailers . A Royal Mail survey of 1,517 UK online shoppers , looking at the number of items sent back , discovered that 30 % of returned women 's clothes , 17 % men 's clothes , 16 % footwear and 7 % children 's clothes . And in a separate survey of 1,505 online shoppers in the UK , 38 % said that a free returns policy was likely to make do more shopping in this way . The highest volume of returns through Royal Mail in the last financial year took place in January 2016 .", "Simon Hamilton said if want the highest standard of health and social care , then the current configuration of services is not going to work . Mr Hamilton pulled no punches in first keynote address in new role . said the real challenge was the absence of political agreement on the future of health and social care . Mr Hamilton acknowledged the worries that reform will lead to the closure of facilities . But added that growing and ageing population means Northern Ireland has to do things differently . In a hard-hitting speech with lots of plain talking , the minister said attachments to the bricks and mortar of the National Health Service [ NHS ] must not act as a barrier inhibits people from getting the best healthcare . Instead , called on people to embrace change and allow the NHS to move with the times .", "Melissa Morton , 12 , was among 34 pupils at Brentwood School in Essex aboard a coach crashed into a motorway bridge near Middelkerke , West Flanders . father Keith Morton said had been \" very disturbed by all \" . The school said some staff still needed hospital treatment , but all pupils were due back in school next week . The coach , was heading to Cologne in Germany for a languages trip , hit a bridge on the A18 ( E40 ) near Middelkerke during the morning of 28 June . Driver James Chance , worked for a coach firm in County Antrim , Northern Ireland , was killed . A second driver was also injured . Two boys were badly hurt , with one receiving head injuries and another having a broken leg , have both been back to the independent school to meet friends , a spokesman said . said some injured teachers , including one suffered a broken collarbone , had continued to receive hospital treatment and were due to continue recovering for a number of weeks until could return to work . Some pupils and staff are also receiving counselling . Keith Morton , daughter Melissa escaped unhurt , told BBC Essex was still \" emotionally not quite right \" . \" 's been some teary situations and sleepless nights and 's still quite a shock for ,\" said . \" was one occasion when had to get into a coach and was very disturbed by all . \" The school 's second master David Taylor said had spoken to police in Belgium and was \" going to be a long process \" to find out caused the crash , but said would still like trips to continue .", "Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice , where has been training since pre-season . \" would never say never ,\" the 32-year-old said of the possibility of signing for the Scottish Premiership club . \" If came to and were interested , would definitely consider . \" Daly spent six years at Tannadice and ended as club captain . \" am currently training at Dundee United ,\" told BBC Scotland . \" When pre-season came about and still had n't got a club , rang manager Jackie McNamara and asked if could go in . \" are a good club with some fantastic young players . \" would never say never , but United would need to want first . \" The United States appears to be a possible destination for Daly . \" am probably looking further afield than Scotland ,\" said . \" 'm looking abroad . \" At the moment , are a few clubs interested , but have full forum of allocated players so need to maybe lose one or two of before can move . \" is looking like January before the foreign market can come about , so might need to get something short term until then . \" Daly had no regrets about move to Rangers , helped the Ibrox side win Scotland 's third tier before dropping to the bench for much of last season in the Championship . \" was out of contract with Dundee United and at the time were only prepared to offer a one-year contract ,\" said . \" When spoke to Ally McCoist , were prepared to offer two years . \" A lot of people say are dropping down the divisions , is a fair point , but is going to a club of Rangers' stature , history , fan base , playing at Ibrox every second week and training at Murray Park every day . \" was just delighted to go to a club like that and play for a man really respected in Ally McCoist . \"", "The man - identified as a 30-year-old surnamed Pang - was held in the southern Guangxi region and brought back to the capital , Xinhua said . Pang made a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec , driving three times faster than the official limit . A video of feat in August soon became an internet sensation in China . In April , two men crashed a Ferrari and a Lamborghini as staged reports said was a \" real-life Fast and Furious \" race in the capital , referring to the film franchise . The drivers were later sentenced to five and four months in jail .", "said just 8 % of councils had built enough to replace half of stock sold through the scheme , allows council tenants to buy homes . The charity said was a danger of some areas having no affordable homes . The government said was committed to building 275,000 affordable new homes over the course of this parliament . Right to Buy was first introduced in the 1980s under Margaret Thatcher 's government and was given a boost in 2012 when discounts for tenants were increased to \u00c2 \u00a3 75,000 . In this year 's Queen 's speech the government announced the scheme was being extended to 1.3m housing association tenants in England . Shelter , looked at provisional figures from the Department for Communities and Local Government , said just two of the 166 councils in England listed as selling properties through Right to Buy had succeeded in replacing more than 100 % of the properties sold . Under existing policy , the government has promised that each home sold after 2012 would be replaced . The charity 's chief executive Campbell Robb warned the problem of not enough council homes being replaced was only likely to get worse , leaving some areas with no affordable homes . \" At this rate 'll soon be black-spots across the country where no-one on a normal income can afford to live ,\" said . 1. North Kesteven 187 % 2. New Forest 128 % 3. Waverley 89 % 4. Barking and Dagenham 88 % 5. Winchester 81 % 6. Ipswich 80 % 7. Tandridge 79 % 8. Castle Point 71 % 9. Hounslow 64 % 10. South Cambridgeshire 59 % The Local Government Association ( LGA ) , represents councils in England and Wales , said many council housing programmes were hampered by complex rules and restrictions on the use of receipts from sales of homes . LGA housing spokesman Peter Box said : \" is imperative that councils are given the powers to replace housing sold through Right to Buy quickly and effectively as part of the Spending Review . \" Councils need to be able to retain 100 % of receipts from sales while Right to Buy discounts should be set locally so reflect the cost of houses in the area . \" Mr Box said the LGA estimated this would allow councils to replace 50,000 homes sold over the lifetime of the next Parliament . The government said nearly 40,000 new homeowners had been created since increased discounts for council tenants in 2012 . A spokesman added : \" Councils are continuing to fulfil the requirement to deliver one for one replacements within three years , and over 3,000 replacement homes have already been delivered across England . \" have been absolutely clear that if councils do not deliver one for one replacements for the additional homes sold under Right to Buy the government will . \"", "If made law , the measure will put a 20 % ceiling on any foreign stakes in Russian media , including those held indirectly through Russian partners . Russia 's main media outlets are state-owned or controlled by loyal oligarchs . But top Putin ally Sergei Zheleznyak said Russia was facing \" an information war unleashed against the country \" . Russian TV news has accused the Ukrainian government of provoking clashes in eastern Ukraine through acts of aggression , including indiscriminate shelling of civilians . The Kiev government blames pro-Russian separatists for the violence , and says Russia has fomented by supplying soldiers and heavy weapons to the rebels . The media bill is to go before Duma ( lower house ) deputies on 23 September , Itar-Tass news agency reports . The restrictions would apply to magazines and internet publications as well as newspapers and broadcast media . The bill is highly likely to become law as was proposed by MPs usually support the pro-Kremlin group United Russia . BBC Monitoring reports that foreigners directly own stakes in some Russian mainstream media :", "The futures of Aston and Coventry stations were discussed by West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority . The authority , said needed buildings for a \" modern-day \" fire service , approved budget earlier . Plans to demolish Aston 's Ettington Road fire station , was built in 1923 , will go before planners . Phil Hales , deputy chief officer of West Midlands Fire Service , said Aston residents would be consulted as part of the planning process . The authority says that Coventry 's Radford Road station , was built in 1976 , is expensive to run and maintain . A new station at Aston could cost around \u00c2 \u00a3 7.5m , while the Coventry scheme could cost an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 6.7m . English Heritage has said expected to be consulted on the proposal to demolish Aston fire station if the plan was put forward . \" Aston fire station was listed at Grade II in 2010 and recognised as a carefully-designed building works well with surroundings and is a powerful symbol of civic pride ,\" a spokesperson said .", "A woman got out of the vehicle and an unknown man jumped in and took the car . Police said happened at Boucher Crescent in south Belfast at about 17:25 GMT . Members of the public managed to stop the car but the man fled on foot . A short time later a man in 30s was arrested and remains in custody . The two children were unharmed .", "The 31-year-old has joined the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season . Tubbs could be handed Eastleigh debut in the National League game at Kidderminster on Tuesday . Ex-Bournemouth striker Tubbs has scored five goals for League Two side Portsmouth this season but has not featured for Pompey since October .", "Administrators' reports suggest around \u00a3 7m of \u00a3 10.25m lent to Northampton Town by the local borough Council was passed to 1st Land Limited . A total of \u00a3 2.65m was then given to David Cardoza and father , Anthony . David Cardoza declined to comment , saying : \" 'm under confidentiality so ca n't speak . \" A report from March this year showed a dispute arose between the Cardozas and 1st Land , has since gone into administration , over the money . The Cardozas called a \" Joint Venture Fee \" - money paid to one party to help carry out a jointly-run project - but 1st Land said was a loan . is unclear has since happened to the money . The \u00a3 10.25m loan was originally paid to the League Two club for the redevelopment of the new East Stand at Sixfields Stadium , along with a hotel and conference centre - none of have been completed . Contractors Buckingham Group were appointed to carry out the works , with 1st Land appointed to oversee the development . When the company went into administration , owed Northampton Town \u00a3 7.3m and Buckingham Group more than \u00a3 2m . The Cardozas and fellow businessmen , Howard Grossman , son Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick , feature as directors of several firms with business links to 1st Land and a second company appointed to oversee the development - County Developments ( Northampton ) Limited or CDNL . Many of these companies have gone into liquidation . Howard Grossman is listed as the only director of 1st Land ; is owned by another Grossman firm , County Group . The administrators' report also lists payments of \u00a3 314,000 to Howard Grossman for salary ; \u00a3 1.475m to County Homes ( Herts ) Ltd and \u00a3 233,000 to County Cemetery Services Limited . The director of County Homes is also Howard Grossman . County Cemetery Services lists two current directors : Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . David Cardoza was a director of the company until August last year . has also gone into administration - but not before a sale agreement was made with a company called Centurion Infinity Limited ; directors are Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . After the collapse of 1st Land , CDNL took over the job of facilitating the Sixfields development . current directors are listed as David and Anthony Cardoza , while Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick resigned directorships in January . That company has now also entered liquidation . The club faces a winding-up petition , due to be heard on 16 November , from HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) .", "Mr Philippe , 48 , was arrested after appearing as a guest on a radio programme in Port-au-Prince last week . was flown to the US to face the long-standing charges . Dozens of supporters attended the hearing in Miami , demanding release . Mr Philippe was recently elected to country 's senate , \" are here to support Senator Guy Philippe . all feel like is innocent ,\" said Haitian Senator Evince Francois . \" are here to let know stand up behind . think this is all politics ,\" told the Associated Press news agency . Until last week , the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) listed Mr Philippe as a wanted man on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine and money laundering arrest , on 5 January , came days before was due to be sworn in as a senator , would have given some immunity from prosecution . Campaign group Human Rights Watch has accused of overseeing extra-judicial killings . Mr Philippe , Haiti 's former police chief , denies any wrongdoing . took part in the 2004 rebellion removed President Jean Bertrand Aristide from power . The new Haitian Senate , elected in November , was sworn in on Monday , with new president Jovenel Moise due to take office on 7 February . Haiti has been led by interim President Jocelerme Privert since February 2016 when Michel Martelly stepped down at the end of term .", "Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust has 285 full-time vacancies across three sites , cover Surrey and Berkshire . The high cost of living in the south of England is said to be a factor affecting recruitment . Each successful applicant will receive a maximum of \u00a3 1,340 in subsidies . Nurses will be offered accommodation at Wexham Park Hospital in Slough , Frimley Park near Camberley and Heatherwood Hospital in Ascot . Marko Novosil moved from Croatia to become a nurse at Wexham Park after hearing about the incentive . \" The crucial thing for coming here was the support . realised that when started would get the free accommodation helped settle in \" , said . Wexham Park Hospital matron Helen Noakes said : \" Rental prices are higher in this area , means people do struggle and the one thing can offer people is the free accommodation when start . \" Longer term would look to help find somewhere in the local area to live . \" Currently the average monthly rent for a one-bedroom property in Slough is \u00a3 897 , whereas the average for the same sort of property in Camberley is \u00a3 930 . The average cost for a room in both areas ranges from \u00a3 500 to \u00a3 550 .", "Those arrested include two builders , police officers and municipality officials . The apartment building came crashing down on Thursday . Correspondents say building collapses are common in India , with poor construction practices often blamed . In pictures : Mumbai building collapse is huge demand for housing , and corruption often leads to cost-cutting and a lack of safety inspections , correspondents say . Police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi said the builders were arrested for allegedly paying bribes to police and municipal officials to construct the building in the Mumbai suburb of Thane without any official sanction . Mr Raghuvanshi said on Sunday that the nine would be formally charged with culpable homicide and causing death by negligence , once the investigation into the accident had been completed . If convicted , face sentences of up to life in prison . Most of the victims of the Thane collapse were poor daily wage earners working at the site , and families . The dead included 30 children and 18 women . Building work had continued at the block even though four floors were already occupied . One police official told the BBC that the collapse appeared to have been caused by the use of substandard building material . Witnesses said the construction of the building started just six weeks ago , since when seven floors had been built . The eighth floor was under construction . In a similar collapse in 2010 , 69 people were killed in Delhi .", "The 22-year-old leaves first professional club Wigan Athletic after four years , having made 19 senior appearances . County boss Jim McIntyre described Chow as \" a box-to-box midfielder with great athleticism \" . \" came through Wigan 's academy system and has got great energy ,\" the manager added . The Dingwall side visit Hamilton Academical on Saturday , having won two of three Scottish Premiership matches so far . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "Fox has spent the last five years as chief commercial officer at Premier League rivals Arsenal and replaces Paul Faulkner , left Villa Park in July . \" was delighted and even flattered by Tom 's interest in the job ,\" said owner Randy Lerner , put the club up for sale in May but is yet to find a buyer . \" reputation as a leader and team builder makes , to mind , a great fit to take club forward . \" Fox had been with the Gunners since 2009 and brings more than 25 years' experience of sports marketing to Villa . \" Aston Villa has always been an important club in English football and has a long and rich history of success at the top of the game ,\" Fox said . \" The chance to help restore the club to rightful place in the Premier League is a challenge 'm really energised by and greatly looking forward to . \"", "Interest and participation has increased hugely in recent years across the country , according to the Outdoor Swimming Society . Eighty outdoor swims are being held over the 2015 season , with most taking place on Christmas or Boxing Day . Safety advice has been issued by the society for the first time . Spokesman Will Cairns said was expecting more people to take part this year in the sea , rivers and lidos . \" 's interesting this year is the temperature of the water . \" 's three to four degrees higher in certain places than was this time last year . Temperature does play a part . \" said overall membership numbers increased from 15,000 last year to 25,000 this year and that 40 % of members now actively swim throughout the winter . \" The Christmas swims very much appeal to the British psyche of doing something different , something slightly weird and wonderful ,\" said . - Do not take part if are pregnant , suffer from asthma or have a heart condition . - Get warm before the swim and remove warm clothing at the last minute . - Go in feet first , not head first , and control breathing before immersing shoulders . - Have low expectations of how long will be in for or how far will go - Dry off and put on layers within ten minutes of getting out Charlie Hoskin , 33 , from Cornwall , described as a \" granite-fleshed cold-water bathing enthusiast \" always swims in the sea at Christmas . \" The sensation is truly electrifying . is a great way to test constitution and boost immune system ,\" said . Daniel Fox has been photographing the Exmouth Christmas Day swim since 2007 . \" getting massively busy now and the atmosphere is amazing . Costumes are getting wilder and are more and more people taking part ,\" said . \" are about 1,000 swimmers , thousands of spectators and tens of thousands watch by webcam too so have a worldwide audience \" . Brian Thomas from the Serpentine Swimming Club in London said : \" have seen a huge growth in numbers over the past five years \" . said Christmas swimming race tradition began in 1864 and about 100 people usually take part after a strict vetting process . \" Swimming in a wetsuit is cheating \" said , although stressed that the club has \" strict guidelines \" making sure participants have acclimatised .", "The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) has stripped the three of gold medals , won in Beijing in 2008 . were among eight athletes sanctioned for doping - the latest to be caught under a retesting programme . The International Weightlifting Federation ( IWF ) last year ruled any nations with three or more positive tests would be banned for a year . The IOC is retesting hundreds of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games , using new techniques to uncover cheating went undetected at the time . Cao Lei , 33 , took gold in the women 's 75kg weightlifting event at Beijing , Chen Xiexia , 34 , won the women 's 48kg and Liu Chunhong , 31 , was successful in the women 's 69kg . All will now have to return medals . The failed retests were uncovered last year but the sanctions - announced by the IOC on Thursday - will clear the way for the IWF to act . The IWF issued new measures before last year 's Rio Olympics to crack down on doping in the sport . executive board decided \" national federations confirmed to have produced three or more anti-doping rule violations in the combined re-analysis process of the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games shall be suspended for one year \" . Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan , Russia and Belarus have already been banned by the IWF . The other five athletes to be sanctioned by the IOC are : \" The protection of clean athletes and the fight against doping are top priorities for the IOC ,\" a spokesperson said ,", "Research by The Local Data Company ( LDC ) and the University of Stirling found the average retail vacancy rate dropped from 14.5 % to 13.7 % . East Kilbride has the highest rate of all Scottish towns , at 33 % , while Inverurie has the lowest , at 1 % . The study found that 40 % of Scotland 's empty shops have remained vacant for more than three years . also suggested that town vacancy rates have improved at twice the rate of Scotland 's cities . The most improved towns were Anstruther , Clydebank , Dumfries , Inverkeithing , Lochgelly , Peterhead and Pitlochry . Five towns have maintained vacancy rates at less than 6 % for the last three years - Inverurie , Ellon , North Berwick , Dunbar and Biggar . At the other end of the scale , rates in five towns have remained above 22 % over the last three years - Banff , Dumbarton , Cumbernauld , East Kilbride and Ardrossan . Dundee had the highest proportion of persistent vacancy , at 11 % . Anstruther was found to have the highest proportion of independent shops ( 86 %) , while Gretna had the lowest ( 5 %) . Leisure is an increasingly significant presence in cities and towns , accounting for 39 % of total stock in Edinburgh and Glasgow . Leisure businesses also account for more than 30 % of shops in Renfrew , St Andrews , Lochgelly and Fort William . Aberdeen has the highest proportion of charity shops for a city , at 4.2 % , while Penicuik in Midlothian has the greatest proportion of charity shops for a town , at 8.9 % . Matthew Hopkinson , director at the Local Data Company , said : \" The report identifies important trends as well as quashes common perceptions that deprived towns ca n't succeed . \" Of particular significance is that in many Scottish towns almost 40 % of the vacant units have been vacant for more than three years . \" Such a stark figure implies obsolescence and a major barrier to healthy and sustainable places and communities . \" The study looked into the health of high streets in more than 100 cities and towns north of the border .", "Lufthansa lost an appeal to a Frankfurt labour court , but is making a further legal challenge could go late into Tuesday evening . The pilots' strike , called over a pay dispute , will affect around 100,000 passengers , Lufthansa said . The industrial action is part of a long-running pay dispute at Lufthansa . The pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit ( VC ) has organised 14 strikes since April 2014 . Short and medium-haul flights from Germany will be affected from 00:01 to 23:59 local time ( 23:01-22:59 GMT ) . Flights by Lufthansa 's other airlines including Eurowings , Swiss , Austrian Airlines , Air Dolomiti and Brussels Airlines are not affected by the strike , the airline said . Pay talks between the Vereinigung union and the German airline broke down earlier this month , and Lufthansa said the union had \" consistently rejected the offer \" of mediation . The union is calling for a 3.7 % pay rise for 5,400 pilots dating back to 2012 . Lufthansa , is facing increasing competition from budget rivals , offered a 2.5 % increase over the six years until 2019 . Meanwhile , a separate dispute with cabin crew at Lufthansa 's low-cost subsidiary , Eurowings , led to cancel more than 60 flights on Tuesday .", "The leak happened at the Worthy Farm site in Somerset in June 2014 and damaged water quality and killed fish . Founder Michael Eavis , was at Yeovil Magistrates' Court , said the sewage was in a \u00a3 100,000 slurry tank . The Glastonbury Festival is one of the UK 's biggest music events , with some 175,000 people attending each year . During the hearing , the judge was told that 42 fish were killed by the sewage after a \" large quantity \" of sewage filtered into Whitelake River . Sensors in the stream alerted the Environment Agency to increased ammonia levels . The court was told fish - including protected brown trout - died as a result . Glastonbury Festival 2014 admitted the single charge against . Prosecuting , Kieran Martyn said : \" The impact was extensive ... extended for at least 4km downstream . \" Representing the festival , Kerry Gwyther , said the leak in the tank was a \" freak incident \" and not as serious as was being made out . \" do n't accept that was a major incident as described by the agency ,\" said . \" The leak period was eight hours . do accept that was a significant effect on water quality and the fish health . \" Significant costs were not incurred in terms of a clean up . \" The case has now been adjourned while both parties put together more detailed background reports . Outside court Michael Eavis said : \" Of course , 'm exceedingly sorry for 's happened . \" had a problem obviously - were 200,000 people and were storing slurry . \" was a tank for holding farm slurry , but on this occasion were using for the festival sewage and was starting to leak . \" was a brand new build , cost \u00a3 100,000 , so that 's defence . \" Another issue yet to be decided is the seriousness of the breach . If is a category one offence , the festival would be in line for a fine of between \u00a3 55,000 to \u00a3 300,000 or , if is deemed a category two the fine would be \u00a3 20,000 . The defence team told the court any fine should be in line with the company 's finances . said the festival 's net profit was \u00a3 84,000 a year before tax . But the prosecution said turnover was about \u00a3 37m . Mr Gwyther said the site donated \u00a3 2m in 2015 to a number of charities , including the Somerset Wildlife Trust and WaterAid . District Judge David Taylor said was \" significant differences between one account to another \" and said would be a four-day hearing to decide the facts before sentencing . Kasabian , Dolly Parton and Metallica headlined the festival in 2014 .", "Spaniard Valdes , 34 , has made eight appearances for Liege since joining in January , helping win the Belgian Cup final in March , but is currently injured . In a statement , Liege said had decided to play younger players for the rest of the season . Valdes' current contract with United will expire this summer . Former Barcelona player Valdes clashed with United manager Louis van Gaal in July before a proposed move to Turkish club Besiktas collapsed the following month . Never want to miss the latest Man Utd news ? can now add United and all the other sports and teams follow to personalised Sport home .", "The shadow education secretary wants the GCSE system updated to include academic and vocational subjects . In a motion in the House of Commons , will call for a \" new political consensus \" on education policy . \" have a long-standing mismatch between the education system and the labour market ,\" says Mr Hunt . Mr Hunt is understood to want a more \" constructive \" approach to opposition after Labour 's general election defeat . The motion in the House of Commons will emphasise the common goals of wanting to improve education to drive economic growth and calls on the government to create a cross-party review \" to cover exams , educational institutions and curriculum \" . Mr Hunt wants to build a political consensus on moving away from the current GCSE system , argues needs to be overhauled when the leaving age has risen to 18 and these are no longer the final school-leaving exams . The shadow education secretary wants a broader baccalaureate system incorporating both vocational and academic exams . But such a change would need to be introduced over a longer period than the next Parliament - and Mr Hunt 's move is an attempt to \" begin a conversation \" . Mr Hunt says that the exams system is no longer delivering the skills needed for the labour market . \" need a new political consensus to put right . That is why am calling on the government to initiate a cross-party review of 14-19 education in this country . \" should leave nothing off the table . only goal should be establishing consensus on the changes needed in 14-19 education system to secure for country the long-term economic growth and productivity need to succeed . \" Education Secretary Nicky Morgan promised during the election campaign would be no more \" constant upheaval or constant change \" in the next five years . The major changes to the exam system and curriculum , announced in the previous coalition government , will be implemented during the next Parliament . These include phasing in a more \" rigorous \" set of GCSEs and A-levels , with less coursework and modules and a greater emphasis on exams at the end of two years . On Tuesday , the education secretary announced that the revised grading system for GCSEs would have a tougher pass mark than at present .", "Caterpillar is the world 's largest manufacturer of heavy construction equipment . The firm has operations in Larne , Newtownabbey and west Belfast . Caterpillar 's Northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and mainly makes diesel generators . The firm has been hit by a global downturn in mining and oil exploration has reduced demand for products . is understood that the company may announce cuts across global operations beyond Northern Ireland . has already axed thousands of jobs worldwide since last year as part of a major restructuring programme . Since 2011 has shed more than 1,000 posts in Northern Ireland and moved some work to factories in China . is understood night-shifts have been cancelled , with staff told to expect official news on Thursday . Caterpillar refused to comment on any jobs announcement yesterday . But a spokesman added : \" Caterpillar is committed to communicating regularly and directly with employees about the business environment and any resulting changes \" . Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in MP for West Belfast Paul Maskey said yesterday : \" Uncertainty over the future of Caterpillar 's operations in the north will be no doubt distressing for workers and families . \" \" is vitally important that management keep all employees up to date with the latest information as soon as possible ,\" added . The American company bought FG Wilson in 1999 . have been significant manufacturing job losses in Northern Ireland over the past year , including Michelin , JTI Gallahers and Bombardier .", "An IoD report , Ultrafast Britain , says the UK is lagging behind many European nations when installing fibre optic cables enable the fastest broadband connections . is calling for faster broadband access for homes and business . A government spokesperson said most UK homes can get \" superfast \" broadband . \" Almost nine out of ten UK properties has access to superfast speeds and 95 % of the UK will be reached by 2017 ,\" a spokesperson for the Department for Culture , Media and Sport told the BBC . But the IoD believes the target should be higher and is calling for speeds of 10 gigabits per second ( Gbps ) by 2030 , 1,000 times faster than the current official aim of 10 megabits per second ( Mbps ) by 2020 . \" Now is the time to set a bold new target for genuinely world-beating broadband ,\" said Dan Lewis , senior advisor on Infrastructure Policy at the IoD , and author of the report . \" have the leading internet economy in the G20 , and yet download speeds are mediocre and the coverage of fibre optic cable is woeful . \" added : \" Unfortunately , the Government 's current target displays a distinct poverty of ambition . \" Mr Lewis said the government needed to look at how the UK could provide the physical infrastructure needed to maintain a position \" at the forefront of digital innovation in business \" . IoD members interviewed for the report said that better broadband speeds could increase company 's productivity , make more competitive , and enable to offer more flexible working to staff . The IoD report comes just days after communications watchdog Ofcom said BT must open up cable network and allow competition to improve UK internet connections . Ofcom also said was a digital divide in the UK between those with the latest technologies , and those without . has proposed that decent , affordable broadband should be a universal right . Rivals had called for a split between BT and Openreach operation , runs cables , fibre and network infrastructure . Companies such as Sky , Vodafone and TalkTalk , pay to use the network , had claimed that BT underinvested in Openreach , leading to a poor service with interruptions and slow speeds .", "Fire , police and coastguard teams were called to Butley Creek near Orford , Suffolk , on Wednesday by a member of the public had seen the supine figure of a man lying in the water . The \" body \" turned out to be a work of art called A Thousand Tides , has been at the site for more than a year . A Suffolk Police spokesman described the work as \" quite realistic \" . Read more Suffolk stories here The sculpture , by artist Laurence Edwards , was designed to only be seen at low tide and was intended to sink eventually . However , Mr Edwards said had \" stayed on the surface longer than should \" . said : \" 've always been a bit worried that a helicopter would spot and want to rescue . \" To convince someone 's a real person is a great achievement , although would like to apologise to the poor person called in . \" The sculpture was a parting gift to the area from Mr Edwards , had a studio and foundry works nearby for 15 years until spring 2016 before moving to Halesworth . Mr Edwards' website says work \" attempts to do justice to the locality and history , by peopling with large figures have survived the ravages of the water and the elements . \" Suffolk Police confirmed attended Butley Creek , saying : \" Police received a call from a member of the public reporting believed to be a body in the river . \" The fire service and coastguard were also called to assist , but a short while later this was actually confirmed to be a sculpture . \" A Thousand Tides is reminiscent of Antony Gormley 's Another Place installation on Crosby beach in Merseyside , depicts 100 bronze figures looking out over the Irish Sea .", "Adrian Simut , 35 , travelled to Newport train station , where thought was meeting a 14-year-old girl called Sam . But was confronted by so-called \" paedophile hunters \" and later arrested , Newport Crown Court was told . admitted attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity and meeting a child after online grooming . also pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to attempting to cause a child to watch a sexual act . The court heard Simut started messaging the teenager in an online chat room in June , saying looked \" cute and beautiful \" . But was in fact an adult belonging to a group called Petronus . The operation was captured on film by the BBC Wales Week In Week Out programme , investigated the role of paedophile hunters in Wales . The court heard that Romanian national Simut arranged to meet \" Sam \" in Newport and suggested bring a friend for sexual activity . Sentencing , Judge Michael Fitton QC said : \" were the subject of an exchange conducted by those are looking to attract paedophiles . \" was also made the subject of an indefinite sexual harm prevention order . Paedophile hunting groups have drawn criticism from both the Home Office and police , have said was inappropriate for the public to conduct undercover work . have urged anyone with information to instead pass to instead .", "Shepherd Murombedzi caught the hosts cold to play in Harry White and the former Barnsley forward made no mistake to fire Solihull in front after nine minutes . White could have made comfortable for Solihull just before the break , but was unable to hit the target after George Carline 's neat flick put through . Bromley were left frustrated as Brandon Hanlan and Mark Goldberg squandered decent chances . And Solihull were left clinging on when debutant Daniel Udoh picked up two yellow cards to be sent off with five minutes remaining - just eight minutes after coming off the bench . Report supplied by the Press Association Match ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Second Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Joe Anderson ( Bromley ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . Jack Byrne ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . Liam Daly ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . Substitution , Bromley . Bradley Goldberg replaces Blair Turgott . Oladapo Afolayan ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . Substitution , Bromley . Jordan Wynter replaces Lee Minshull . George Carline ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . Jordan Higgs ( Bromley ) is shown the yellow card . Substitution , Solihull Moors . Oladapo Afolayan replaces Regan Charles-Cook . Substitution , Bromley . Louis Dennis replaces Connor Dymond . Second Half begins Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . First Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Goal ! Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Harry White ( Solihull Moors ) . First Half begins . Lineups are announced and players are warming up .", "The ex-Cabinet Minister lost Yeovil seat in May 's general election after 14 years as the constituency member . Mr Laws , 49 , will serve as executive chairman of Centre Forum but is still considering various job opportunities two months on from defeat . described as not suited to \" navel gazing and endless holidays \" . In first full interview since the election , the former Minster for the Cabinet Office , Minister for Schools and Chief Secretary to the Treasury described dismay at the \" tsunami sweeping away lots of Lib Dem MPs \" on 8 May . \" was extremely disappointed and upset for people like staff 've worked in office for years and years . was very sorry on behalf ,\" said . \" suppose [ the scale of the defeat ] meant that did n't feel quite as personal\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 when see all of colleagues being knocked over like ninepins then feels something 's much more difficult to do anything about . \" But the disappointment was clear to see as the former investment banker shunned the media scrum and left the count with barely a word to reporters . Having been integral to the negotiations led to the formation of the coalition government in 2010 , had been \" hoping and expecting \" to do the same again . Instead , went home to sleep . new job for Centre Forum , a liberal policy think-tank , will take up two days a week but hopes to have a full-time plan by the end of the summer . \" 've already got one role as chairman 'm very pleased about as will allow to take forward interest in education and education policy , and 've been talking to other people about other work may do next ,\" said . But that plan will not include standing for election again . \" 'd already got the view that serving four terms in parliament , had been re-elected in May this year , would have been about the right amount of time to do ,\" said . \" do n't think that MPs should go on forever and think 's not therefore likely that would stand again as a member of parliament . \" Despite the loss of the Yeovil seat to the Conservatives , remains optimistic of the seat being recaptured by party . \" In areas like Yeovil where have had big and strong base at the local government level and a national presence for many years would think that 's every chance can win back the Yeovil constituency at the next general election in 2020 and 'll do everything can to support new candidate to become the next MP . \"", "One skeleton was found earlier this week , but now nine graves have been uncovered . The remains are in the process of being exhumed from underneath the area previously used as the venue 's mini conference room . are thought to be from a Quaker burial ground existed before the Royal Pavilion Estate was built . Alan Robins , chair of Brighton and Hove City Council 's tourism , development and culture committee said : \" The remains are now being carefully exhumed and will be examined to determine more about the deceased before being re-buried or cremated . \" added the Royal Pavilion Estate site had \" so many strong historic links \" and the find is \" another important addition to the city 's rich cultural story \" . Darryl Palmer of Archaeology South-East , is managing the dig on site , said : \" This is a significant find shines a light on an important historical moment in the city . The Quaker meeting house and cemetery at the Dome is recorded on the Bishop 's map of 1803 and absent by the OS town plan of 1876 . \" The best clue as to when worship and burial ceased is when the Quaker meeting house moved to the current location on Meeting House Lane in 1805 . \" A spokesperson for Brighton Quakers said were \" excited \" with the news \" have known for a long time about the burial ground being used from 1700 to 1805 but did not know that any Quakers were left buried there . \" The work at the Corn Exchange is part of a project to restore the Royal Pavilion Estate buildings and gardens . is expected to finish by the end of 2018 .", "Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy , Bae Cinmel , am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth . Dywedodd Heddlu Gogledd Cymru fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd . Mae chwech o griwiau t\u00e2n o'r Rhyl , Prestatyn , Bae Colwyn ac Abergele yn bresennol . Mewn datganiad dywedodd Gwasanaeth T\u00e2n ac Achub Gogledd Cymru : \" Ry'n ni'n gofyn i'r cyhoedd osgoi'r ardal os oedd modd . \" Mae nifer o adeiladau yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle . \" Mae disgwyl i'r gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa . \"", "Homeowners hit by the flooding in December can apply for up to \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 from the government 's Future Flood Prevention Funding scheme . Figures seen by the BBC show that only 13 people have applied for the money . Rachael Maskell , Labour MP for York Central , said had received complaints about accessing the fund . \" The form filling is incredibly complicated and that 's where people have been struggling ,\" said . \" 's putting off a lot on people . \" Hundreds of homes and businesses were flooded in the city after the Rivers Foss and Ouse burst banks . The scheme is administered by City of York Council and requires a survey to be carried out on the flooded property before funding can be applied for . The council said that 360 private homes were eligible for the grant . The authority added : \" very much welcome grant applications but know that this can take time while people wait for quotes and loss adjustor reports . \" 're appointing a case worker to help residents and businesses through the application process . \"", "Sarah Johnson was one of 21 women heading to Liverpool when minibus was hit by a lorry on the M62 . friend Bethany Jones , 18 , was killed while Ms Johnson and several others were badly hurt . Minibus driver James Johnson was jailed for more than six years for causing Bethany 's death , in April 2013 . Ms Johnson , broke shoulder , back and pelvis , said the help received from a charity while in hospital led to want to support others . Speaking publicly for the first time about the crash , Ms Johnson described how everyone was \" excited and giddy \" for the hen party . \" To the impact was just a massive explosion ,\" said . \" thought the bus had blown up . \" remember the bus dropping on side . The next thing , woke up on the roadside so 'd actually come out of the window . \" Ms Johnson was taken to Leeds General Infirmary where , along with Bethany 's sister Amy Firth , underwent major surgery and spent time in intensive care . Whilst was there got support from charity Day One , helps victims of major trauma . said : \" 's absolutely fantastic . \" supports people by giving benefit advice , legal advice and peer support such as and Amy , have been in similar situations and are now helping other people 've suffered from major trauma . \" Ms Johnson said the crash had made realise how lucky had been . \" Beth ca n't complain , 's not here ,\" added . \" just have to be grateful for 've got . \"", "The detentions come less than a week before a visit to Cuba by Pope Francis . Most of the activists were members of the predominantly Catholic dissident group , Ladies in White . walked through the streets of Havana holding up pictures of political prisoners , before were rounded up by police . According to Cuba 's main dissident website , 14yMedio , members of Ladies in White and activists from other opposition groups were handcuffed and pushed into police cars and buses on Sunday afternoon . A number of were released hours later , said . Cuba says the protesters are financed by right-wing American groups to destabilise the government . Cuban dissidents are planning to protest during the Pope 's visit to the island , begins on Saturday . have accused the Cuban Catholic Church of becoming too cosy with the government of Raul Castro and failing to speak out against human rights abuses . \" The Church should be concerned about this or any time human rights are involved . 's duty ,\" said Jose Daniel Ferrer , head of leading dissident group Patriotic Union of Cuba . told the Reuters news agency was handcuffed and taken to a police station after Sunday 's protest . Police later dropped off at a bus terminal , said . The Cuban Catholic Church says defends the respect of human rights but cannot take up individual political causes . Pope Francis played a key role in facilitating the historic negotiations between Cuba and the United States , led to diplomatic relations being restored after more than five decades of hostilities . Senior Cuban and American officials met in secrets for months at the Vatican before Presidents Barack Obama and Raul Castro surprised the world last December by announcing had agreed to mend relations .", "Just over 46,000 vehicles were registered north of the border - a year-on-year increase of more than 2.7 % . However , UK sales increased by 5.3 % to almost 519,000 - the strongest month recorded since 1999 . March is typically the biggest month , accounting for about a fifth of the year 's car registrations . Last month saw Vauxhall retain position as market leader in Scotland , with more than 10,000 units sold . The Vauxhall Corsa remained the most popular new car , while the Ford Fiesta had a strong month and moved into the number two spot for the year to date . The figures were compiled by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders . Top Scottish sellers in March 1. Vauxhall Corsa 2,575 2. Ford Fiesta 1,772 3. Vauxhall Astra 1,249 4. Ford Focus 1,126 5. Volkswagen Polo 1,077 Source : SMMT Scottish Motor Trade Association chief executive Sandy Burgess said : \" All areas have experienced growth with the exception of Dumfries and Galloway and Strathclyde . \" The reductions however are minimal and with the fantastic growth on 2015 numbers elsewhere , have come out of this critical sales period well ahead for the year to date . \" have been aware of some dealers were experiencing new vehicle delivery issues towards the end of the month , and this may well have had a small but noticeable negative effect . \" The rest of the UK continues to show stronger growth but as have mentioned previously this may not all be down to sales with specific manufacturers and dealers taking tactical decisions on registrations . \"", "Six incidents have been reported to police between 3 and 13 February . In all the cases , two or three men have targeted foreign national tourists in an attempt to steal money - succeeding on two occasions . The men , are described as southern European , claimed to be police officers before demanding to search the victims . Police Scotland said the first incident took place at about 13:20 on 3 February in the Grassmarket , when a Chilean man was approached by a man asked to take photograph . The pair were then approached by two suspects claimed to be police officers and then demanded to search . The two police impersonators then got into a silver or grey Seat hatchback and drove away and the other man walked into the Grassmarket . Officers said the Chilean man later realised a three-figure sum of money had been stolen from . On 13 February , two Chinese tourists lost a four-figure sum of cash when were targeted in a similar scam on Market Street . were approached by two men showed ID and said were undercover police officers . Other incidents happened in Chambers Street , Castle Street , and in the Calton Hill area . was one incident on 3 February , one on 11 February and four on 13 February . Sgt Mark Hamilton , of Police Scotland , said : \" These men are purposely targeting tourists are visiting the city centre in a bid to steal money from . \" Impersonating a police officer is not only inappropriate , is illegal . would advise that if are stopped by someone claiming to be a Police Scotland officer , request collar number and ask to see a warrant card . \" All officers are happy to provide this information to the public and should be offered readily . \"", "\" CETA is done and will not reopen ,\" said EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom . Ms Malmstrom was speaking as EU trade ministers met in Slovakia to discuss CETA and a similar deal with the US , TTIP , has also faced criticism . A draft CETA deal has been agreed , but parliaments could still delay . Thousands of activists protested against CETA and TTIP in Germany on Saturday and thousands more in Brussels - outside the EU 's headquarters - on Tuesday . Activists fear that the deals could water down European standards in the key areas of workers' rights , public health and the environment . is also great anxiety about proposed special courts where investors will be able to sue governments if feel that legislation hurts business unfairly . Critics say the mere existence of such courts - an alternative to national courts - will have a \" chilling \" effect on policymakers , leading to slacker regulation on the environment and welfare . Would CETA be a good model for the UK ? European Parliament briefing on CETA TTIP : The EU-US trade deal explained Are US-Europe TTIP trade talks tanking ? Ms Malmstrom said CETA would dominate Friday 's meeting in Bratislava . The Commission hopes the deal can be signed with Canada at the end of October , so that can then go to the European Parliament for ratification . But will also need to be ratified by national parliaments across the EU . \" are discussing with the Canadians is if should make some clarifications , a declaration so that can cover some of those concerns ,\" Ms Malmstrom said . acknowledged fears in some countries that politicians might see \" the right to regulate \" diluted . \" Maybe that [ right ] needs to be even clearer in a declaration ,\" said , admitting that the CETA negotiations were still \" difficult \" . Karoline Graswander-Hainz , an Austrian Socialist MEP , said the EU 's top court - the European Court of Justice - must first examine the proposed Investment Court System ( ICS ) to check legality . CETA holds \" great risks \" for Europe , warned , adding that some of fellow MEPs thought likewise . German Vice-Chancellor and Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel called CETA \" a model for future deals \" . But was pessimistic about TTIP . \" The Americans were not prepared to make Europe offers Canada made , and so will definitely not be a [ TTIP ] deal this year ,\" said . Supporters of CETA and TTIP say such deals could set global trade standards , warning that failure could mean China setting the standards . CETA and TTIP promise to remove tariffs and non-tariff barriers , boosting growth on both sides of the Atlantic , free trade advocates say .", "Media playback is unsupported on device 21 October 2014 Last updated at 21:36 BST Steven Ward made 24 galleons from chocolate , with Maltesers doubling up as replica cannon balls . The creations will mark the 209th anniversary of the battle during the Napoleonic Wars . The ships will be paraded through the dining hall of HMS Nelson in Portsmouth at the Trafalgar Day dinner .", "Patrick Ewing , 66 , collapsed at home in Oakham , Rutland , and was given resuscitation by partner , Yvonne Ainsworth . Paramedics used a defibrillator to shock Mr Ewing to restore normal heart rhythm for almost an hour . East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) said only about 8 % of patients survived a cardiac arrest outside hospital . Andy Swinburn , of EMAS , said : \" Patrick 's case is extremely rare . heart muscle was very unstable , lead to a repeated cardiac arrest meaning the crew had to shock 17 times . \" Mr Ewing said : \" 's an astonishing thing to tip over the edge and be hauled back again . \" did for might of just been part of day job but worked so hard to keep going . will forever be grateful . \"", "The 23 year-old stroked the GB boat to a fast start and were ahead after 500m but European champions , Romania and New Zealand proved too strong . The Romanians came out on top , with the British eight comfortably holding off the challenge from the Netherlands The GB eight now prepare for the World Championships in Sarasota in September . was no medal success for Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon in the women 's quadruple sculls . Nixon and GB team mates Bethany Bryan , Alice Baatz and Mathilda Hodgkins-Byrne , were always off the pace and finished fifth in a race won by Poland .", "Eight-year-old Garfield , makes the trip to Sainsbury 's in Ely in Cambridgeshire on a daily basis , has own Facebook page created by fans . Owner David Willers posted a message asking shoppers to lay off the treats as a vet found Garfield , weighs 6.6kg ( one stone ) , was overweight . \" Everyone loves ,\" Mr Willers said . \" The other day when was cold and stayed indoors , a member of Sainsbury 's staff messaged to ask where was , was very sweet . \" brings more customers into the shop - people tell go and shop there just to see . \" Garfield 's Facebook page was set up last summer by a couple had spotted in the shop , and is now run by Mr Willers . \" worry about crossing the road , but do n't really get any negative comments about habits ,\" said . \" live about a four-minute walk away from Sainsbury 's but Garfield knows all the shortcuts so can get there quicker than that . \"", "Evans gave the Bantams the lead with style early on as curled home from 20 yards into the bottom corner . The Shripmers fought back and Ryan Leonard forced Bradford goalkeeper Ben Williams into a fine save with a fierce effort from long-range . The hosts almost restored parity when Tyrone Barnett volleyed against the crossbar but Bradford held on .", "Solly Msimanga , from the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , said the vehicles would instead be given to a police anti-hijack unit . However , will continue to use the luxury car used by the previous mayor . The DA took control of Tshwane , a metropolitan area including the capital Pretoria , from the African National Congress ( ANC ) in local elections . Mr Msimanga said no more luxury cars would be bought under leadership . took over from the governing ANC , lost control of the capital for the first time since 1994 , last month . More on this and other African stories Four things from South Africa election The ANC bought 10 new BMW 3 series vehicles , are yet to be delivered , for 5 million rand ($ 356,000 ; \u00a3 266,000 ) , local reports say . The cars were meant for members of the mayoral council , with the ANC said to be confident would retain control of the municipality in the elections . will still use a BMW 5 series car inherited from the previous mayor , reports the IOL website . Mr Msimanga 's spokesman Matthew Gerstner told the BBC that this vehicle could not \" be dispensed with because 's been bought and paid for already and treasury regulations prohibit that \" . added : \" But , as soon as can replace , will , with a sensible , low-cost vehicle \" . Mr Msimango says the DA-led coalition government wanted to embark on cost-cutting measures . said in a statement : \" No new luxury cars will be bought or leased for politicians \u201a and if vehicles currently owned by Tshwane require replacement \u201a sensible and low-cost vehicles will be procured . \" will not allow public money to be spent on luxury cars \u201a while people struggle for services \u201a houses and jobs . \" A Hyundai i20 or Toyota Corolla can do the same job for a politician as an expensive sedan . \" The ANC national government has been criticised for wasteful expenditure , so South Africans will be closely watching the opposition do differently in the key urban areas won in the August elections , says the BBC 's Pumza Fihlani in Johannesburg . South Africans will be keen to see if the opposition , has until now only run one province , will be able to make good on ambitious election promises , correspondent says .", "The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday . had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme . But Unite regional officer Steve Harley said : \" had productive talks and were given guarantees that all current agreements will be honoured . \" Unite said understood that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed in 2004 and that members presently have an alternative pension scheme is unaffected the takeover . The Boparan Private Office , the \" chicken king \" Mr Boparan 's private investment , confirmed that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews would continue under the new ownership . Mr Harley met with representatives from Boparan at the Great Witchingham headquarters . said : \" was made clear that the new owner wishes to restore Bernard Matthews to former position as a highly profitable business . \" This would be achieved by greater investment in the business , cost savings and utilising the present spare capacity at Bernard Matthews to process chicken and not just turkeys . \"", "The man , named by state media as Ji Zhongxing , 34 , from central Shandong province , was injured and taken to hospital . No-one else was hurt in the blast , filled part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke . An online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at ill-treatment by Chinese police . The blog suggests lower body was paralyzed after was alleged to have been heavily beaten by security agents in southern China in 2005 . Mr Ji , is alleged to have been operating an unlicensed motorbike taxi service , was also apparently dissatisfied with the way complaints against the authorities had been dealt with . State news agency Xinhua said detonated the device - a package of gunpowder taken from fireworks - after being prevented from distributing leaflets . Photos posted on China 's Weibo microblogging site showed a dark-haired man waving a white package in the air before the explosion . Later images from the airport showed the wheelchair on side with officials treating on the floor . Smoke drifted through the terminal after the blast , occurred shortly before 18:30 ( 10:30 GMT ) near one of the arrival gates . Xinhua showed several medical workers providing emergency treatment , with police officers also at the scene . Officials say order has been restored at the airport and is no disruption to flights .", "The tanker hit the central reservation halfway between junction 32 for Coryton and junction 33 , Cardiff West , at about 17:45 GMT on Monday . The westbound carriageway was closed from junction 30 , Cardiff Gate , and one lane was also closed eastbound . One person has been taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant . condition was not known . The Welsh Ambulance Service said other people involved in the crash were not injured . were long queues in both directions following the crash , but traffic has since eased . Diversions remain in place . South Wales Police advised motorists to avoid the area for the rest of the night . The Welsh Ambulance Service sent two rapid response vehicles , one ambulance and a doctor but an air ambulance could not be sent due to the weather conditions . Two fire engines and one rescue tender from South Wales Fire and Rescue Service remained at the scene late on Monday evening to assist police . Check if this is affecting journey", "The facility , based on the town 's Crichton estate , is due to open in the next 12 months . The centre will be used primarily to research ways to improve responses to weather-related emergencies such as flooding . A report to the council 's policy and resources committee will give a full update on progress to date . Initially the facility will have up to six staff . Last month , the Scottish government gave assurances that plans to develop the centre remained on track . followed concerns from Dumfriesshire Labour MSP Elaine Murray about the pace of progress on the project , since was first announced in August last year . A report to the council says is essential the renewed impetus is maintained . To that end working groups are being set up , and council and government officials are exploring the best location and office arrangements for the centre .", "The Windsor attraction has been busy during half term . One visitor told the BBC family queued for more than two hours as tried to leave the park . Legoland said had spent more than \u00c2 \u00a3 10,000 in the last year developing alternative entrance and exit routes . Windsor and Maidenhead Borough Council said road signs had been altered recently to prevent traffic travelling through the centre of Windsor . \" The problem is Legoland is very popular ,\" said councillor Colin Rayner , cabinet member for transport . \" 'll be working very closely with the park to ensure the system 've developed is working . want to support as does bring a lot of employment and business to the area . \" Ian Calkin , from Croydon , took two children to the park on Wednesday . \" left at 6pm when the park closed and were ready to go 10 minutes later ,\" said . \" But , did n't get through the car park barriers to scan exit pass until well after eight o'clock . \" was then another 30 minutes before hit the main roads . \" Legoland said had worked incredibly hard with the council over recent years on traffic management and would continue to do so . \" understand a delayed exit from the car park would be frustrating ,\" a spokesman said . \" have employed a number of additional staff to help and provided guests with instructions to turn right out of the park to utilise the new routes . \"", "Acorn Park Care Home in East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire , was warned must make a \" significant improvement \" . If not , could face having registration cancelled . The privately-run home was served with a formal improvement notice by the Care Inspectorate and given until next month to make changes . Seven areas of concern were listed after an inspection , with nutrition and hydration , personal plans for service users , environmental safety , staffing and administration of drugs all being criticised . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" Everyone in Scotland has the right to safe , compassionate care meets needs and respects rights . \" Where have concerns , do not hesitate to take action . \" first priority is always the safety and well-being of residents and this improvement notice sets out expect the service to do to ensure that the care provided to residents improves . \" will be inspecting this service again soon to ensure that progress is being made . \" An Acorn Park spokesman said : \" are working hard with the Care Inspectorate to meet requirements within the timescales set . \"", "Thieves broke into the house in Intake , Doncaster on Thursday , a week after Paris Mulholland 's 11th birthday . In the letter , tells the burglars \" how much hurt \" , that cries for two hours each night , and had made \" scared of the dark again \" . Paris wrote the letter after speaking to BBC Radio Sheffield . More on this and other stories from BBC South Yorkshire Gemma Mulholland said the letter helped daughter tell the thieves \" how feels , and how 's affected . \" said : \" really am super proud of . \" Paris' new iPhone , a laptop got for Christmas , and birthday money was taken from bedroom , as well as grandmother 's gold watch . Cash , jewellery and other items were taken in the robbery , along with Paris' and younger brother Thomas' belongings . Ms Mulholland said Paris was too upset to sleep in bedroom after seeing ransacked . Lego models were broken and photos taken on Paris' phone during a recent trip to Disneyland may have been lost forever . Paris wrote : \" To burgler [ sic ] . hope are happy with , can no longer sleep in own bed [...] \" Why could not have left when saw to [ sic ] picture of a happy family and when saw birthday card , but anyway thank for scaring so much cry 2 hours straight nearly every night . \" Ms Mulholland called the thieves \" despicable human beings \" but said the community had rallied round . PC Adam Watkinson of South Yorkshire Police said : \" Burglary is a highly intrusive crime can have a huge impact on the victim . In this case , a young girl has been left feeling scared and upset after home was broken into . \" would like to reassure Paris and mum that are doing everything can to find the person responsible for this incident . \" is totally unacceptable that someone should feel scared in own home and lose valuable possessions . \"", "The 16-year-old boy was arrested at home in the borough of Lewisham on suspicion of affray at intu Bromley . was treated in hospital for a minor wound before being taken into custody . A second 16-year-old boy arrested at the scene on Saturday on suspicion of affray and possession of a weapon remains in custody . Scotland Yard originally said the first person arrested had suffered a minor head injury during the incident and \" was believed to be in 20s \" . The force later issued another statement putting age at 16 . \" At this stage officers believe sustained the injury as a result of an altercation between a number of youths ,\" added . Police , were called at 15:45 GMT on Saturday to reports of an injured youth , say recovered two knives . A photograph taken by a member of the public appeared to show that a machete had been found . Video filmed at the scene also appeared to show shoppers fleeing in panic .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Drogba , 39 , has not played since leaving Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact in November . will start out as a player but has also joined Phoenix 's \" MLS expansion franchise ownership group \" . \" To own a team and be a player at the same time is unusual but 's going to be very exciting ,\" Drogba said . \" 's a good transition because want to carry on playing but 'm almost 40 and 's important for to prepare for later career . \" Phoenix have just started fourth season in the Western Conference of USL , forms part of the second tier of the American league system . The Arizona club hope to become one of four planned expansion teams in MLS over the next three years . \" had offers from China , from England - in both the Premier League and even the Championship - but were only as a player ,\" Drogba told The Premier League Show . \" This was the right offer because was important for to think about playing , because enjoy , but also to get to the next stage of career . \" Drogba scored 157 goals in 341 appearances during first spell at Chelsea from 2004 to 2012 , winning three Premier League titles and the Champions League . Following moves to Shanghai Shenhua in China and Turkish side Galatasaray , Drogba returned to the Blues for the 2014-15 season , scoring seven goals in 40 appearances , helping Jose Mourinho 's side to the title , before 18 months with Montreal . joins former Chelsea team-mate Shaun Wright-Phillips at Phoenix , have one win and two defeats from three games this season . \" 'm still a player but 's important to respect the decision of the manager ,\" added Drogba , is Ivory Coast 's record goalscorer . \" When 're on the pitch , 's going to be the one decides and when go to board meetings , 's a different thing . \" Watch the full interview with Didier Drogba in The Premier League show on BBC Two on Thursday , 13 April ( 22:00 BST ) .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Ennis-Hill , 30 , hinted at retirement after narrowly losing heptathlon title to 21-year-old Belgian Nafissatou Thiam in a thrilling contest in Rio . Minichiello told the BBC should \" take two or three months and work out exactly do want to do \" . \" When takes that time and makes that decision 'll move from there . \" Next year the World Championships come to London , where Ennis-Hill won Olympic gold four years ago , but after missing out on retaining title by 35 points , the Sheffield athlete would not commit to continuing . \" 's going to be a tough decision , 'm going to go away and think about ,\" said . \" At this moment , 'm tired and emotional - 's a big decision . \" Minichiello has coached Ennis-Hill since was 13 , helping become world champion in 2009 , Olympic champion in London three years later , and then take gold at the 2015 World Championships just 14 months after gave birth to son Reggie . The Sheffield-born coach said might be time for to \" be selfish \" , should Ennis-Hill retire . \" clearly wo n't do another Olympic Games in 2020 . If are opportunities coming up , need to start having a look at that as a career going forwards ,\" continued . \" will be a bit of a decision have to make for so maybe 's time for to be a bit selfish and make some choices for . \" Minichiello said that counted Ennis-Hill 's silver in Rio as a \" better performance \" than gold at London 2012 , but had \" mixed emotions \" after the event . \" If look at the progress 's made , having missed two years of heptathlon competition to come back , the progress 's made is pretty remarkable ,\" added .", "The 28-year-old 's nine-year-old daughter was also threatened by a member of the gang , had a knife . The burglary happened at home in the Turf Hill area at about 05:30 BST on Wednesday , Greater Manchester Police said . The three balaclava-wearing men stole cash , jewellery and a mobile phone before fleeing . The offender carrying the gun , said to be a small silver metal handgun , was described as Asian , slim and aged between 20 and 30 . The man with the knife was black , between 30 and 40 , of a medium build and with bloodshot eyes . is believed were met by three other men outside the property . Police are now appealing for anyone with information to contact . Det Con Rich Shelton said : \" This gang targeted a mum and young daughter , even stooping as low as to hold a gun to the head of a woman was clearly heavily pregnant and absolutely terrified . \" Thankfully were not physically injured and the unborn baby not harmed but the emotional trauma have suffered is immeasurable . \"", "Kelso , Galashiels , Peebles , Hawick , Selkirk and Eyemouth saw increases but numbers fell in Duns and Jedburgh . Figures in Melrose also rose sharply compared with 2014 but exceptionally low levels were recorded that year due to \" atrocious weather \" . Councillor Stuart Bell said was \" pleasing \" to see numbers rising . A survey has been carried out across the region since 2007 . The latest figures were collected during September and October 2015 with the rise in the region higher than the Scottish average of 2 % . Last year numbers fell by 11 % but this was largely blamed on the very low levels recorded in Melrose . Mr Bell said : \" These figures are only ever going to give a snapshot of a short period of time and can fluctuate depending on weather , however is pleasing to see that overall average footfall has increased and the figures for several towns are particularly encouraging . \" need to build on these increases in footfall and the council , partner and community organisations and businesses can all play part in that , making town centres as attractive as possible to local shoppers and visitors to the Borders . \" This study started in 2007 and has in effect charted the impact of the recession and increase in internet shopping on town centres , largely accounts for the 23 % reduction in footfall over that period . \" said the issues were not unique to the Borders and would remain challenges in the longer term .", "Almost completely cut off for centuries , has tried to let in some aspects of the outside world while fiercely guarding ancient traditions . The Bhutanese name for Bhutan , Druk Yul , means \" Land of the Thunder Dragon \" and only began to open up to outsiders in the 1970s . The Wangchuck hereditary monarchy has wielded power since 1907 . But Bhutan became a two-party parliamentary democracy after elections in March 2008 . Population 750,000 Area 38,364 sq km ( 14,812 sq miles ) Major language Dzongkha Major religions Buddhism ( official ) , Hinduism Life expectancy 66 years ( men ) , 70 years ( women ) Currency ngultrum Head of state : King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck succeeded father , Jigme Singye Wangchuck , in December 2006 after the former monarch announced abdication . predecessor had already given up some of absolute powers in 1998 and ruled in conjunction with the government , an assembly and a royal advisory council . Prime Minister : Tshering Tobgay Tshering Tobgay was elected Bhutan 's second prime minister in July 2013 , succeeding Jigme Yozer Thinley . is president of the People 's Democratic Party . was leader of the opposition in the National Assembly from March 2008 to April 2013 . has projected as a reformer , rejecting official limousine and prime ministerial accommodation . Television did not come to Bhutan until 1999 . For years , the country cut off , fearing that outside influences would undermine monarchy and culture . Radio broadcasting began in 1973 and the internet arrived in 1999 . Some key dates in the history of Bhutan : 1720 - Chinese imperial army invades and temporarily establishes control over Bhutan . 1772-73 - British intervention . 1864-65 - Further intervention by Britain . 1907 - Ugyen Wangchuck is chosen as hereditary ruler . 1910 - Treaty giving Britain control over foreign relations . 1949 - Treaty signed with newly-independent India guaranteeing non-interference in Bhutan 's internal affairs , but allowing Delhi influence over foreign relations . 1958 - Slavery abolished . 1974 - First foreign tourists allowed in . 1990 - Thousands of Hindus flee to Nepal following clashes . 1998 - King cedes some powers to national assembly .", "The 47-year-old Kerr , presently coaches Stirling University 's Lowland League men 's side , will take over from Finland-bound Anna Signeul in June . And Grant believes Kerr can take Scotland to greater success . \" could take any men 's team in Scotland in opinion , is that good a coach ,\" Grant told BBC Scotland . \" Anna 's done fantastic , Shelley has learned off and now can hand over and Shelley can continue and make the team stronger and better . \" The squad is the strongest 's been and think Shelley will take even further than Anna . \" Grant , is sidelined at present with a knee injury , is a former team-mate of Kerr 's with Scotland and Hibernian , where the latter was also a coach . \" 's a great appointment ,\" said the Motherwell forward . \" was fortunate enough to play with and be coached by Shelley . \" 's great in the changing room , 's a great personality , one of the best coaches 've ever been under , so 's great for the game . \" knows all the players personally and as players makes a massive difference . \" 's really important that now have a Scottish coach and Shelley deserves because came up through the ranks as a player and is also a great role model because had a child on the way - Christie Kerr actually plays for team now at Motherwell . \" Kerr became the first-ever female head coach in senior British football when , three years ago , took charge of Stirling University in the Lowland League , the new feeder league for the Scottish Professional Football League . \" is just a great role model to have in the Scottish game , 's been involved in the men 's game , a fantastic step for , and if anyone deserves the role now , is definitely Shelley ,\" Grant added . Kerr not only led Stirling University , currently sit fourth in the league table , to a British Universities Championship final , also completed a MSc in sports management . In a university statement , the former Arsenal Ladies manager said : \" have no doubt the academic education received will be of great benefit in new role as well as in the future and beyond . \" Stirling University director of sport Cathy Gallagher paid tribute to Kerr , will remain in charge until the end of season . \" During Shelley 's tenure , the University of Stirling has established position at the top of British university football and the Scottish non-league game ,\" said .", "Choupo-Moting , 28 , is fourth signing of the summer after Darren Fletcher , Kurt Zouma and Josh Tymon . \" Eric has been on radar for several years and actually tried to bring to the club four years ago ,\" chief executive Tony Scholes said . Stoke open Premier League season with a trip to Everton on Saturday . Choupo-Moting , has also played for Hamburg and Mainz , has made 200 Bundesliga appearances and played in the Champions League with Schalke . A former Germany youth international , switched international allegiance to Cameroon in 2010 . represented the Indomitable Lions at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and has won 48 caps , scoring 13 goals . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "The SNP 's John Wallace won the Ayr East ward after the vote on Thursday . Turnout for the by-election was 34.4 % , with 4,006 votes cast out of an electorate of 11,638 . The by-election was called following the resignation of Corri Wilson , was elected as SNP MP for Ayr , Carrick and Cumnock earlier this year .", "The seven men had been given six-year jail sentences after an earthquake devastated the medieval town of L'Aquila in 2009 , killing 309 people . The verdict triggered alarm , with some saying that science had been put on trial . On Monday an appeals court cleared the group of the manslaughter charges . Judge Fabrizia Ida Francabandera ruled that was no case to answer . \" The credibility of Italy 's entire scientific community has been restored ,\" said Stefano Gresta , the president of the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology . The seven men - all leading scientists or disaster experts - had been members of a committee convened in L'Aquila in March 2009 following a series of tremors in the region . Days after met , a 6.3 magnitude quake struck the town in the middle of the night . Many of L'Aquila's medieval buildings were destroyed , and some locals blamed the disaster committee for not providing adequate advice . Prosecutors in the subsequent trial said the experts had offered falsely reassuring information to residents . According to Reuters , noted that one committee member had said was \" no danger \" from the tremors . Following the guilty verdicts , more than 5,000 scientists signed an open letter to Italian President Giorgio Napolitano in support of the experts . Many argued that the convictions represented a fundamental misunderstanding of earthquake science . Monday 's decision to overturn the verdicts came after a month-long appeal process . The prosecution can still seek to have the original verdicts reinstated via a higher court .", "US experts found B3 , also known as nicotinamide , boosts the ability of immune cells to kill Staphylococcus bacteria . B3 increases the numbers and efficacy of neutrophils , white blood cells can kill and eat harmful bugs . The study , in the Journal of Clinical Investigation , could lead to a \" major change in treatment \" , a UK expert said . B3 was tested on Staphylococcal infections , such as the potentially fatal MRSA ( Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) . Such infections are found in hospitals and nursing homes , but are also on the rise in prisons , the military and among athletes . The scientists used extremely high doses of B3 - far higher than that obtained from dietary sources - in tests , carried out both on animals and on human blood . And the researchers say is as yet no evidence that dietary B3 or supplements could prevent or treat bacterial infections . The researchers say B3 appears to be able to \" turn on \" certain antimicrobial genes , boosting the immune cells' killing power . Prof Adrian Gombart , of Oregon State University 's Linus Pauling Institute , worked on the research , said : \" This is potentially very significant , although still need to do human studies . \" Antibiotics are wonder drugs , but face increasing problems with resistance by various types of bacteria , especially Staphylococcus aureus . \" This could give a new way to treat Staph infections can be deadly , and might be used in combination with current antibiotics . \" 's a way to tap into the power of the innate immune system and stimulate to provide a more powerful and natural immune response . \" Prof Mark Enright , of the University of Bath , said : \" Neutrophils are really the front line against infections in the blood and the use of nicotinamide seems safe at this dose to use in patients as is already licensed for use . \" This could cause a major change in treatment for infections alongside conventional antibiotics to help bolster patients immune system . \" would like to see in patient clinical trials but cannot see why this could n't be used straight away in infected patients . \"", "The review into 22 abuse cases in Northern Ireland criticised the authorities for not doing enough . The young people went missing a number of times over a 20-month period while being looked after in the care system . The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) said has recently made policy changes aimed at keeping children safe . In September 2013 , the PSNI said had begun a major investigation into the sexual exploitation of children and young people had gone missing from care in Northern Ireland . Officers said had identified 22 people , aged between 13 and 18 , may have been sexually exploited . The PSNI investigation was known was Operation Owl . Thursday 's report , examining the PSNI response , has been published by the Safeguarding Board for Northern Ireland . said PSNI officers were effective in locating the teenagers and returning to the care system . However , found that failed to properly examine the extent of the child sexual exploitation taking place and attempts to find and stop the abusers was - in the words of the review - \" limited and inconsistent \" . While is praise for the help offered by some staff from residential care homes , Stormont 's Health Minister Simon Hamilton said that the report shows not enough support was given to protect the teenagers from harm or the risk of harm . said the review had identified \" a significant gap \" in knowledge about perpetrators of child sexual exploitation . The head of the PSNI 's Public Protection Branch , Det Ch Supt George Clarke said that following Operation Owl , the PSNI has \" implemented a number of changes in approach to handling this issue to ensure are doing everything can to keep children and young people safe \" . \" Indeed , in April of this year , the PSNI formed the Public Protection Branch is now responsible for policy and practice in relation to a number of areas including child sexual exploitation . \" The new structures enable to work closely with partner agencies in a much more cohesive way than before to ensure better protection and safeguarding for children and young people . \" The office said the PSNI has also revised Missing Persons Protocol , a joint policy with the health and social care authorities . \" This protocol is designed to support effective collaborative safeguarding responses by the PSNI and social services in respect of children run away or go missing from homes or care placements and builds upon developments in knowledge and experience ,\" Mr Clarke added . Last year , a separate review into the issue concluded that sexual exploitation was a growing threat to young people in Northern Ireland . That report also said that some abusers were thought to have links to paramilitary groups .", "A judge is considering whether to charge the star over the incident , was filmed and went viral . will spend the night in detention and investigations will continue on Wednesday , a BBC reporter says . Olomide has denied assault , though has since apologised for behaviour . The Kenyan authorities deported the 60-year-old rumba singer and three of dancers on Saturday to DR Congo 's capital , Kinshasa , following a public outcry over the incident . The BBC 's Poly Muzalia in Kinshasa says police officers arrived at the singer 's home early on Tuesday morning and took into custody . was handcuffed , put into a police car and then taken to a court where a judge is considering whether should be put on trial . lawyer , Landry Tanganyi , told the BBC that Olomide , one of Africa 's most popular musicians , should not be detained overnight as was not a flight risk . However , Olomide left the courthouse under police escort and will spend the night at the police station , reporter says . The Congolese musician has been in similar trouble in the past :", "Wayne Maycock , Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were last seen at HMP Leyhill at about 16:45 GMT on Sunday . Avon and Somerset Police has appealed for anyone sees , or knows of whereabouts , to make contact . HMP Leyhill in South Gloucestershire is the only minimum-security prison in the South West . Headley was sentenced in 2006 for rape and robbery , Maycock was jailed in the same year for GBH , while Bromwich was sentenced in 2001 for rape . Earlier , the police force suggested all three were convicted of rape but this information was later amended . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" Public protection is top priority . take absconds from custody extremely seriously . are working closely with the police and are urgently investigating this incident . \" According to Avon and Somerset Police : Leyhill , near Wotton-under-Edge , is a category D prison housing more than 500 inmates , including some on life sentences .", "\" have to work with Ikea - make furniture for interior design , for architecture ,\" told BBC Radio 1 . said students would be particularly keen for to create \" a minimalist apartment inside of a college dorm \" . \" Yo Ikea , allow Kanye to create , allow to make this thing because know , want a bed makes , want a chair makes . \" West was pictured visiting Ikea 's head office in Almhult , south Sweden , earlier this year . has previously collaborated with British fashion designer Katie Eary has , in turn , created a series of textiles and tableware for Ikea . The company has so far declined to comment on a possible tie-in with West , has a sideline designing clothes and shoes . ethos of providing affordable goods would chime with West 's ambition to make own products more affordable . The star 's interview with Annie Mac also covered headline set at the 2015 Glastonbury festival . said a musical error at the beginning made forget lyrics , with knock-on effects for the rest of the set . \" was incredible . started off the show and completely messed up the music . And , as can imagine by this phone call , 'm a bit of a perfectionist . So really put into a slightly depressed state and put back in the position of when was in high school and got fired from job . \" do n't usually get nervous , prepare , get fully prepared . When that music messed up in the beginning tapped into nerves and when 're nervous or vulnerable something special and something different can happen . \" And discussed political ambitions , after previously declaring would run for president in 2020 . \" When talk about the idea of being president , 'm not saying have any political views ,\" said the 39-year-old . \" just have a view on humanity , on people , on the truth . \" are numb , 're numb to 500 kids getting killed in Chicago a year , 're numb to the fact that was seven police shootings in the beginning of July . \" If is anything can do with time and day , to somehow make a difference while 'm alive 'm going to try to do . \" can hear the full interview from 19:00 BST on Annie Mac 's Radio 1 show . Follow on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "BAA said the problem had been caused by a hardware fault saw the check-in desks and boarding screens fail for almost three hours . Edinburgh Airport said was \" congestion \" as passengers had to be checked in manually from 07:30 . Flights were also delayed as passengers did not know gates to go to . The problem was fixed at about 10:00 . A man at the airport told the BBC Scotland news website was delayed at the airport for about an hour . said : \" flight did n't leave until 10am because the computers were down . were queues at the check-in desks and people did n't know where to board flights . \" was massive disruption . \" A BAA spokesman said : \" had a slight issue this morning with the network meant that lost some computer services . \" did not cause any cancellations or any great delays , but did cause some queuing in the check in area between 7am and 9am . \" team were on and , following investigation , was found to be a hardware fault was sorted quickly . \" added : \" saw some flights delayed by about half an hour , and congestion in the check-in area was cleared as soon as the fault was fixed . \"", "Police said the 14-year-old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment . was later discharged from hospital and is recovering at home . The incident happened in Holywood , County Down , on Saturday . The PSNI said the tablets were \" as yet unidentified \" but warned of the \" potential dangers \" posed . The 17-year-old , has been charged with possessing a Class A controlled drug with intent to supply ; possessing a Class B controlled drug with intent to supply ; possession of a Class A controlled drug ; possession of a Class B controlled drug and supplying a Class A controlled drug . is due to appear at Newtownards Youth Court on 14 February .", "The move was announced by President Thein Sein , earlier rejected UN calls for an independent inquiry . The clashes between Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims also displaced thousands of people . The UN welcomed the inquiry , saying could make \" important contributions \" to restoring peace . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's spokesman said could create a \" conducive environment for a more inclusive way forward to tackle the underlying causes of the violence , including the condition of the Muslim communities in Rakhine \" . sparked the violence in June ? The rape and murder of a young Buddhist woman in Rakhine in May set off a chain of deadly religious clashes Why was a state of emergency declared ? To allow the military to take over administrative control of the region are the Rohingyas ? The UN describes as a persecuted religious and linguistic minority from western Burma . The Burmese government says are relatively recent migrants from the Indian sub-continent . Bangladesh already hosts several hundred thousand refugees from Burma and says cannot take any more Q & A : Rakhine unrest Rohingyas recount terror Burma profile A statement on Thein Sein 's website said on Friday the 27-member commission would include representatives from different political parties and also religious organisations . said the commission would submit findings next month . The violence in Rakhine state began in late May when a Buddhist woman was raped and murdered by three Muslims . A mob later killed 10 Muslims in retaliation , though were unconnected with the earlier incident . Sectarian clashes spread across the state , with houses of both Buddhists and Muslims being burnt down . The UNHCR has said that about 80,000 people have been displaced in and around the Sittwe and Maungdaw by the violence . is long-standing tension between Rakhine people , are Buddhist and make up the majority of the state 's population , and Muslims . Most of these Muslims identify as Rohingya , a group originated in part of Bengal , now called Bangladesh .", "The University of Essex study of 712 Italian-American mafia members in the 1960s showed income had risen by 7.5-8.5 % per extra year of education . Those involved in complex crimes such as charging exorbitant rates for loans or extortion saw three times the boost of those committed violent crimes . But , on average , the 712 left education a year earlier than other white men of a similar age in neighbourhoods . \" Criminal careers are known to start very early and are likely to be interwoven with schooling choices ,\" the study says . Lead researcher Prof Giovanni Mastrobuoni said education tended to have a protective effect against getting involved with crime , but added : \" is also true that if decide to be a criminal 's better to be a better-educated one . \" The study says : \" Private returns to education exist not only in legitimate but also in the illegitimate activities imply a sufficient degree of complexity ,\" \" Mobster returns ( in terms of income ) to a year of schooling are around 7.5 to 8.5 % , compared to 9-10 % for the neighbour sample . \" Moreover , for mobsters , according to the Federal Bureau of Narcotics records , were involved in white-collar crimes require running an illegal business ( ie racketeering , loan sharking , bootlegging et cetera ) found returns to education are about three times as large as for those are involved in violent crimes ( ie robberies , murders et cetera ).\"", "Wigan have paid \" in excess of \u00a3 200,000 \" for Tomkins , sold to New Zealand Warriors for a reported world record fee of about \u00a3 700,000 in 2013 . Tomkins , 26 , will return for the 2016 Super League season . \" am really happy to have this sorted and to be returning home to Wigan ,\" told the club 's website . \" All of friends and family live in Wigan , a lot of play for Wigan . really was a no-brainer for . \" 's been a fantastic experience to test in the NRL but the reality is am 13,000 miles away from friends and family . \" Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan added on BBC Radio Manchester : \" 's back at Wigan is where is meant to be . \" The Super League club had first refusal on Tomkins , leaves New Zealand with a year remaining on the three-year deal initially signed . The move reunites Tomkins with two brothers - forward Joel , 28 , and hooker Logan , 22 - have both been regulars in the Wigan team this season . Tomkins links up again with head coach Shaun Wane is very close to - the 50-year-old coached during in the youth age groups at the Warriors and kept in regular contact when moved to Auckland . As well as being linked with a move to rugby union , after played a one-off match in the 15-man code for the Barbarians against Australia in 2013 , Salford owner Marwan Koukash said would consider an offer for . Media playback is not supported on this device After scoring five tries on first-team debut as a 19-year-old in 2008 , Tomkins was a prolific scorer for the Warriors , scoring 144 tries in 152 appearances . won a domestic double of the Challenge Cup and Grand Final in 2013 . Tomkins had an encouraging first season in the NRL and was in the top 15 players for tries , try assists and tackle breaks but has featured just twice this campaign because of a knee injury .", "Thomas Sargent was on Yamaha Fazer motorbike on Bolton Road , Withnell , on Sunday afternoon when was involved in a collision with a Volvo car . was airlifted to the Royal Preston Hospital , where later died . family described as a \" quiet , enthusiastic , caring and loving man \" with a \" real passion for motorcycles \" . Paying tribute , said : \" had just celebrated 21st birthday by touring Europe on Yamaha motorbike . \" died doing something loved and is now at peace and resting with Grandma . will be dearly missed by everybody knew and will never be forgotten . \" Police are urging witnesses of the collision to get in touch .", "The 37-year-old made 64 appearances for country , including three at the 2006 World Cup , and is Poland 's most-capped goalkeeper . Boruc has been mainly used as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny in recent years . \" has not been an easy decision for and has been one 've taken incredibly seriously ,\" said . \" However , after much thought and consideration feel that now is the right time in order to focus fully both on family and club career at AFC Bournemouth . \"", "China has one of the biggest air pollution problems in the world . Lots of people living there tend to wear special facemasks to help to filter out the pollution . Italian architect Stefano Boeri came up with the idea of creating buildings are full of plants , to help fight pollution . These two special buildings will be home to more than 1,000 trees and 2,500 shrubs and bushes should absorb the pollution in the air and help to filter and make cleaner . The buildings will be built in the Chinese city of Nanjing , and should be finished by 2018 . The shorter tower will be a hotel , while the taller one will be home to a museum , offices and an architecture school . The buildings are the first of kind in Asia , but will join two other buildings like , from Italy and Switzerland . The architect has plans to build similar buildings in other Chinese cities like Chongqing , Shijiazhuang , Liuzhou , Guizhou and Shanghai . In 2014 China 's government said were working hard to reduce the amount of pollution in the air - and since then 've been closing down coal-burning factories , and limiting the amount of traffic on roads .", "Media playback is not supported on this device In an error-strewn display , the 2012 bronze medallist needed 102 points from closing dive to reach the final . However , managed only 50.40 to finish in last place with 403.25 - well short of the personal best of 571.85 set in Friday 's preliminary round . \" 's really hard to accept . 've worked so hard ,\" said Daley , 22 . \" Yesterday scored the highest score ever in an Olympic Games . Today was n't meant to be . That 's diving does sometimes . \" truly am heartbroken because feel like am in the peak physical condition and could have won . \" British Diving performance director Alexei Evangulov had said Daley was \" in the best shape and best form of career \" before the Olympics . Daley , won a bronze medal in the 10m synchronised platform with Dan Goodfellow , suggested would compete again in Tokyo in 2020 . \" 'm so happy with how GB have done , so proud to be part of and wanted to be able to stand on top of that podium , so will be another four years' hard work ,\" said . Media playback is not supported on this device China 's Chen Aisen , 20 , claimed second gold of the Games by winning the final , took place later on Saturday . Chen , also won the 10m synchro alongside Lin Yue , scored 585.30 points to finish ahead of Mexico 's German Sanchez ( 532.70 ) and defending champion David Boudia of the United States ( 525.25 ) . Media playback is not supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "Nama sold entire Northern Ireland portfolio to Cerberus , a US investment fund , in 2014 . The Irish Times has reported that the Comptroller and Auditor General ( C & AG ) will say that failings in the sales process could have resulted in \" hundred of millions of euro \" not being realised . Nama , an Irish state agency , was established in 2009 to take control of billions of euro of bad property loans were damaging the Irish banks . Controversy around the sales process has centred on the role of the businessman and former Nama advisor Frank Cushnahan . While working as an advisor to Nama began talking to a US investment fund , Pimco , was interested in buying the portfolio . then left Nama role and went on to assist the fund with bid . was due to be paid \u00a3 5m if the bid succeeded - but collapsed when Nama learned of Mr Cushnahan 's role . Subsequently only two other firms made offers to buy the Northern Ireland portfolio . The highest bid of \u00a3 1.24bn - a fraction above the minimum reserve price - was made by Cerberus . The other offer from Fortress was for \u00a3 1.1bn , was below the reserve . Earlier this year , the BBC Spotlight programme broadcast a covert recording in Mr Cushnahan claimed was also due to be paid a fee in relation to the Cerberus deal . The Irish Times reports that the C & AG will say that \" while impossible to be definitive \" , shortcomings in the sales process meant Nama did not receive hundreds of millions of euro might otherwise have . A Nama spokesman said : \" 're not making any comment and will respond when the report is published . \" In a statement , the Department of Finance in Dublin , said : \"' The minister will brief cabinet colleagues at an upcoming government meeting . \" The report will be published thereafter . No further comment will be made until after publication . \" Mr Cushnahan has always denied any wrongdoing in relation to Nama role . Cerberus has said that the sales process for the loan portfolio was \" conducted with full integrity \" on part . Earlier this week , BBC NI 's Spotlight programme reported that Mr Cushnahan was recorded accepting a \u00a3 40,000 cash payment from a Nama borrower . Mr Cushnahan , was advising Nama at the time , has denied any wrongdoing . Following the broadcast , First Minister Arlene Foster rejected a call by Sinn F\u00e9in 's Martin McGuinness for a cross-border Nama inquiry saying was \" not appropriate \" . Mr McGuinness said supported such an inquiry following new revelations in the Spotlight programme about Nama 's role in Northern Ireland 's biggest ever property deal .", "The unknown offender seized control of the Medway Council feed at about 19:45 BST . first tweet announced : \" The Medway Council Twitter feed has been taken over by the citizens of Medway . \" Hackers went on to publish a string of Tweets were removed about 10 minutes later . The authority apologised for any offence caused . tweeted : \" account was hacked for a short time earlier this evening . \" Sorry for any offence caused by the tweets have now been removed . \" During the security breach , around nine tweets were sent including one promised : \" 're also going to introduce decent schools . About time eh ?\" . The hackers also announced an end to Rochester 's Dickens Festival . Celia Glynn-Williams , head of communication at Medway Council , said action was taken to secure the account as quickly as possible . added : \" are sorry for any offence caused by the messages were tweeted . \" take the security of account very seriously and are looking into how this happened . \"", "'s been refused somewhere to stay because comes from Ebola hotspot , Sierra Leone . Amara arrived in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight ago and was turned down by two landlords - one by letter . Both were happy for to stay until handed over passport and realised was from a country at the centre of the current epidemic . told Newsbeat that was \" devastated to be turned down \" . The letter said : \" Under normal circumstance . profile would be a great profile to be one of lodgers . \" However , given that the world is about to probably experience an Ebola epidemic , have decided not to accept anyone has been anywhere near the ebola outbreak within the last two months , or is likely to visit those areas in the near future . \" Amara , 35 , told Newsbeat that is wrong to assume all people from Sierra Leone carry the disease . says : \" 's very unreasonable . And if think everybody coming from Sierra Leone is affected , then that 's just completely unfair . \" The good news for Amara is that after a few weeks of looking , 's found somewhere to stay so can continue studies . More than 4,400 people have died in the Ebola outbreak , mainly in West Africa . Britain has now begun screening passengers at Heathrow airport . People arriving from the worst-affected countries will be questioned and may have temperatures taken . Professor Tom Solomon is an expert on diseases like Ebola and how spread . How worried should be here in the UK ? think should be worried about Ebola in West Africa because sadly the cases have gone up and up but the situation in the UK is very different from the situation in West Africa . Was the landlord right to be so cautious ? understand why people are concerned about Ebola but people need to do is look at the facts and then make sensible decisions . 're not going to get Ebola from renting flat to someone from Sierra Leone . How do people get Ebola ? Ebola is passed on if someone is in contact with the bodily fluids of someone is actually sick with the disease . So clearly letting out property wont put people at risk . Is the virus going to become airborne ? is no evidence that the virus is airborne and have never seen the virus change and become airborne - so is no evidence to say that this will happen here . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "According to the corporation , \" the extended Ten will give audiences even more news analysis and explanation \" . With additional news from the Nations and Regions , the programme will be 45-minutes long from Monday through to Thursday , starting from 11 January . The move follows a five-month trial in the run-up to the General Election . \" Along with sister programme at 6 , The BBC 's 10 o'clock News is already the most popular news bulletin in the UK and , in the New Year , will offer even more ,\" said Gavin Allen , controller of daily news programmes . \" Viewers will continue to see the fullest range of stories - and now 'll have still more scope to explain the events impact the country and help to make sense of the changing world around . \" 's always been a bit odd that the BBC 's highest profile news bulletin ( if not highest rated - the audience for the Six o'clock News is bigger ) has also been the shortest . Of course , the official duration has n't always been stuck to . People tune in just for the weather at the end of the bulletin will already know this - the news is sometimes two , three or even five minutes longer than says on the schedules . is , though , an interesting symbolic move . ITV 's News at Ten presenter Tom Bradby has questioned the BBC scheduling main news at 10pm , and so too has the culture secretary John Whittingdale . This certainly makes clear the BBC is n't planning on vacating the spot , but is digging in even deeper . Yet does present a quandary for those like to tuck in to Newsnight after the Ten . Newsnight 's start time is usually around 22:32 . In future , if stay with the News at Ten until the end of the weather , will have missed the first 13 minutes of the programme . And finally , for fans of the red chair and the celebrity sofa , this is a Monday to Thursday-only change . Question Time on Thursday can be shunted , but Graham Norton , appears , is sticking to 22:35 slot .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday and have won both of games under Shakespeare since Ranieri 's sacking . \" Suddenly wants to be a manager . does n't sit that comfortably with ,\" Keown said on Match of the Day . \" If 're assistant manager to Ranieri and 's walked , why is suddenly want to be the manager ? \" Shakespeare , 53 , has never managed full-time and was brought to Leicester by Ranieri 's predecessor Nigel Pearson . says expects to speak with the Leicester hierarchy about future next week . \" have personal ambition , but think 's almost out of order that wants to jump in for that job ,\" said Keown . \" Surely 'll go for a manager is bigger with more experience . \" Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy added : \" While Craig Shakespeare is winning , leave in charge . Why change ? Let carry on . \" Speaking after side moved five points clear of the relegation zone , Shakespeare said : \" remit was to win these two games and that 's 've done ,\" said . \" The owners will make a decision for the good of the club and until talk to do n't know that will be . But as have said previously , 'm comfortable with that . \" ca n't control and 's no point worrying about . \" Leicester had not scored a league goal in 2017 until Shakespeare took charge , but have now scored six in two games - twice as many Premier League goals as did in last 10 matches under Ranieri . Shakespeare has never managed a club before but has a long association with the Foxes . The Englishman was assistant manager to Nigel Pearson for two years from 2008 , following Pearson to Hull in 2010 before both returned to Leicester a year later . Following Pearson 's sacking in 2015 , Shakespeare remained at the club as Ranieri 's assistant . Leicester are believed to have spoken to a number of potential candidates to replace Ranieri , but could also consider giving Shakespeare the job until the end of the season . The Foxes have held informal discussions with former England boss Roy Hodgson . The 69-year-old has been out of work since leaving the international set-up after the Three Lions lost to Iceland at Euro 2016 . Pearson , saved Leicester from relegation in 2014-15 , has also been linked with a return .", "Jo Deering died in 2011 , aged 52 , just months after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act . Under-fire Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust admitted could have made better decisions about care . However , Ms Deering 's sister , Maureen Rickman , said the trust 's findings \" deserved to be binned \" . In December , the BBC revealed that the trust , provides services to about 45,000 people in Hampshire , Dorset , Wiltshire , Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire , had failed to investigate hundreds of unexpected deaths since 2011 . Ms Deering , from New Milton , Hampshire , had paranoid schizophrenia and was discharged from hospital two weeks after being sectioned . was sent home where was the main carer for 89-year-old mother , had dementia . Four months later took own life . family said the trust should not have allowed to go home while was still ill . In 2012 report , the trust said the medical team based at Waterford House cared for Ms Deering should \" be commended for ongoing efforts to work with Joanna and whole family in as an inclusive a way as possible , despite significant complications \" . Ms Rickman said : \" is n't an investigation here , nothing of the sort . could have carried out a better investigation to be quite frank . \" added : \" deserves to be binned - nobody would have known anything from this at all , is nothing to take away from this other than a load of psycho babble and twaddle . \" In a statement , Dr Lesley Stevens , medical director at the trust , said the report found \" decision-making process about granting leave , and how communicated this with Jo and family , could have been better \" . \" Robust actions to learn from this incident were fully implemented at the time ,\" added . said the trust had provided community support to help Ms Deering with role as a carer . \" The way investigate and learn when things go wrong , has changed substantially ,\" added .", "The firm will resume in-house domestic vinyl production at a Japanese factory south-west of Tokyo by March 2018 . The move comes amid renewed demand for old-fashioned black plastic records , now occupy a key market niche . At one time , the format had been expected to disappear after the rise of CDs , digital downloads and streaming . During vinyl 's long decline from the late 1980s onwards , many vinyl record factories closed down , with production confined to a few specialist independent firms . But this year , global vinyl revenue is expected to hit $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 770m ) , with many consumers swearing by supposedly superior sound quality . Analysis : Jonty Bloom , business correspondent They said the CD had killed and that digital downloads had left dead and buried : but vinyl is back . Sony , played a major part in killing off vinyl by developing CDs , has seen replaced in turn by other music technology such as downloads and streaming , but vinyl is increasingly popular once again . The format has been saved by a resurgence in demand , as attracts not only nostalgic older consumers , but also younger generations have rediscovered records , especially in clubs and at music festivals . Sony is even struggling to find older engineers know how to make records . Part of the reason for the popularity of vinyl records may be that can actually sell in shops . In the UK , record sales brought in more money last year than streaming platforms - although the unit costs of vinyl is many times that of streaming . Vinyl records have been growing in popularity again in recent years , boosted by events such as Record Store Day in April every year , for record companies produce special limited-edition singles and albums . Sony 's move comes a few months after equipped Tokyo studio with a cutting lathe , used to produce the master discs needed for manufacturing vinyl records . has not yet said titles will be pressing in vinyl , but big sellers in the format these days are a mixture of classic back-catalogue items and modern releases by new bands .", "Victoria mated with a male bear at the Highland Wildlife Park at Kincraig , near Aviemore , earlier this year . To protect from being disturbed if is pregnant , the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) said had been taken \" off show \" . If does raise a cub or cubs , would be born in December or January . RZSS said was not possible to say at this stage if Victoria was pregnant . Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago . Victoria was brought to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark last year and is kept in an enclosure about a mile away from the park 's two males , Arktos and Walker . previously raised cubs in 2008 . Arktos was moved to Victoria 's enclosure for a short time earlier this year .", "Seven organisations have issued joint advice on vitamin D , the body gets from natural sunlight . The nutrient keeps bones strong , and protects against conditions like osteoporosis . The guidance was drawn up because is thought fears about skin cancer have made people too cautious about being in the sun . Cancer Research UK and the National Osteoporosis Society are among the bodies agree that \" little and frequent \" spells in summer sunshine several times a week can benefit health . The experts now say is fine to go outside in strong sun in the middle of the day , as long as cover up or apply sunscreen before skin goes red . Professor Rona Mackie , from the British Association of Dermatologists , said : \" Total sun protection with high factor suncream on all the time is not ideal , in terms of vitamin D levels . \" Even Australia has changed policy on this . 're now producing charts showing parts of Australia where sun protection may not be required during some parts of the year . \" Some of the messages about sun exposure have been too negative . UK summer sunshine is n't desperately strong . do n't have many days in the year when is very intense . \" 's changed is that 're now saying that exposure of 10 to 15 minutes to the UK summer sun , without suncream , several times a week is probably a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer . \" Official government advice already recommends vitamin D supplements for pregnant women and children aged under five . But the experts wrote the joint statement say mothers often are not made aware of this recommendation . suggest women consult GP . Winter levels of vitamin D can be helped by a break in the tropical sun - or by eating oily fish , liver and fortified margarine . Cancer Research UK 's chief clinician , Professor Peter Johnson , said : \" A good diet and sensible sun exposure will be adequate for the great majority of the UK population to minimise cancer risk . \" The area of vitamin D and cancer is complex . \" 's some evidence , is strongest in bowel cancer , that low levels of vitamin D in the blood correlate with the risk of developing cancer . \" But that does n't mean those low levels cause bowel cancer . \" think overall that low levels of vitamin D are unlikely to be major contributors to the chances of developing cancer in the UK population . \" The joint statement also highlighted questions about vitamin D warrant further research . These include finding out the optimal levels of vitamin D , and more detail about the role of dietary sources and supplements .", "Linton Bridge , over the River Wharfe in West Yorkshire , was damaged in the Christmas floods . Emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge between Linton and Collingham remains at risk of collapse , said Leeds City Council . Work , will cost \u00a3 4.5m , is to start in July to put in place a river platform to work on the foundations . Parts of the bridge dropped about 8in ( 20cm ) after the floodwater undermined foundations . has been shut since 27 December and the permanent repair works are expected to be completed by the summer of 2017 . More than 100 bridges were damaged by floods in West Yorkshire and a bridge partially collapsed in Tadcaster in North Yorkshire . Councillor Richard Lewis said : \" think everyone now realises the challenge of repairing Linton Bridge is considerable and requires detailed and complex work , so is not something can be done quickly . \" The meeting also decided not to put a temporary footbridge in place due to cost and environmental impact . A free shuttle bus service has been operating between Linton and Wetherby since January .", "Organisers said about 10,000 people were expected , in the city 's biggest show of solidarity with foreigners . At least five people have been killed and foreign-owned shops looted in attacks since last week . The influential Zulu king has been accused of fuelling the violence - charges denies . For the latest news , views and analysis see the BBC Africa Live page . Locals accuse foreigners of taking jobs in a country where the official unemployment rate is 24 % . Tens of thousands of foreigners , mostly from other African states and Asia , have moved to South Africa since white-minority rule ended in 1994 . At least 62 people died in xenophobic attacks swept South Africa in 2008 . Are in Durban ? is reaction to the march against xenophobia ? Email haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk with experience . If would be happy to speak further to a BBC journalist , please include a contact telephone number . Email pictures to yourpics @ bbc.co.uk , upload here , tweet to @ BBC _ HaveYourSay or text 61124 . If are outside the UK , send to the international number + 44 7624 800 100 . Or WhatsApp on + 44 7525 900971 Read terms and conditions .", "Nottinghamshire Police were present when the man fell from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham on Friday evening . A witness told the Nottingham Post survived the first fall before running to another flat and falling again . Police are not treating the death of the man , in mid-30s , as suspicious . Officers were called to Waterloo Road at about 19:30 GMT .", "The Public Administration Committee said would seek written evidence and publish an interim report before the summer recess later this month . Eurosceptic Tories fear the rules are being amended to allow the government to campaign openly to stay in the EU . But ministers say is needed to allow to continue work . The committee , headed by Conservative MP Bernard Jenkin , said the purdah probe would form the first part of a wide-ranging inquiry into the EU Referendum Bill , the proposed law will authorise a referendum on the UK 's membership of the EU by the end of 2017 . Mr Jenkin said and colleagues wanted to know why the government was planning to partially \" disapply \" the existing rules on government announcements in the four weeks leading up to the referendum . The inquiry will focus on the existing rules , as set out in the 2000 Political Parties and Referendum Act , the government 's case for amending , how ministers plan to go about and the impact will have on the impartiality of the civil service . In a vote on the issue last month , 27 Conservative MPs rebelled against party , urging ministers to reinstate the full purdah period although the government won the vote after Labour abstained . The government has said the existing rules would potentially prevent ministers from attending EU meetings and making decisions with a European dimension . have insisted will address MPs' concerns about this and other matters - such as the funding available to different sides and the length of the campaign - as the bill makes way through the Commons . The committee will publish report on 22 July .", "But archaeologist Steve Clarke believes this fortified farmhouse once stood on stilts on a manmade island in an Ice Age lake 4,900 years ago . The \" crannog 's \" timbers survived and carbon dating said were built on Jordan Way , Monmouth , 2,917 years BC . A slab of timber was discovered when the estate was constructed in 2003 . is the second crannog discovered in Wales . But the first , at Llangorse Lake , in the Brecon Beacons , is thousands of years younger than the recent discovery . \" This is very important , was a huge lake was here until the Iron Age ,\" said Mr Clarke , 70 . \" This will tell was happening here in the Stone Age - know so little about that period . \"", "Gwent Police was called to the incident near Raglan Services at about 11:30 BST on Sunday . The ambulance service said a patient had been taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary . The road was closed in both directions between Monmouth and Raglan for about four hours but police said traffic was now moving freely .", "The organisations used the Freedom of Information Act to get details on pay packages for everyone from managers and hospital doctors to dentists and GPs . Researchers included bonuses , pension contributions and redundancy payments , as well as salaries , in the sums . The Taxpayers' Alliance said some of the figures were concerning . In particular , the lobby group highlighted the sums being paid to senior managers . The overwhelming majority of staff on six-figure salaries were clinical , including GPs , hospital consultants and dentists . But nearly 2,400 of the staff were employed by NHS bodies in the UK in non-clinical roles - of these 472 earned more than \u00a3 150,000 . The Daily Mail said analysis of annual accounts of NHS bodies showed that the pay bill for NHS directors had risen by 22 % in two years . Another 534 employees of quangos were also on six-figure salaries . Taxpayers' Alliance chief executive Jonathan Isaby said : \" No-one begrudges paying doctors and nurses well for the tough jobs do , but 's galling to see bosses at failing hospitals continuing to rake in the cash . \" 's an insult to taxpayers , but 's even worse for patients have suffered because of mismanagement and worse . \" The rewards-for-failure culture is rife in the NHS and must be stamped out as a matter of urgency . \" However , separate figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre have shown that overall the number of managers in the health service in England , including senior and lower level ones , has been falling . are now just over 37,600 employed - down by nearly a fifth in five years . Ministers in England also pointed out that had written to NHS bodies to discourage \" retire and rehire \" practices where staff get lucrative pay-offs and then start working again in closely linked jobs , while any salaries above the level of the prime minister 's now needed to be scrutinised by the Department of Health . Health Minister David Prior said : \" are absolutely clear that value for money for the taxpayer is vital , every pound is wasted or spent unnecessarily is a pound cannot be spent on looking after patients . \" Rob Webster , chief executive of the NHS Confederation , defended the pay levels , saying being a chief executive in the NHS \" was one of the toughest jobs in the country \" . And added : \" In the toughest environment for the NHS in a generation , need good leaders can transform care . need the ambition and the skills to take people with , and have the stability and time to build relationships around a common shared goal for local population . \"", "28 June 2016 Last updated at 08:03 BST On 1 July 1916 , British soldiers started fighting in the Battle of the Somme . The people in charge said that the battle had to happen to win the war . But by the time was over , more than a million soldiers on both sides had died or were injured . Even now people ca n't agree on whether was the right decision or a huge mistake . Martin has been to the trenches in northern France to find out happened .", "Chay Roberts-Jones was working at Blundells School at Tiverton , Devon , when assaulted the girl under the guise of giving a sports massage . Roberts-Jones , 29 , was cleared of sexually assaulting two other girls at a summer ball and a camping trip by a jury in February at Exeter Crown Court . was a physics teacher at the \u00c2 \u00a3 31,000 a year school but now lives in France . The court heard details of the conviction are to be supplied to the French authorities to ensure Roberts-Jones , previously of Preston Street , Exeter , is not able to work with children again . In May 2014 , offered to give victim a massage after suffered cramp but went on to lift top and try to pull down trousers . Recorder Mr Philip Mott , QC said was a \" higher culpability because of the abuse of trust \" . said : \" This was not just flirting and an error of judgment but a more determined effort to pursue desire and overcome resistance . \" The judge said Roberts-Jones , now teaches adults in France , had experienced \" substantial punishment in terms of career , self image and place in society \" and suspended sentence for two years . ordered Roberts-Jones to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,500 costs and sign on the sex offenders register . Emily Cook , for the defence , said was an \" element of infatuation \" with the victim \" got out of hand \" .", "The victim is in a stable condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital after being seriously injured in a confrontation in Portslade on Saturday . A 15-year-old boy from Hove was held on suspicion of attempted murder and causing GBH with intent . An 18-year-old man from Portslade was arrested on suspicion of affray . Both have been bailed until 18 November . A 16-year-old boy from Portslade , also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder , remains in police custody . Sussex Police said emergency services were called to Abinger Road at 17:17 BST where a group of youths were gathered in the car park of the Co-op store .", "Tanveer Iqbal 's body was found in Renault Clio in Portland Road , Edgbaston , on Monday afternoon . The 33-year-old had not been seen since closing Hi-Tech Music shop in Shireland Road , Smethwick , on Sunday evening and had been reported missing . Police said death is currently being treated as suspicious and a post-mortem examination will be carried out . Mr Iqbal was reported missing at midday on Monday . More on this story and others from Birmingham and Black Country Portland Road was cordoned off between City Road and the Ridgeway and the car has been taken away for investigation . Det Insp Paul Joyce said police are working \" around the clock \" to try to piece together Mr Iqbal 's last movements . \" Portland Road is likely to remain closed until later today while team continues to carry out an important forensic examination at the scene ,\" said . \" am particularly keen to speak to any witnesses may have seen Mr Iqbal between closing shop in Smethwick on Sunday night and the time was discovered at lunchtime on Monday . \"", "The record follows a break during singer Billie Joe Armstrong went to rehab for prescription pill addiction and touring guitarist Jason White received treatment for tonsil cancer . \" To have a chart-topping album at this stage of career is especially gratifying ,\" the band said . As with 2004 's American Idiot , the record is a critique of US society . The album 's first single , Bang Bang , addresses the culture of mass shootings , telling the story of one such incident through the eyes of a perpetrator . The title track was written after Armstrong joined a march in Manhattan , New York , protesting against a grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer for the killing of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson . \" was happening all over the country ,\" told Rolling Stone magazine . \" was a trip to see people rebel against the old order . \" was feeling that people do n't want to feel obsolete in the things care about . \" Revolution Radio outsold nearest competitor , Barry Gibb 's In The Now , by a ratio of two to one , said the Official Charts Company . Other new entries in this week 's album chart came from US rock band Alter Bridge , landed at three with The Last Hero , and the Kaiser Chiefs , pop-centric album Stay Together debuted at four . Pop band OneRepublic scored a new entry at six with Oh My My , while Norah Jones entered at 10 with Day Breaks , a record marks a return to the jazz-inflected style of debut , Come Away With . In the singles chart , James Arthur holds on to the number one spot for the third week in a row , with downbeat ballad Say Wo n't Let Go . The singer strengthened lead over the competition thanks to a performance on last week 's X Factor , resulted in 50,000 sales and 5.16 million streams - the highest figure song has achieved so far . Bruno Mars was the highest new entry 24K Magic , a charismatic retread of hit single Uptown Funk ; while Swedish star Zara Larsson edged closer to the top 10 with single Ai n't Fault rising three places to number 13 . Actress-turned-pop star Hailee Steinfeld had the highest-climbing single of the week , as Starving - collaboration with dance producer Zedd - leapt from 28 to 17 . Follow on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 44-year-old had been in charge at Rugby Park since February 2016 , when replaced Gary Locke . kept Killie in the Premiership last season and leaves in sixth place . Chris Brass , 41 , had been announced in December as head coach at Bury until the end of the season after David Flitcroft was fired . \" Lee is someone have followed through playing and managerial career ,\" said Shakers chairman Stewart Day . \" firmly believe that Lee is the right man and has an enthusiasm and passionate desire to take this club forward . was overwhelmed with knowledge of the club and the contacts has in the game and how believes in can achieve together . \" Former Huddersfield , Birmingham and Blackpool boss Clark takes charge of a Bury side sat in the relegation zone in the third tier and will be on the sidelines for the game against Chesterfield on Saturday . Assistant Lee McCulloch will become interim manager of Kilmarnock , with Peter Leven as No.2 . McCulloch is likely to be offered the position until the end of the season . Clark , a former midfielder at Newcastle , Fulham and Sunderland , won 10 of 44 games in charge at Kilmarnock . \" have had a wonderful year as Kilmarnock manager ,\" told the club website . \" The club and fans have treated and family fantastically - are in a good position with a strong and loyal squad and staff . \" The directors have given full support in rebuilding the squad and the fans will always have a special place in heart , but still have huge ambition to one day manage at the highest level in England , is obviously the Premier League . \" feel that the fresh challenge of managing a club in England 's League One could provide with the platform to build towards this goal . \"", "This brings the number of military dismissals to more than 3,000 following the failed coup , in rebel units used tanks and aircraft to try to oust President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . On Saturday Mr Erdogan announced steps to put all armed forces under direct government control , amid a crackdown . accuses US-based cleric Fetullah Gulen of being behind the coup attempt . At least 246 people died as rebel soldiers tried to seize power on 15 July . Mr Gulen denies any involvement . The latest soldiers to be dismissed include Mr Erdogan 's chief military adviser , a top aide to the chief of the general staff and the defence minister 's chief secretary . On Saturday the government announced plans to close all military academies and bring land , naval and air forces under the control of the defence ministry . The proposals need to be approved by parliament . The coup has triggered a massive purge , with 66,000 public sector workers dismissed and 50,000 passports cancelled . The state has also shut 142 media outlets and detained journalists . A three-month state of emergency has also been declared . President Erdogan has ignored international unease about the crackdown , telling foreign critics : \" Mind own business . \"", "The Local Government Association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings . Staff are also working closely with tenants to review and offer fire safety advice . Police say at least 30 people died as a result of the west London blaze . Live : Latest updates on the Grenfell Tower fire Lord Porter , LGA chairman , said : \" Following the horrific fire at Grenfell Tower , councils with tower blocks in local area have been working with local fire service , and undertaking urgent reviews of high-rise buildings . \" Fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings are being reviewed and double checks are being made to ensure remedial work recommended under previous assessments have been carried out . \" Extra fire safety checks were immediately organised across local authorities , including Camden , Newham , Croydon and Redbridge . In Leeds , has 116 blocks , the council is carrying out a review of fire safety in all blocks as a matter of urgency , but reassuring residents adequate checks are already in place . In the Midlands , councils in Coventry and Birmingham , have 38 high-rise blocks , say have double-checked records and no buildings have cladding like the type used in Grenfell Tower . London fire : Homes offered to Grenfell victims London fire : Fire protesters storm town hall May promises ' proper investigation ' into fire In Wolverhampton , the city council said that of the 36 tower blocks across the city , a number have external cladding . The authority said was \" confident \" the cladding is of a correct standard , but will undergo urgent checks with manufacturers . Fire crews in Solihull have visited high-rise blocks to reassure residents . Senior councillors in Liverpool will hold a meeting with social landlords on Saturday , while the fire service is reviewing inspection processes for high-rise buildings and prioritising inspections of high-rise premises across Merseyside . St Katherine 's Court in Northampton , was recently refurbished , was inspected earlier by the fire service . Management said cladding used is a different type to that used on Grenfell Tower . Meanwhile , fire services in Lincolnshire , Cambridgeshire and Humberside have also confirmed will be visiting high-rise buildings . And in Cornwall , has one tower block , a meeting with residents and council and fire officers is planned for next week . Lord Porter added : \" Councils take the safety of residents extremely seriously . need to know with certainty how this fire started and why spread so quickly so that councils can start to take any action needed . \"", "The vehicle overturned on the road between Mecca and Medina , Mena said . were 44 Egyptian pilgrims on board the bus when crashed , the agency said . The incident comes just days after 16 Palestinian pilgrims from the West Bank were killed when bus crashed in Jordan on way to Saudi Arabia . The groups were both travelling to Mecca to perform the lesser Islamic pilgrimage , or Umrah .", "Media playback is unsupported on device 24 February 2015 Last updated at 20:27 GMT The 67-year-old , was fearful of returning to Gateshead home after the attack in January , has begun house hunting thanks to an online fundraising campaign attracted donations of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 330,000 . But Mr Barnes , collarbone was broken when was knocked to the ground , told Look North 's Peter Harris was not yet ready to meet attacker , drug-user Richard Gatiss , 25 .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The American , 32 , looked set to take part after warming up on the range but then withdrew on the first tee . The US Open champion fell on the stairs and hurt lower back on Wednesday . \" 'm playing the best golf of life and to have a freak accident happen yesterday afternoon , sucks really bad ,\" said Johnson . \" have been worked on all morning and obviously can take some swings , but ca n't swing full , ca n't make normal swing and did n't think was any chance could compete . \" The 15-time PGA Tour winner added : \" was wearing socks and slipped and went down the three stairs . The left side of lower back took the brunt of and left elbow is bruised as well . \" Johnson 's caddie was placing the ball on tee for on the range , while coach Butch Harmon said pain hindered Johnson 's rest overnight . Shortly before withdrawal , progressed from hitting wedge shots on the range to fuller swings and involvement looked likely as made way to the first tee for a scheduled 19:03 BST start alongside playing partners Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker . Johnson was a popular pick to win the first major of the year as a result of the fine form has shown in 2017 . has won the past three tournaments in has competed - February 's Genesis Open , and both the WGC Mexico Championship and WGC Dell Match Play in March . As well as winning last year 's US Open by four shots , finished ninth at the Open Championship and tied fourth at the Masters . BBC Radio 5 live correspondent Iain Carter Johnson took until the very last second to make must have been an agonising decision to pull out . was standing on the first tee before making the toughest call of career . is a severe blow for the player has dominated golf this season . arrived here off the back of three big victories and was a justifiable favourite . All has been lost through freak fall at rental home and the damage done to back .", "Tony Tinley responded to The Sunday Times report that the company may spend research budgets overseas if government support for innovation is cut . Mr Tinley said wanted the firm to commit to the city . Rolls-Royce said invests in research and development \" where the environment is supportive \" . The union fears that grants offered by the department for Business , Innovation and Skills , to firms like Rolls-Royce , could be turned into loans as a result of spending cuts . Mr Tinley , a senior regional Unite officer in the East Midlands , said : \" If move [ research and development ] , the manufacturing goes with . \" could be arguing that the whole presence of Rolls-Royce is being put at risk . \" get called a scaremonger for this but when 've sat and looked in the eyes of these people [ senior management ] , do n't see that commitment . \" Dr Ian Jackson , from Staffordshire University 's business school , said turning grants into loans could have a serious effect on Rolls-Royce . said : \" would put at risk the qualified scientists and engineers not just at Rolls-Royce in Derby , but also the supply chain , and wider into the hinterland of supports that . \" Rolls-Royce , employs about 13,000 people in Derby , said in a statement : \" Rolls-Royce has always maintained that invest in research and development where the environment is supportive . \" The location of research and technology is dependent on where the early stages of innovation happens , and the UK today has a compelling and competitive environment for Rolls-Royce to invest . \" A government spokesperson said : \" want the UK to be the best place in Europe to innovate and grow a business . \" are simplifying support for business , boosting collaboration and investing in research infrastructure on a record scale . \"", "Bangladesh police are investigating the murder of an Italian aid worker was shot on Monday , with the Islamic State group saying is responsible . The two-Test series was due to begin in Chittagong on Friday , 9 October . \" One man gets killed , an Italian , and the tour is off . 've had 50,000 people killed in Pakistan ,\" Khan said . Khan was referring to figures estimating the number of \" fatalities in terrorist violence \" in Pakistan since 2003 . In May , Pakistan hosted first home full international fixture since gunmen attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lanka team on way to play in Lahore in 2009 . \" A certain amount of tension is likely through terrorism , but have to trust the Bangladeshis , the Indians , the Sri Lankans and Pakistanis . give 100 % protection ,\" Khan added . \" Some of the countries , like Australia and New Zealand , are perhaps oversensitive . \" Cricket Australia had initially delayed the team 's scheduled departure on 28 September while worked on a \" revised security plan \" . But now says that official advice means had \" no alternative but to postpone the tour \" . The Bangladesh Cricket Board ( BCB ) said was \" disappointed \" by the decision but is \" committed to rescheduling the series at a later date \" . On Wednesday , the BCB had promised \" VVIP \" treatment for the Australian team , saying would be given the same level of security afforded to visiting heads of state . England are due to tour Bangladesh to play two Tests and three one-day internationals in October and November 2016 .", "Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus can cause a fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems - particularly those with advanced HIV . Birds are known to carry the fungus , with experts puzzled why the birds do not appear to become ill . Research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block growth . The fungus , found in bird 's droppings , mostly infects the lungs or the central nervous system . Scientists at the University of Sheffield and the University of Birmingham found can grow slowly within the bird 's digestive tract , but if tries to invade the bird 's body the immune system immediately destroys . Dr Simon Johnston , led the research , said : \" Birds have a higher body temperature than humans , but this alone is not enough to fully stop the fungus . \" By studying bird cells under the microscope , have seen that macrophage cells have the ability to completely block the growth of the fungus , can be fatal in humans . added : \" If can learn how some animals are able to resist infection might be able to gain insights into how can improve the human immune response to this fungus . \" The universities said the work was part of a larger international effort to help fight cryptococcosis . The findings are reported in the journal Scientific Reports .", "The flight from Manchester Airport to Agadir in Morocco , was diverted to London Gatwick less than an hour after take-off on Thursday . The Thomson Airways Boeing 737-800 took off at 18:42 BST before being struck . A spokeswoman for the airline said was an \" extremely rare \" event and the diversion was \" precautionary \" . The flight later landed safely in Agadir . Liam Bolton , 27 , from Chester in Cheshire , was travelling to Morocco for a holiday with girlfriend when heard a \" sudden crack \" on the aircraft . said the plane \" lit up like someone had taken a photo \" . \" was about 10-15 minutes after take-off and was a large flash ... everyone turned round to each other and knew was lightning . \" About half an hour later , the pilot announced 'd been hit by lightning and 'd be landing at Gatwick ,\" said . After around three hours on the runway , the same plane took off , added . Thomson Airways has apologised for any inconvenience caused by the adverse weather conditions .", "Victoria Gayle , 31 , was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body after police discovered the remains of a baby at home last month . Ms Gayle , previously of West Hendon , north London , appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court on Monday afternoon . spoke only to confirm name , address , and date of birth . The court heard a post-mortem examination took place at Great Ormond Street Hospital on 2 June but the cause of death could not yet be determined . Ms Gayle was also charged with perverting the course of justice . was not asked to submit a plea and will appear at Kingston Crown Court on 8 July . The charge follows a case review of an investigation into a child went missing in 2004 , was sparked by the death of another child at an address in Barnet in 2015 . The investigation led to the arrest of a 50-year-old woman in Fryent Crescent , West Hendon in north London . A 52-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of preventing a lawful and decent burial . Both were bailed until mid-July .", "The A344 next to the monument was shut in June to \" restore the dignity \" of the stone circle as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 27m project . Residents of villages including Shrewton and Orcheston say lanes have become \" rat runs \" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303 . Campaigners will collect signatures for a petition this weekend . Janice Hassett , from the Shrewton Traffic Action Group ( Stag ) , said : \" The A344 should not have been closed before the A303 was dualled . \" The A303 at Stonehenge Bottom was bad before , but 's a nightmare now . \" Traffic is stupidly backing up to Thruxton on a holiday weekend . \" Sat-navs are sending people right through villages . 's going to be an accident . \" The petition is asking for \" urgent action \" to be taken to tackle high volumes of non-local traffic using the B3086 through Shrewton , a 20mph speed limit to be introduced and better signage to be installed .", "The Championship side are willing to allow the Scotland international to leave on a free transfer , but are also willing to consider a loan move . The 28-year-old , is out of contract at the end of the season , joined Blues from Swindon in August 2012 . has since played in 159 games for the club , but has been limited to just one appearance this season . \" have had a very good chat ,\" boss Gianfranco Zola told BBC Sport . \" 've told very clearly that do n't mind if wants to stay . \" has players in front of in position , but 've told that If want to stay and fight and deserve to play , then will play . \" Caddis is a player name is imprinted in Birmingham footballing folklore , having scored the late goal at Bolton kept Blues in the Championship on the final day of the season , in May 2014 .", "Australia are in a commanding position after two days of the second Test at Lord 's as look to square the series after England 's win in Cardiff . Johnson , 33 , was named man of the series following Australia 's Ashes win in 2013-14 when took 37 wickets . \" hope so . That 'd be nice , to have those scars come back out ,\" said . Left-arm paceman Johnson had a chastening time at the first Test in Cardiff as finished with match figures of 2-180 . But looked back to something like best at Lord 's with 2-16 from a six-over spell as England recovered from 30-4 to reach 85-4 after Australia had declared on 566-8 . \" Nothing 's changed for . 's always nice to go out there and perform and to bowl at good pace ,\" Johnson added . \" The ball 's been swinging over here too and 've really enjoyed that . When the ball swings at good pace makes a little more difficult . \" also appeared to make light of England 's talk of playing a more attacking style of cricket under new coach Trevor Bayliss . \" were hoping would come out and play the aggressive brand 've been talking about ,\" said . \" hope come out in the morning and do the same thing . \" And added : \" guess Ben Stokes is a very aggressive player anyway so 'd like to see play some shots and hopefully get a couple of quick wickets in the morning . \" ca n't decide for , if want to play aggressive cricket or if want to go the other way . \" England paceman Stuart Broad , took four for 83 in Australia 's first innings , accepted side had succumbed to the pressure of the tourists' huge total . \" 's always a tricky period when 've conceded a lot of runs to then go out and bat for 30 overs ,\" said . \" 's always a big test for and think mentally did n't switch on for 20 minutes - and lost four wickets . \" 'll have a few batsmen in that changing room wishing could face balls again and play pretty differently , think . \"", "Police have confirmed paint was thrown over doors and windows at Crumlin Orange Hall some time between 2300 BST on Monday and 1000 BST on Tuesday . SDLP South Antrim MLA Thomas Burns condemned those behind the attack said was \" pointless \" . \" can only harm and destroy , can only cause pain and hardship and useless expense to taxpayers and ratepayers ,\" said .", "The third death was announced on Monday and five are critically ill in hospital , following the event in Haaksbergen in Overijssel province . Video footage shows the modified pick-up with outsized tyres driving over a row of cars as part of the show , but then veering off course . A boy , a man and a woman died . Besides the five critically injured are another 18 with lesser injuries , the Haaksbergen mayor 's office said . Helicopters helped ferry the injured to hospitals in three nearby towns . \" A so-called monster truck drove into a crowd of spectators . A terrible accident with two dead victims ,\" town authorities said on website on Sunday . Video of the accident posted on social media showed the truck revving hard and then riding over six cars before suddenly heading towards spectators were separated from the show by metal barriers . Screaming , some managed to get away but others had no time to escape . The driver of the truck has been detained and an inquiry has been opened , police said , quoted by local media .", "Frank Field said Jeremy Corbyn was in touch on \" economic injustices \" but warned of an electoral \" walloping \" over security and migration . Mr Corbyn is against Britain 's nuclear weapons system and has called on the UK to accept more refugees . Meanwhile , a former Labour pollster has criticised the party 's report into why lost the election . Deborah Mattinson told the BBC 's Sunday Politics research had not been included in the review , led by Dame Margaret Beckett , and branded a \" whitewash and a massive missed opportunity \" . Labour said the Beckett report had \" consulted far and wide \" , taking input from pollsters , pundits and academics . Mr Field , a former welfare minister , campaigns on migration issues alongside Conservative MP Sir Nicholas Soames . In a Sunday Telegraph article , call for an end to the UK 's \" open-door policy \" , warning of a risk to social cohesion unless immigration is reduced . told Sky News : \" On the big issues , sadly , will decide the next election , is about defending borders and defending as a nation , the Labour opposition looks as if is walking in the opposite direction . \" Clearly that is going to have to be sorted out before the next election if are not to get a walloping yet again . \" Speaking on the BBC 's Sunday Politics , Michael Dugher , was sacked as shadow culture secretary in Mr Corbyn 's reshuffle , said the Labour leader \" faces a big test \" in the May elections . Mr Dugher said Mr Corbyn had to be given a chance because of \" huge mandate from party members \" , but said had to show could convert this into support from the public , including Conservative voters . Speaking to John Pienaar on BBC Radio 5 Live , former front-bencher Chuka Umunna said May 's elections would be \" essential \" but said Mr Corbyn was \" elected by members and deserves a chance to show can do \" . also said was \" unfair \" to call the report into Labour 's election defeat a whitewash .", "Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service , employs about 700 people , may also lose 50-60 on-call firefighters as part of the savings plan . The number of full-time crewed stations was reduced to four in a previous round of cuts - two remain in Ipswich , along with Lowestoft and Bury St Edmunds . A public consultation on Suffolk County Council 's plans will now take place . Seven of the county 's 47 fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of the \u00a3 1.3m cuts . A fire engine in Sudbury , where a major fire broke out in September , could be replaced with a smaller \" rapid response \" vehicle . Matthew Hicks , of Suffolk County Council , said was confident an \" outstanding service \" could be maintained . \" Without question , this is a challenging set of proposals ,\" said . \" However , have been shaped by the feedback received during the recent pre-consultation held in the summer . \" now encourage people to respond to this full consultation so have a wide range of views to inform final decisions . \" has been a fall in the number of emergency calls over the last 10 years in Suffolk , in line with other authorities , from about 10,000 in 2004 to about 6,700 last year . A spokesman for the Suffolk Fire Brigades Union said were \" deeply concerned about the devastating cuts \" , said , were \" nothing but dangerous \" . Chairman Andy Vingoe said : \" The \u00a3 1.3m saving could be avoided totally if council tax was increased by less than \u00a3 1.80 per person in Suffolk per year . \" strongly urge all residents to reply to the consultation to tell the council that are not prepared to endure these cuts . \"", "Speaking to reporters , FBI boss James Comey said the plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations . Lives could depend on police forces continuing to get access to the data on devices used by criminals and terrorists , said . The FBI was talking to both Apple and Google about fears , said Mr Comey . The conversations with tech firms needed to be had before the day when police forces lost access to those devices , said . \" 'd hate to have people look at and say , ' Well how come ca n't save this kid ? ' ' How come ca n't do this thing ?'\" said Mr Comey in a briefing . comments came in reaction to a decision by Apple to enable a file encryption system on iOS 8 software for has no keys . This means would not be able to comply with any official request to help police get at the data on those devices . Google has said too is planning to enable a similar encryption system by default on the next version of Android . Mr Comey said was \" very concerned \" about these plans because of would allow people to do . \" concerns about this is companies marketing something expressly to allow people to place beyond the law ,\" said . \" am a huge believer in the rule of law , but am also a believer that no-one in this country is beyond the law ,\" added . Apple and Google have yet to respond to Mr Comey 's comments . Ten days prior to Mr Comey 's press statement , iOS data forensics expert Jonathan Zdziarski pointed out that Apple 's encryption system would not stop police getting at data on portable devices . Specifically weakening security systems just to aid the police was a bad decision , said . \" For the sake of privacy and overall security , the only logical solution is to make products as secure as possible , and let good detective work do the crime solving , rather than an easy button ,\" wrote in a blogpost .", "Cheap miniature versions of the unmanned aircraft used by the military could fall into the wrong hands , told the UK 's Guardian newspaper . Quarrelling neighbours , suggested , might end up buzzing each other with private surveillance drones . also warned of the risk of terrorists using the new technology . Mr Schmidt is believed to have close relations with US President Barack Obama , advises on matters of science and technology . \" 're having a dispute with neighbour ,\" told The Guardian in an interview printed on Saturday . \" How would feel if neighbour went over and bought a commercial observation drone can launch from backyard . just flies over house all day . How would feel about ? \" Warning of mini-drones' potential as a terrorist weapon , said : \" 'm not going to pass judgment on whether armies should exist , but would prefer to not spread and democratise the ability to fight war to every single human being . \" \" 's got to be regulated ... 's one thing for governments , have some legitimacy in 're doing , but have other people doing ... 's not going to happen . \" Small drones , such as flying cameras , are already available worldwide , and non-military surveillance were recently introduced to track poachers in the remote Indian state of Assam . The US and Israel have led the way in recent years in using drones as weapons of war as well as for surveillance . America 's Federal Aviation Administration is currently exploring how commercial drones , or unmanned aircraft systems , can be safely introduced into US airspace .", "Norah Boyle , 85 , suffered a head injury as Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma put to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton . died 23 days later . The workers delayed calling 999 and pretended Mrs Boyle knocked head on the head board . must do 160 hours' unpaid work and pay \u00c2 \u00a3 500 court costs each . The pair were not prosecuted for being responsible for the fall , but for being \" grossly negligent in response \" . Mrs Boyle died in hospital after developing pneumonia . In sentencing , judge Mark Wall said was impossible to say whether reporting the incident any earlier would have made any difference to Mrs Boyle 's eventual death . daughter , Ellen Boyle , said : \" 'm appalled that that 's got for happened to mum . \" 'm appalled that mother 's life is only worth 12 months of a community order . \" Speaking after the court hearing Det Sgt Victoria Lee said the pair had delayed calling an ambulance while came up with a cover story . \" While [ Duncan and Ouma ] plotted , Mrs Boyle laid in bed with a serious head injury , head bleeding onto the pillow ,\" said . \" Most of have relatives are frail , disabled or vulnerable\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 expect to be cared for professionally and compassionately . \" Duncan , 40 , of Shartlands Close , Cotteridge , and Ouma , 31 , of Summerfield Crescent , Edgbaston , had pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing at Birmingham Crown Court to neglect and ill-treatment .", "The game features cards with a series of quiz questions , but some of the answers given are incorrect . One answer claims the moon is 225 miles away from the earth - instead of about 238,900 miles . Manufacturers Paul Lamond Games said \" unreservedly apologise \" and added replacement cards would be issued . is understood at least six of the 50 answers in one round of the game - costs \u00c2 \u00a3 19.99 - are incorrect . One answer placed Stonehenge in Somerset instead of Wiltshire and a maths question suggested two cubed was bigger than three squared . also said Albert Einstein died in 1949 instead of 1955 and gave the number of Coronation Street episodes to date as 8,000 , when the actual figure is more than 9,000 . One customer bought the game told The Sun : \" could n't believe , the answers are so ridiculous ... [ but ] the kids wo n't accept the game could possibly be wrong . \" A representative for Paul Lamond Games told the BBC : \" have been made aware of some mistakes with the answers to the questions within the first production run of this game . \" \" These have now been corrected and would like to unreservedly apologise for these errors . \" Any affected customer can email stating name and full address and will send out a replacement set of corrected cards free of charge . \" The company 's email address is available on official website . Ant & Dec - full names are Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly - have hosted Saturday Night Takeaway on ITV since 2002 , although the show took a four-year break from 2009 . Follow on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Some 1,500 officers have been deployed to the Olympic Stadium area , authorities have said . Officials are in high alert following Tuesday 's attacks in Brussels . Last year , a friendly between Germany and the Netherlands in Hannover was called off two hours before start due to a security threat , four days after the Paris attacks . One of the targets in Paris was the Stade de France , where Germany were playing France in a friendly match . Some 72,000 people are expected to attend Saturday 's match in Berlin between two of the favourites for June 's Euro 2016 . In the hours ahead of the game , fans gathered around the stadium amid a heavy security presence . face security checks and bag searches before entering the arena . \" This is of course a very large event drawing lots of people . Like all large events , is a certain risk involved , so are well prepared ,\" Berlin police spokesman Stefan Redlich told Reuters news agency . \" searched the Olympic stadium with dogs trained to sniff out explosives before let the fans in . So can be relatively certain that are no dangerous objects in the stadium . \"", "The firm filed an application with the Hong Kong stock exchange on Thursday in a bid to boost growth in one of the world 's fastest growing movie markets . Imax 's China profits jumped nearly 30 % last year , according to the filing . has been rapidly expanding in the Greater China region , nearly doubling the number of theatres since 2012 . March figures indicate Imax has 239 theatres in China , Hong Kong and Taiwan , but the company says is planning to build another 219 theatres in China . News of the listing comes as box office revenue in the world 's second largest economy jumped 36 % last year to $ 4.9bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.2bn ) , is nearly three times more than was 2010 . The parent company is already listed in New York and shares rose as much as 9 % after the announcement .", "Officers seized the Maserati GranCabrio - a basic model of can cost up to \u00a3 100,000 new - on King 's Road in Kingston on suspicion of having no insurance . The Met said the car was impounded and the owner would be summoned to court . If found guilty the owner , has not been named , faces a minimum \u00a3 300 fine and six points on licence A Kingston Police spokesman said the driver was pulled over because officers thought the car seemed very expensive for a learner to be driving . In March , a \" gold fleet \" including a Lamborghini Aventador , a Mercedes G63 6x6 and a Bentley Flying Spur were all spotted in Knightsbridge with parking tickets on windscreens .", "\" 's surreal , man , really is ,\" said Gennett , the first Reds player to achieve the feat and also tied a club record with 10 runs batted in . \" 'm truly blessed . Being from here , born here . 's an honour for sure . \" No player has ever hit more than four in a game - Bobby Lowe was the first , for Boston Beaneaters on 30 May , 1894 . Josh Hamilton was the most recent to tie the record , for Texas against Baltimore on 8 May , 2012 .", "Mark Gilmore was suspended in June 2014 by the county 's police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts in Northern Ireland . PCC Mark Burns-Williamson said prosecutors had concluded was no criminal case for the chief constable to answer . However , Mr Gilmore will not return to post immediately . In a statement , Mr Burns-Williamson said : \" remains however a legal requirement for to consider conduct matters in relation to the police standards of professional behaviour and an independent investigation will be carried out by Lancashire Police . \" While this conduct investigation takes place Mark Gilmore has agreed to work on a transition project for the National Police Chiefs' Council ( NPCC ) and to delegate day-to-day operational control of West Yorkshire Police to deputy Dee Collins has , in absence , acted as the temporary chief constable . \" The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) had arrested a total of seven men on suspicion of offences including bribery , misconduct in public office and procuring misconduct in public office . Mr Gilmore , originally from Belfast , joined the Royal Ulster Constabulary , the predecessor of the PSNI , in 1983 . was appointed Chief Constable of West Yorkshire in April 2013 .", "is the first American Secretary of State to visit the city . In a meeting with Somalia 's president under tight security at the airport , said : \" Next time come , have to be able to just walk downtown \" . The US backs the Somali government in fight against Islamist militant group al-Shabab , still controls many rural parts of southern Somalia . African news as happens : 5 May 2015 The meeting with President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud and civil leaders was held at Mogadishu airport , as Mr Kerry is n't leaving heavily fortified perimeters . Mr Kerry said : \" visited Somalia today because country is turning around \" . The more recent changes pointed out were Somali forces pushing al-Shabab out of big towns and a \" determined international effort \" to put virtually all of Somalia 's pirates out of business . BBC Somalia analyst Mary Harper says the US plays a crucial if controversial role in Somalia , supporting the weak central government in fight against al-Shabab . Al-Shabab leaders have been killed in US drone strikes . correspondent points out that America is careful to take a less visible role than did in the 1990s , when the bodies of US servicemen were dragged through the streets of Mogadishu .", "Elizabeth Timar , 18 , was last seen near Blackpool Sands at 19:45 BST on Monday . Romanian Ms Timar , from Exeter , had been \" at the beach for the afternoon with a male \" , said Devon and Cornwall Police . The force has carried out a major air and sea search with help from RNLI coastguards and Dartmoor Search and Rescue Group . Ms Timar was last seen wearing a black coat with a red top underneath , blue jeans , and carrying a handbag . A force spokesman said : \" If anybody was in the area on Monday and saw a young female acting strangely then please get in touch . \"", "Matthew Daley , 35 , denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock , 79 , in Findon , near Worthing , last July , claiming diminished responsibility . Lewes Crown Court heard that rather than having Asperger 's syndrome had an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness was undiagnosed for years . Forensic psychiatrist Dr Roderick Ley made the assessment after the stabbing . Mr Lock , a retired solicitor , was stabbed after crashing at about 16mph into the back of Mr Daley 's car on the A24 in West Sussex on 16 July . was forced to brake suddenly after Mr Daley made an emergency stop . The great-grandfather , had recently been given the all-clear from prostate cancer , died at the scene . The trial has heard how Mr Daley , formerly of St Elmo Road , Worthing , had been suffering from mental health problems for 10 years , and family had \" pleaded \" with experts to section . On Monday , Dr Ley told jurors : \" 's clear that the diagnosis of Asperger 's was wrong . \" has an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness was undiagnosed for many , many years . \" said Mr Daley was not psychotic every moment of every day , and would often \" downplay \" symptoms . However , Dr Ley agreed that exhibited \" narcissistic \" , \" histrionic \" and \" self-centred \" traits , adding that was unlikely would ever have complete resolution of illness . Another expert , consultant forensic psychiatrist Dr Philip Joseph , said was satisfied on all the evidence had seen that Mr Daley was not psychotic at the time of the killing . Jurors also head from Mr Daley 's father , said son had never been a violent person . John Daley described as a \" nice guy \" was affectionate to family and animals . said Mr Daley was \" scrupulously honest in all dealings with others , honest to a fault in that finds difficult to lie about things \" . told the court that first became worried about son 's mental health when reported hearing voices . Mr Daley said started a journal , partly to keep track of son 's treatment . \" The second reason for having the document was , as time went on , was clear that Matthew 's life expectations were draining away and did n't want to be in 80s and look back saying , ' did do '?\" The trial continues .", "The 48-year-old took had been in charge of Posh since replacing Dave Robertson in September and lifted the club as high as the play-off places in January . But have since fallen to 14th in the table and have lost four of last five matches . Assistant Grant McCann will take charge for the final two games of the season . Westley was asked by BBC Radio Cambridgeshire if felt increased pressure following Saturday 's defeat and said : \" come to work every day and feel pressure , put pressure on . \" do n't like losing football matches , but know the job here . The job is to build long-term winning . \" Right now the job is to get young players on the pitch , to give a chance to succeed and to grow , and that 's 've done ( against Scunthorpe ) . \" 'll be lessons learned by all of the players , and if 're going to be a successful club next year , then need the young players to step up to the plate and the experience now will be useful for . \" The former Stevenage and Preston boss began career at the ABAX Stadium with 10 wins from first 14 matches in all competitions . However , after losing to West Brom in a FA Cup fourth-round replay on penalties and the January sale of forward Conor Washington , still the club 's top scorer this season with 15 , Posh lost six of next seven league matches . After a brief run of three straight victories , the club 's form dipped again , leading chairman Darragh MacAnthony to say \" employ over 300 people at Peterborough United , not one of those employees right now has a job in the summer \" . Earlier this week , Westley also bemoaned side 's poor discipline - the worst record in the Football League with 104 yellow cards and seven reds - saying was costing games . A brief statement on the Peterborough website read : \" The club would like to thank Graham for efforts on behalf of the football club . \" Chairman Darragh MacAnthony will take time to speak to prospective candidates for the vacant manager position . \"", "The new network will see up to 21 US-style local TV stations in areas including Belfast , Edinburgh , Cardiff and London . The service will be available to all terrestrial viewers and may also be offered on satellite , cable and online . Ofcom said will decide on successful applicants this autumn , with the new channels expected to launch next year . Licences will be awarded based on a set of criteria including the provision of local news and current affairs , programme proposals , launch date and commercial viability . The 21 areas Ofcom have selected for local TV are : Belfast , Birmingham , Brighton & Hove , Bristol , Cardiff , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Grimsby , Leeds , Liverpool and London . Manchester , Newcastle , Norwich , Nottingham , Oxford , Plymouth , Preston , Sheffield , Southampton and Swansea will also benefit from the service . The areas were selected for having sufficient levels of interest from potential operators and being technically capable of receiving a local TV service . The BBC Trust also published the final details of funding contribution for the network . As part of the current licence fee settlement , the BBC agreed to contribute up to \u00c2 \u00a3 25 million for the successful bidder to build the network . \" hope to see some really exciting bids for new local TV channels ,\" UK Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt said . \" Local TV will not only create jobs but will also provide communities with news and content is relevant to daily lives . \"", "The pilot was flying solo during a training flight on Thursday and radioed for assistance while returning to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire . The Hawk jet was promptly joined by another aircraft from the same squadron as a wingman to provide guidance . then flew in formation and landed safely . The RAF has offered no further details on the condition of the pilot . A spokesman said : \" Flying in formation , and conducting an approach to land as a formation , is a daily skill practised by RAF fast jet pilots . \"", "New Healthway , a book on hygiene and health aimed at 11 and 12 year-olds , is printed by one of India 's leading publishers . Academics have urged the government to exercise greater control . But the authorities say schools should monitor content as are responsible for the choice of textbooks . \" This is poisonous for children ,\" Janaki Rajan of the Faculty of Education at Jamia Millia University in Delhi told the BBC . \" The government has the power to take action , but are washing hands of ,\" said . is not known Indian schools have bought the book for students , but correspondents say is worrying is that such a book is available to students . \" The strongest argument that meat is not essential food is the fact that the Creator of this Universe did not include meat in the original diet for Adam and Eve . gave fruits , nuts and vegetables ,\" reads a chapter entitled Do Need Flesh Food ? The chapter details the \" benefits \" of a vegetarian diet and goes on to list \" some of the characteristics \" found among non-vegetarians . \" easily cheat , tell lies , forget promises , are dishonest and tell bad words , steal , fight and turn to violence and commit sex crimes ,\" says . The chapter , full of factual inaccuracies , refers to Eskimos ( Inuit ) as \" lazy , sluggish and short-lived \" , because live on \" a diet largely of meat \" . adds : \" The Arabs helped in constructing the Suez Canal lived on wheat and dates and were superior to the beef-fed Englishmen engaged in the same work . \" The publishers , S Chand , did not respond to the BBC 's requests for a comment .", "The pedestrian was hit at the Texaco garage on Roman Farm Road , Hengrove , on Tuesday evening and trapped by the car until stopped on Creswicke Road . Shakrun Islam , 30 , of Chipping Sodbury , is due before Bristol Crown Court on Friday . was remanded in custody . The victim , Kyle Clarke , died at the scene from injuries . mother , Helen Stockford , said in a family statement : \" would like to thank the public and the emergency services for all support on Tuesday night . \" would ask the media for privacy at this time to allow to grieve in peace . \"", "23 March 2017 Last updated at 14:55 GMT", "Joao Santana was widely seen as the architect of Ms Rousseff 's 2010 and 2014 election victories . has denied receiving bribes in a scheme to divert funds from the state-run oil company Petrobras . About 50 Brazilian politicians , including the leader of the lower house of Congress , are under investigation in the Petrobras corruption scandal . Mr Santana is accused of receiving bribes from several large engineering conglomerates . Analysts say the charge against is a further blow for President Rousseff is facing impeachment proceedings . was arrested in February after returned from the Dominican Republic , where was working on the re-election campaign of President Danilo Medina . Because of proximity to , the arrest is expected to damaged standing further , even though impeachment proceedings against are not related to the Petrobras corruption investigation . A former journalist , Mr Santana is well known for producing dramatic , big-budget campaign videos appealing to poorer voters . Mr Santana had called the accusations \" unfounded \" . And had harsh words for the investigation , saying that Brazil was currently living in a \" climate of persecution \" . If the investigating judge accepts the allegations against , Mr Santana will be jailed . In Brasilia , a special Senate commission has begun hearings ahead of a vote on whether the whole Senate should take on impeachment proceedings against President Rousseff . A plenary Senate vote is widely expected to take place around 11 May . Across the country , pro-government supporters blocked major roads in cities in nine Brazilian states during Thursday 's morning rush-hour to call for the halt of impeachment proceedings against President Rousseff . In Sao Paulo , the city saw hundreds of kilometres of traffic jams formed behind roadblocks of burning tyres .", "The appeal , from Interpol , is part of an effort to track down individuals involved in illegal fishing , logging and wildlife trafficking . The trade in wildlife crime is said to be worth around $ 213bn per annum , according to the UN . This is the first time that individuals have been targeted . Investigators from 21 countries gathered at Interpol 's headquarters in France in October to share information on suspects involved in a range of crimes involving the environment . Called Operation Infra Terra , the agency is now asking for assistance from the public in tracking down nine key suspects . \" Even the smallest detail , might think is insignificant , has the potential to break a case wide open when combined with other evidence the police already have ,\" said Ioannis Kokkinis , from Interpol . \" Sometimes all takes is a fresh pair of eyes to bring new momentum to an investigation and provide the missing clue will help locate these wanted individuals , some of have been evading justice for years ,\" added . One of those named is Feisal Mohammed Ali , alleged to be the leader of an ivory smuggling ring in Kenya . is being sought in connection with the seizure of 314 ivory pieces , weighing well over two tonnes in Mombasa in June . Others on the list include Ahmed Kamran was charged with an attempt to smuggle over 100 live animals , including giraffes and impalas , to Qatar on a military plane . Ariel Bustamante Sanchez is alleged to have been involved in illegal tuna fishing in protected waters off Costa Rica . The move has been welcomed by Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) . are concerned not just with the impact of environmental crime on species but also with the effect on political stability . \" Countries are increasingly treating wildlife crime as a serious offence , and will leave no stone unturned to locate and arrest these criminals to ensure that are brought to justice ,\" said Ben Janse van Rensburg from Cites . \" The public can play a crucial role in this collective effort , eyes and ears on the ground . support can help ensure that the offenders face the full might of the law and are punished appropriately . \" Member of the public have any information on the possible location of the fugitives can use this form to contact Interpol . Information can also be given anonymously to any national crime stoppers programme . Follow Matt on Twitter @ mattmcgrathbbc .", "The preliminary Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index ( PMI ) fell to 47 in September , below forecasts of 47.5 and down from 47.3 in August . A reading below 50 indicates contraction in the sector , while one above shows expansion . The Shanghai Composite dropped 2.2 % to 3,115.89 on the disappointing data . The private survey also marked the seventh consecutive month of contraction in the sector . In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index closed down 2.3 % at 21,302.91 . Japanese markets are closed for a three-day public holiday and will reopen on Thursday . In Australia , shares in mining companies were hit by falling commodity prices . Oil prices continued to decline after US crude fell 2 % overnight on global growth concerns , while copper prices slipped further on slowing Chinese demand . Sydney 's S & P / ASX 200 index closed down 2.1 % at 4,998.10 . In South Korea , the Kospi index ended 1.9 % lower at 1,944.64 following the release of the data from China .", "The 40-year-old former New Zealand player is currently forwards coach at Clermont Auvergne and previously held a similar position at Leinster . Gibbes will work under director of rugby Les Kiss , while current head coach Neil Doak 's future is unclear . \" The respect have for Les as a coach and person was one of main reasons for making this decision ,\" said Gibbs . Ulster are sixth in the Pro12 table and out of the European Champions Cup in has been a largely disappointing season . \" Les sold vision of where wants to take Ulster over the next few years ,\" added Gibbes . \" Ulster is a team know well , having come up against on a number of occasions . The Clermont-Ulster games this season gave an insight into the strengths of the squad and 's exciting to think that 'll be part of that environment from next season . \" Gibbes , joined Leinster in 2008 and won three Heineken Cups during spell in Dublin , said : \" With six years at Leinster and three at Clermont in the Top 14 , 've been afforded many different experiences , working with some very talented coaches and players . \" hope to apply 've learned to the role at Ulster and family and are looking forward to integrating into a strong community in Belfast . \" moved to France in 2014 and was part of a coaching set-up guided Clermont to the Top 14 and Champions Cup finals in debut season . \" Jono 's CV speaks for and know that 's looking forward to joining Ulster and working with the team ,\" said Kiss , 52 . \" Since retirement from playing , Jono has had an integral role in the coaching teams of two of European rugby 's most successful sides . \" Jono 's expertise as a forwards coach is obvious , however wealth of knowledge in other areas of the game will be really important for . \" \" A review of the coaching structure is ongoing ahead of next season and the appointment of Jono as head coach is the first part of that process . \" A further announcement will be made in the coming weeks , will focus on getting the right balance in coaching team . \"", "Two were picked up by a coastguard helicopter high up on the 3,196ft ( 974 metre ) Munro . Lomond Mountain Rescue Team located two others on the lower slopes . Mountain weather forecasters were predicting winds of up to 80mph with frequent snow showers at summit level in western Scotland for Wednesday .", "The $ 43bn (\u00a3 33bn ) deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover by a Chinese company . The deal was cleared by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) checks deals for national security implications . About a quarter of Syngenta 's sales are in North America . China National Chemical Corporation offered $ 465 per share for Syngenta in February . Syngenta 's shares subsequently fell to about 20 % below that because of concerns that CFIUS would not clear the deal . However , now competition authorities elsewhere are expected to give the deal the go-ahead . In a joint statement , Syngenta and ChemChina said : \" In addition to CFIUS clearance , the closing of the transaction is subject to anti-trust review by numerous regulators around the world and other customary closing conditions . \" Both companies are working closely with the regulatory agencies involved and discussions remain constructive . The proposed transaction is expected to close by the end of the year . \" When the deal was announced earlier this year , Syngenta chairman Michel Demar\u00e9 said that would help the company 's pesticides and seeds business to expand further in China . \" ChemChina has a very ambitious vision of the industry in the future ,\" said . \" Obviously is very interested in securing food supply for 1.5 billion people and as a result knows that only technology can get there . \" The Chinese company owns a variety of businesses , included the Italian tyre maker Pirelli , German machinery-maker KarussMaffei and Israel 's biggest pesticides producer . The deal would be the second-biggest takeover in the chemicals industry in the past year after the $ 130bn Dow Chemical-DuPont merger announced last December .", "The 32-year-old had been playing in the Isthmian Premier Division with Leatherhead following release by Newport at the end of last season . Pidgeley has made 260 appearances in spells with nine clubs , including Chelsea , Watford and Millwall . Forest Green are currently second in the National League table , one point behind leaders Cheltenham Town . Pidgeley could make Rovers debut when host Aldershot on Friday .", "The crash , happened at the Rising Sun in North Bradley near Trowbridge at about 06:00 GMT , left a huge hole in the front of the building . Wiltshire Police said the driver was taken to Bath 's Royal United Hospital for treatment to injuries , are not thought to be serious . Nobody was inside at the time of the crash , officers said . The building has been deemed to be structurally safe . The road next to the pub was closed for several hours but has since reopened .", "Davis has made 14 appearances for the Cod Army since joining on loan in October , and recently agreed to extend stay until the end of the season . The 22-year-old signed for Leicester from Port Vale in 2014 , but did not feature for the first team . \" 'm delighted that 's all been done now and can concentrate on football ,\" told the club website . \" stated from the start that 'd be really interested in staying with the club , and 'm just over the moon to be here now . \" The length of Davis' deal with Fleetwood has not been disclosed . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "The former Scotland Under-21 international was released by Crystal Palace after failed to make an appearance during two years . Kettings , 23 , spent three months on loan at National League side Bromley last season , playing 14 times . is the sixth new signing since Northern Ireland assistant Stephen Robinson was appointed as manager . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "The week-long pre-trial hearing at Guantanamo Bay will largely focus on issues of secrecy . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is accused of masterminding the attacks while the others are implicated for providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking . In May , a chaotic hearing in the case lasted 13 hours . During that hearing , formally charged the five men , the defendants made defiant outbursts and refused to answer the judge 's questions or use the translation system . In addition to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , defendants Ramzi Binalshibh , Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi , Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali and Waleed bin Attash are being prosecuted in a special military tribunal for wartime offences known as a military commission . are charged with conspiring with al-Qaeda , terrorism , and one count of murder for each known victim of the 11 September attacks at the time the charges were filed - 2,976 in total . The five face a possible death penalty sentence if convicted . CIA waterboarding tapes revealed On Monday , the defendants listened calmly and answered the judge 's questions , although Khalid Sheikh Mohammed said : \" do n't think 's any justice in this court . \" Defence lawyers argued during the hearing that clients should not be forced to attend the rest of the week 's hearings , because the forcible transport from high-security cells may remind of time at secret CIA prisons . Before transfer to the US base at Guantanamo Bay in 2006 , the defendants were held for years in secret CIA prisons . All five have said were tortured during interrogations . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was repeatedly water-boarded before being brought to Guantanamo . \" have to talk about torture ,\" Air Force Captain Michael Schwartz , a defence lawyer , said on Monday . But Judge James Pohl said the issue was not relevant at this stage . Prosecution lawyers have said the use of waterboarding and similar methods could be relevant when determining whether prisoners' statements were voluntarily given . The court is also expected to hear a defence request to abolish term a \" presumptive classification \" treats any discussion of the CIA prisons as top secret , as well as a media request to limit closing of the courtroom for secret sessions . Judge Pohl ultimately ruled that the defendants would not be forced to attend hearings scheduled to run through the end of this week , but did not rule out further pre-trial hearings . said all would have to be present for trial , is not likely to start for more than a year .", "The star is up for the main prize , album of the year , for ambitious visual album , Lemonade , tackles themes of race and female identity . single Formation is also up for song and record of the year . In all three categories , is up against Adele - previously won the ceremony 's top three prizes in 2012 . Beyonce now has 62 Grammy nominations across work as a solo artist and as part of Destiny 's Child , making the fourth most-nominated artist ever . has won 20 trophies altogether , although has yet to clinch the album of the year prize , having been beaten to the title by Beck in 2015 - much to the disgust of Kanye West , stormed the stage in protest . West receives eight nominations this year for album The Life Of Pablo - all in the rap categories . Drake and Rihanna also have eight nominations , including three for hit collaboration , Work . Making Grammy history is Chicago-born musician Chance The Rapper , album Coloring Book is the first streaming-only record to be recognised by the Recording Academy . achieves seven nominations , including best new artist , without ever releasing a physical album or digital download . Beyonce and Adele go head to head with Justin Bieber , Drake and country star Sturgill Simpson in the best album category . If Adele wins , will become only the second woman to receive the best album prize twice , after Taylor Swift . Notably absent from the shortlist is David Bowie , was tipped to win for critically-acclaimed Blackstar album . The record does make an appearance in the best alternative album category , as does Radiohead 's A Moon Shaped Pool . Coldplay have also fared badly , receiving just one nomination - best music video - despite selling millions of copies of latest album , A Head Full Of Dreams . Prince receives a posthumous nomination for final album , Hit N Run Phase Two , in the best engineered , non-classical category , where Blackstar also makes the shortlist . British star James Corden will host the 2017 Grammy Awards , take place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on Sunday , 12 February . Album Of The Year Record Of The Year Song Of The Year Best New Artist Best alternative album Best pop album Best rap album Follow on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "David Cameron said a stadium would \" inspire young people , brings jobs and wealth \" to the county . Labour said was a \" cynical \" attempt to distract voters , the Liberal Democrats questioned where the funds would come from , and Mebyon Kernow said did not believe the Tory 's promise . Recent planning rows have left the future of the stadium in question . In March , Cornwall councillors deferred a decision to grant permission to build a supermarket would have paid for the facility , supporters claimed had put the plans in jeopardy . Revised proposals for the stadium at West Langarth are expected to be submitted to the council in May . Mr Cameron said planned to get the Department of Culture , Media and Sport to work with Sport England , Cornwall Council and local sports teams to find a way to get built . \" The stadium proposal is an exciting one . If takes some extra money 'd make that money available ,\" added . However , Stuart Roden , Labour candidate for Truro and Falmouth , said : \" This announcement today is a cynical empty promise and will come to nothing . \" is simply more smoke and mirrors and people wo n't be taken for fools by this unfunded distraction . \" Simon Rix , is standing for the Lib Dems in the constituency , told BBC News : \" 'm massively in favour of a stadium in the right place if can get the money . \" But 's like the Conservative promises on the NHS , 're not saying where the money 's going to come from . \" Stephen Richardson , is standing for Mebyon Kernow in Truro and Falmouth , said : \" have to excuse if do n't believe a single syllable of any David Cameron promise during the election campaign . \" Click here for more information on the constituency and a full list of candidates .", "Rooney , 28 , is considering an offer would make the highest paid player in United 's history . The England striker is in the final 18 months of \u00a3 250,000-a-week contract and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho remains interested in signing . United and Rooney hope to conclude contract talks in the coming week . Rooney , joined United from Everton in August 2004 , is the fourth-highest goalscorer in United history . However , according to former United manager Sir Alex Ferguson , Rooney asked for a transfer towards the end of last season . was linked with a move to Chelsea last summer and the Blues had a bid rejected by United . Rooney scored 11 goals in 24 games for United this season before being sidelined by an injury has kept out since 1 January .", "The 25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U 's last season , but has not played a game this term . The Stags say the deal contains an option to agree a permanent move . \" This is a young man first tried to sign when was scoring goals in the Scottish Premier League for Dundee ,\" manager Steve Evans told the club website . Media playback is not supported on this device Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "The aircraft , nicknamed \" Bette \" after one of pilot 's girlfriends , was built in 1941 from donations from the Borough of Lambeth Spitfire Fund . was stationed in Cornwall , Hampshire , Norfolk and Shropshire during the war but crashed in 1944 . Bidding stalled below \u00c2 \u00a3 120,000 to \u00c2 \u00a3 150,000 valuation . The aircraft saw service with four RAF squadrons between 1941 and 1944 and was flown by author Alec Lumsden , gave the name Bette and added a character from the Daily Mirror cartoon strip ' Just Jake ' to the paint work . After crashed in Shropshire in September 1944 , killing Australian pilot , wreckage was taken to Ibsley museum , Ringwood , Hampshire and displayed . The aircraft was later passed to a collector showed at events . has also been immortalised by modelmakers Airfix and Revell . John Tomlin , from Historics at Brooklands , said : \" The historical side of war birds is an up-and-coming market . are now about 42 flying Spitfires and this seems to be increasing ever year . \" The rarity , the history and the provenance of all these aircraft make very investable items and 're investments can be used and enjoyed by a lot of people . \" Experts believe would cost about \u00c2 \u00a3 1.8m to fully restore the plane .", "The boar - has a moving head - is one of a number of animated replica creatures at Mountfitchet Castle . Staff at the site , an open air museum , were surprised to find two nests had been created next to the arc of belly . Owner Jeremy Goldsmith said seeing the hatched chicks on Thursday morning had been a \" lovely surprise \" for staff . said remained unclear why the hens had made the nests next to the boar , though was likely chose because was a secluded spot with straw , and perhaps for a sense of protection from the replica animal The chicks have been seen playing on top of the boar 's back and head .", "While limits recruitment from outside the EU , has \" stimulated recruitment \" from EU countries , the home affairs select committee said . Net migration rose by 30 % in the year to June , to 336,000 - more than three times David Cameron 's intended target . The PM has said will not abandon aim to reduce the figure to 100,000 . Under the immigration cap , introduced in 2011 , the number of \" tier 2 \" visas issued to skilled workers from non-EU countries is limited to 20,700 a year . But a report by the select committee concluded the limit had been \" counter-productive \" . added that \" a large number \" of applications from nurses with job offers in the UK were being rejected because of limits on the number of visas issued each month . Committee chairman Keith Vaz said the government 's immigration cap was having \" no effect \" on bringing down net migration - the difference between those coming into the country and those going out each year - but \" could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter \" . said : \" When the cap was reached earlier this year , saw the perverse effects of the system , as the cap prioritises higher-paid jobs . \" In June , nurses were being prevented from working in the UK , necessitated the government taking emergency measures to allow recruitment to continue . \" Whilst this was a very welcome move , is clear to see that the system could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter . \" A system encourages panicked adjustments to be functional is not fit for purpose . Nurses should remain on the shortage occupation list . \" A total of 641,000 people moved to the UK in 2014 , the Office for National Statistics said .", "The breakdown service , also reported a rise in personal memberships of 0.4 % to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of January , said had so far absorbed the price rise . Insurance premium tax ( IPT ) was 6 % in 2015 , but is going up to 12 % from June . The AA said would look at fees if the tax increased again . \" have managed to protect members ,\" the AA explained . \" But this is an industry-wide challenge and will need to review pricing policy in the context of any future increase in IPT . \" The increase in memberships - an \" important milestone \" , according to the company - halted a long-standing drop in figures . came after the AA signed up more members , with a 19 % rise in new business year-on-year , and kept more existing customers , with retention rate improving to 82 % . added that was a 5 % rise in the number of breakdown call-outs in the 12 months to the end of January , again reversing a trend of gradual decline , described as \" unhelpful for costs in the short term \" . However , the company explained that this did increase the chances of people renewing membership . The AA has been investing in technology , with more than a fifth of members ( 22 %) using app in breakdowns , while newly-launched in-house underwriter recorded 115,000 car insurance policies in first year , more than expected .", "Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury . In the UK , an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April . However , this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable , determined by the moon 's cycle . Easter is the most important Christian festival , as celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ following death by crucifixion on Good Friday . The archbishop said was in talks with Pope Francis , Coptic leader Pope Tawadros , and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew . Mr Welby said hoped the change would happen \" in between five and 10 years time \" . \" would love to see before retired \" , said , although warned the first attempt to make such a change was in the 10th Century . An Anglican source told the BBC had been 15 attempts to agree a common date since then . Easter is on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox , meaning can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April . But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar , hence has later Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity . In 1990 , the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date , was subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments . has not yet been reached .", "The anti-IS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently said a water pumping station had been hit , along with the Taj Hall and Furousiya area . IS-linked news agency Amaq also said Raqqa 's water supply had been cut . Russia said bombers had targeted an arms depot , a chemical weapons factory and a training camp . A defence ministry statement said the strikes had inflicted \" significant damage \" and that a large number of militants had been killed . Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently ( RBSS ) , activists have reported on developments on the ground in Raqqa since IS militants seized control of the city in early 2014 , said the water pumping station hit in Thursday 's strikes was located in the nearby village of Kasrat . Residents found water had been cut off \" totally \" afterwards , added . Amaq also reported the \" interruption of the water supply in all neighbourhoods \" . RBSS said 20 civilians had been killed and 50 others wounded in the air strikes , but the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll higher . said 24 civilians had died , along with six others identities could not yet be confirmed . Raqqa , estimated to have a population of between 250,000 and 500,000 , has become the de facto capital of the \" caliphate \" creation was proclaimed by IS two years ago after took control of large swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq . IS militants are currently under pressure from two separate offensives west and north-west of Raqqa by Russian-backed Syrian government forces and an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters supported by the US .", "The 22-year-old has not appeared for Shrewsbury this season , but has played once for Mansfield Town and four times for Wrexham while on loan . Bolton youth product Caton has also played for Blackpool and has loan spells with Accrington and Chester before joining Shrewsbury in 2014 . Caton follows Jamie McCombe , 33 , in signing for the National League side . The centre-back , played 101 games for the club during first spell , has left Stevenage and signed a contract until the end of the 2016-17 season .", "Kirklees Council had been consulting on plans to replace paid staff at seven sites in Huddersfield with volunteers . Protesters gathered outside a council meeting on Wednesday said a survey had showed 66 % of people were opposed to the plan . The council later said would be no changes for three years . Campaigners said the decision was \" wonderful \" . The changes would have affected libraries at Honley , Golcar , Slaithwaite , Lepton , Kirkheaton , Denby Dale and Shepley . Campaigner June Jones said replacing professional library staff with volunteers was not sustainable and was likely to have led to library closures . Ms Jones , of Save Slaithwaite Library , said : \" 's wonderful for communities and are going to be drinking champagne for the next week . \"", "Like-for-like sales were up by 4.9 % during the quarter compared with a year earlier , in part due to the continued success of meal deals . The company said would continue to benefit from \" low cost pressures and a stronger consumer environment \" . But warned that wage pressures could drive costs up next year . Chief executive Roger Whiteside told the BBC that the chain already paid staff more than the national minimum wage , but that rising labour costs would lead to \" longer term inflationary pressure \" . said the business would \" look for cost efficiencies to offset \" any rising costs , but added that labour costs \" held no fear for \" . Shares in Greggs opened sharply higher and continued to climb in afternoon trading . \" The good times continue to roll for Greggs , with the bakery chain posting an impressive third quarter performance , following on from a dynamic 51.3 % increase in first half pre-tax profits ,\" said George Scott at retail analyst Conlumino . The chain said meal deals , where customers can buy a drink together with food at a discount , were proving popular , particularly at breakfast time . Greggs has refitted 158 stores this year , while opening 65 and closing 47 . The company now has 1,668 outlets . \" have the High Street pretty well covered ,\" Mr Whiteside said , so most new openings would be in other areas , such as motorway services and garage forecourts .", "Jung won aboard Sam , was a late replacement when Fischertakinou contracted an infection in July . France 's Astier Nicolas took silver and American Phillip Dutton won bronze as GB 's William Fox-Pitt finished 12th . Fox-Pitt , 47 , was competing just 10 months after being placed in an induced coma following a fall . The three-time Olympic medallist , aboard Chilli Morning , produced a faultless performance in Tuesday 's final show-jumping phase . But the former world number one 's medal bid had already been ruined by a disappointing performance in the cross-country phase on Monday . led after the dressage phase , but dropped to 21st after incurring several time penalties in the cross country . Ireland 's Jonty Evans finished ninth on Cooley Rorkes Drift . Why not come along , meet and ride Henry the mechanical horse at some of the Official Team GB fan parks during the Rio Olympics ? Find out how to get into equestrian with special guide . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "A stake in a local energy business could cost from just \u00c2 \u00a3 5 , and the industry says could generate an annual return of between 6 % and 9 % . The scheme aims to reduce local opposition to renewable energy development . has been developed by the renewable industry alongside community groups . The Shared Ownership Taskforce plan follows similar programmes in Denmark have been running for more than two decades . applies to anything entering the planning system from Monday . More than 70 % of people in the UK nationally say like wind farms , according to a government survey . However , proximity often provokes a different response and the wind farms are frequently considered a blot on the landscape . The government previously insisted that wind farm developers should give local communities \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 a year for every megawatt of energy installed - to support local initiatives . The taskforce goes further by insisting that any new applications entering the planning system must offer to sell part of business to locals - somewhere between 5 and 25 % . This can be in the form of directly-owned shares , crowd-funding or debentures . Nina Skorupska , Chief Executive , Renewable Energy Association welcomes the plan . told BBC News : \" Elsewhere in Europe this is commonplace , so 're very pleased the UK is also working towards this vision of a more open energy market . \" The scheme has been promoted by the Energy and Climate Change Secretary , Edward Davey . said : \" Community energy is revolutionising renewable energy development in the UK , and shared ownership will offer people the opportunity to buy in to the green energy own communities are producing . \" The Vice-Chair of the Taskforce and an associate of Co-operatives UK , Rebecca Willis , said : \" know from experience at grass roots level that 's a substantial appetite among local communities to invest in renewable energy . \" are , though , still likely to be areas where local people will prefer to keep uninterrupted view than to cash in a regular dividend cheque . Local groups facing shale gas developments in area may regard the renewables scheme with interest . Follow Roger Harrabin on Twitter @ rharrabin", "The injured pets needed amputations following air rifle attacks in Cranleigh , Guildford and Woking in March and April . Police said Franky Mills , of Long Gore in Farncombe , faces eight charges of criminal damage and eight of a firearms offence . A five-year-old cat called Ruby was shot in the spine and put down by vets . Another cat in Cranleigh survived but lost eye . Police said Mr Mills had been released on bail and is due to appear before Guildford magistrates on 9 August .", "Oneil Din , 27 , from Coventry , got caught in a rip current and died at Crantock beach , Cornwall on 15 August . Crantock Parish Council told the duchy in April was \" extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public \" . The duchy said new warning signs were put up in 2016 and planned to \" see more can possibly be done \" . More on this story , and other Devon and Cornwall news The duchy was involved in a series of meetings and concluded was no \" simple solution \" as the area had protected status , and that re-engineering the course of a river was a complicated and long process with no guarantees of success . The council said the beach had become more dangerous since a breakwater was damaged by storms in 2015 , causing the River Gannel to change course . Earlier this month 11 bodyboarders had to be rescued at the same beach . The council said : \" Since the river diverted , very significant movements of sand have occurred have made bathing conditions extremely dangerous at certain states of tide and sea condition \" . The council met the duchy , the National Trust and the Marine Management Organisation on 27 January to discuss the issue but no repairs were authorised . also wrote a letter to the duchy in April saying remained \" extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public at large on a very busy beach , especially in the summer , and the possibility of an unfortunate , and potentially fatal , situation occurring \" . RNLI lifeguard supervisor John Steadman said after the recent death : \" Crantock beach has some unpredictable currents at the moment due to the topography of the beach constantly changing . \" The duchy , has land in 23 counties and funds the activities of the Prince of Wales , expressed condolences and said in a statement : \" In 2016 new signs were installed to alert people to the danger of strong currents and other risks . \" plan to meet again with the parish council , National Trust and other stakeholders to see more can possibly be done . \" The National Trust , has responsibility for the beach above the high water mark , said had categorised Crantock as a \" higher risk \" beach , \" on account of the river running across the beach and the resulting rip current \" . At high tide the sea covers Crantock beach , leaving sand dunes and a car park at the top of the beach .", "The US economy grew at an annual rate of 0.2 % in the first three months of the year , far lower than forecasts . The Federal Reserve also kept interest rates at a record low , blaming the slower growth on \" transitory factors \" . Japan 's Nikkei 225 was down 2.7 % to 19,520.21 , biggest loss in nearly four months . The market extended losses after Bank of Japan left monetary policy unchanged , while lacklustre company earnings also had impact on the benchmark index . Shares in Honda fell 6.7 % after announced a fall in profit for the fiscal year to March , as deals with recalls following exploding air-bags . Drug maker Takeda shares fell 3 % after warned would make a loss because of a $ 2.4bn US legal settlement linked to Actos diabetes drug . Chinese shares headed lower with Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index falling 0.9 % to 28,157.71 , while the Shanghai Composite was 0.6 % lower at 4,449.17 . Shares of AAC Technologies in Hong Kong fell 5.2 % after a report in the Wall Street Journal that the Apple Watch had defective component , was supplied by the Chinese company . In Australia , the benchmark S & P / ASX 200 ended down 0.8 % at 5,790 . South Korea 's benchmark Kospi index closed down 0.7 % at 2,127.17 - marking fifth consecutive day of losses . Government data showed that the country 's industrial output fell by a seasonally adjusted 0.4 % in March from February - missing market expectations .", "A draw was inevitable after only 86.2 overs were possible on the first four days after heavy rain in Sydney . The West Indies , resumed on 248-7 , were 330 all out before Warner hit an 82-ball century , the quickest ever at Sydney , as Australia reached 176-2 . Australia were already 2-0 up in the series , but the draw stops from moving top of the Test rankings . The opening two hours of the final day were also lost to rain but Denesh Ramdin was able to complete second half century of the match before was caught by Steve Smith off Steve O'Keefe . Fellow off-spinner Nathan Lyon had Kemar Roach ( 15 ) caught at short leg by Joe Burns to leave the tourists 300-9 . Lyon than snaffled a catch at point as O'Keefe removed Jerome Taylor for 13 to finish with a Test best 3-63 . In reply , Warner brought up half century in just 42 balls with a six off Jomel Warrican but the West Indies spinner did remove Burns , lofted a catch to Roach at mid-on to depart for 26 . Mitchell Marsh ( 21 ) top-edged a sweep to Jermaine Blackwood at slip to gift Warrican ( 2-62 ) a second wicket . By then Warner had completed 16th Test century but both sides elected to end the game as a draw midway through the final session .", "Meanwhile more than 30,000 people in the eastern city of Halle have been told to leave homes after rivers reached highest level in 400 years . Floodwater is also threatening parts of Austria and the Czech Republic . At least 13 people have died and two are missing as a result of the floods . Rising waters have been triggered by heavy rain following a wet spring . Eight deaths were recorded in the Czech Republic and three in Germany , while two people were reported dead and two missing in Austria , according to a European Commission update on Tuesday evening . Parts of Germany have not seen such severe flooding in centuries . However , in the Czech Republic , the water level has stabilised in the capital Prague , where had been fears of a repeat of disasters in 2002 and 1997 . Helicopters started removing residents from homes in Deggendorf on Wednesday after two levees along the Danube and Isar rivers broke . Firefighter Alois Schraufstetter said the floodwater in the Bavarian town was 3m ( 9.8ft ) high . \" This is a life-threatening situation ,\" was quoted as saying by Germany 's DPA news agency . Four farmers were rescued at the very last minute by a helicopter before tractor was submerged , added . German newspapers said water levels in the eastern city of Halle were at highest for four centuries . Officials said the city was in acute danger after floodwaters from the Saale river damaged a section of dykes . The level of the River Elbe in the historic German city of Dresden , where at least 600 people were evacuated , is not expected to peak until Thursday morning . Coaches reportedly ferried people out the town of Muhlberg , about 40km ( 25 miles ) northwest of Dresden , as thousands were told to leave on Wednesday afternoon . Chemical plants next to the swollen rivers have been shut down and chemicals removed over safety concerns , the Associated Press reports . Meanwhile , the floods were receding in the south German city of Passau . People could be seen sweeping up muck from streets . In the Austrian city of Krems , emergency workers have been shoring up a dyke under threat from the swollen Danube . Thousands of people left homes in the Czech Republic in recent days as floodwater threatened to overwhelm flood barriers . In the low-lying industrial city of Usti nad Labem , the River Elbe spilled over the 10m-high ( 33ft-high ) metal flood barriers . The main rail link connecting Prague and Berlin in Germany have been underwater , with trains being diverted . Anti-flood barriers have reportedly gone up to protect the Czech capital 's zoo after was badly hit , causing animals to be evacuated .", "The incident took place close to Caernarfon 's Crown Court and fire station just before 09:00 BST on Thursday . The mother-of-five was airlifted to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent . North Wales Police has said 46-year-old partner has been arrested . \" This is being treated as a domestic-related crime but would like to reassure the community that a swift arrest was made ,\" said Det Chf Insp Iestyn Davies . The Welsh Ambulance Service said were called at 09:00 BST to reports that a woman had been assaulted . Police said the victim remains in a serious but stable condition . Forensic investigations are being carried out at the location , links nearby estates to a local primary and secondary school .", "Police were called to Oxlow Lane , Dagenham , at 23:00 BST on Saturday after reports of a street fight . Officers recovered three large knives , scissors and cannabis from the \" large and unpredictable \" crowd , said . Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and the other on suspicion of an assault on police . Scotland Yard said no one had been injured at the event . Insp Jason O'Donohue said : \" By getting these knives off the street when did , officers have helped save lives and prevented another needless tragedy . \"", "Andrew Haldane said in a speech was downbeat over the UK economy because of weaker global growth , low wage growth and financial and political risks . \" Put in rather plainer English , am gloomier ,\" Mr Haldane said . \" This implies interest rates could remain lower for longer , certainly than had expected three months ago . \" Global markets have tumbled this week , with investors disconcerted at the lack of growth in Europe and especially Greece , the impact of Ebola , and worrying economic data from China and the US . Previously , UK interest rates had been expected to rise early next year . Mr Haldane made remarks at a speech to local business leaders in Kenilworth , where described the UK 's economy as \" writhing in both agony and ecstasy \" . said were still plenty of reasons to be cheerful . Growth is set to be the fastest of any major economy this year and inflation and borrowing costs are low , said . However , said the \" reasons to be fearful \" included productivity and wages , had not risen . \" If is genuine uncertainty about the path of the economy , the optimal policy response may be to avoid the worst outcomes ,\" said Mr Haldane . Sterling dropped 0.5 % against the dollar following remarks . Share trading on the London market has been volatile . Mr Haldane 's caution about global economic prospects were echoed by the Chancellor , George Osborne , told the BBC that the worldwide economy was \" more unstable than has been for some time \" . Mr Osborne would not comment on Mr Haldane 's remarks . But said were \" a lot of global risks out there at the moment \" affecting the international economy . \" Interest rates are entirely a matter for the independent Bank of England , the monetary policy committee there ,\" Mr Osborne said . added : \" 'll say this about the economy more generally - are clearly a lot of global risks out there at the moment - see these problems in the European economy , 've got this horrific disease Ebola in West Africa , all the problems in the Middle East and in the Ukrainian border . \" The global economy is more unstable than has been for some time . That is all the more reason why in the UK have to stick to the stability have won . \" said was important to \" make sure Britain is well protected as 're in these stormy international economic waters \" . Earlier this month , Mr Osborne warned that the eurozone slowdown will impact UK economy .", "The Taiwanese firm , also known as Foxconn Technology , posted a net profit of NT $ 37bn ($ 1.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 814m ) in the October to December quarter . also reported a 16 % jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT $ 94.8bn . Foxconn is the world 's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one of biggest clients . According to some estimates , orders from Apple account for almost half of Foxconn 's total revenue . In the October to December quarter , Apple had sold 47.8 million iPhones , up from 37 million a year earlier . Meanwhile , the launch of iPad mini , also boosted sales of tablet PCs - sold 22.9 million iPads , compared with 15.4 million in the same period in 2011 . However , the heavy reliance on Apple has also raised concerns that Foxconn 's growth may slow in the coming months . Some analysts said the rapid rate of growth that smartphones and tablet PCs had seen in recent years could not be sustained . \" In most of the developed economies , smartphones are at a mature penetration stage and tablets are pretty close to being at that stage ,\" said Andrew Milroy of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan . Mr Milroy added that Apple had so far not been able to replicate the success enjoyed in the developed economies in emerging markets . explained that in the emerging economies , Apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers . At the same time , Apple is facing increased competition from other smartphone makers in those markets . \" are being hammered by low-cost smartphones in countries such as China ,\" said . The fear is that if Apple 's growth rate slows , will have a knock on effect on suppliers such as Foxconn .", "Elgan Varney , 33 , was accused of raping Hannah Stubbs , was a student at Keele University , in Staffordshire . The 22-year-old killed at Stafford home in August 2015 . Judge John Fletcher cleared Mr Varney , formerly of Newcastle-under-Lyme , of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault after the CPS offered no evidence against . See more stories from across Stoke and Staffordshire here During the hearing at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court , prosecutor Karim Khalil QC said the decision not to continue the prosecution had been taken at the \" highest level \" of the CPS . The CPS said the case had been kept under regular review and prosecutors were no longer satisfied was a realistic prospect of conviction . Defence counsel Ann Cotcher QC told the court Mr Varney had been \" removed from attempts at education \" at Keele because of the proceedings against . \" This is an allegation goes back to 2014 ,\" Ms Cotcher told the brief hearing . \" The defendant was interviewed , as was the complainant , in March 2015 , almost exactly two years ago . \" Following the hearing , Mr Varney offered condolences to the family of Ms Stubbs . In a statement read out by solicitor , Hollie Alcock , Mr Varney said : \" This is not a time of celebration for - quite simply , should never have been charged and put through this horrendous ordeal . \" also called for a change in the law to provide anonymity to those charged with but not convicted of sexual offences . In a statement , Ms Stubbs' parents , Paul and Mandy Stubbs , said : \" do n't want happened to Hannah to define life or memory of the kind and loving person was . \" An inquest recorded a narrative verdict that had taken own life following post-traumatic stress . A spokesman for the university said : \" Based on today 's outcome , will be in conversation with Mr Varney over the coming weeks . \" As is standard practice , any such discussion will be confidential between the university and the student . \"", "Japanese-owned chemical firm Sekisui Alveo said production at Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will end by March 2018 . The plant will be decommissioned in four stages over the next three years , the company said . is part of a move to relocate production to Roermond in the Netherlands , added . Alan Gunter , manufacturing director at the Merthyr Tydfil site , said the decision to decommission the plant had \" not been taken lightly \" . \" am immensely proud of highly professional workforce and would like to thank all for commitment and dedication ,\" said . \" are aware that this is a difficult time for employees at the Merthyr Tydfil production plant and will do everything to support and families during and after the plant 's staged decommissioning . \" will also continue to collaborate with the local authorities in the coming months . \"", "The mythical ruler 's legendary court has been associated with locations throughout Wales , including Carmarthen , St David 's , and Cardigan . Now a retired Bangor University professor has revealed believes to be the true location of Camelot . And turns out to be a small Roman fort at Slack , on the outskirts of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire . Prof Peter Field , a renowned expert in Arthurian literature , said : \" was quite by chance . was looking at some maps , and suddenly all the ducks lined up . \" believe may have solved a 1,400-year-old mystery . \" Previous best guesses for the location of the round table include Caerleon in Newport , Somerset 's Cadbury Castle , and Tintagel in Cornwall . In Roman times , Slack was home to a fort called Camulodunum , means \" the fort of the god Camul \" . Over the years , well-recognised linguistic processes would have reduced Camulodunum to Camelot . Though almost forgotten and insignificant today , and even though was abandoned and dilapidated by the relevant time of King Arthur around A.D . 500 , Prof Field argues that this site at Slack would still have been considered a strategic stronghold . At that time , Celtic-speaking Britons , could have been led by King Arthur , held the north and the west coast against the invading Anglo-Saxons . Slack , on the Roman road from Chester to York , would have been the ideal location from to defend the east coast . Prof Field added : \" If was a real King Arthur , will have lived around AD500 , although the first mention of in Camelot is in a French poem from the Champagne region of France from 1180 . \" is no mention of Camelot in the period between those dates , known as the Dark Ages , when the country was at war , and very little was recorded . \" In this gap , people passed on information , much got lost in transmission , and people may have made up facts or just messed up known information . \" Prof Field , taught at Bangor from 1964 to 2004 , has been researching the location of Camelot for the past 18 months . spoke about findings during the official launch of Bangor University 's Stephen Colclough centre for the history and culture of the book .", "Vardy , 29 , has not scored for the champions since 10 September - a run of 14 games - but netted in England 's 2-2 friendly draw with Spain last week . form is in stark contrast to a year ago , when scored for a record 11th Premier League game in a row . \" has restarted and is very close to scoring ,\" said Ranieri . \" has started to also score in training , and that is good news because also , in the training , did n't score so well . \" Vardy has scored twice in the league this season compared with 13 at the same stage in 2015-16 . finished last season with 28 goals in 48 appearances for club and country . Since last club goal , the Foxes have slipped to 14th in the table with just two wins in nine matches . Ranieri believes Vardy and team-mate Riyad Mahrez no longer boast the \" surprise \" factor worked in favour last season . The Italian said : \" That is the big problem . Jamie is always normal , the same last season . do n't see nervous or frustrated . \" But sooner or later Vardy will come back . speak every day with . is very calm , very concentrated in job , to work for the team . \" Leicester , have qualified from Champions League group with a game to spare , host Middlesbrough in the Premier League on Saturday ( 15:00 GMT ) .", "Police were called to Jackson Road in Clacton at about 21:10 BST on Tuesday . The female officer was seriously hurt and remains in hospital and a colleague also tried to intervene received a minor leg injury , Essex Police said . A 23-year-old woman from Clacton and a man aged 21 were arrested and have been released under investigation . Police are appealing for witnesses . More news from Essex The \" disturbance between a group of adults and youngsters \" began in Jackson Road and moved to the corner of West Avenue and Agate Road , the force said .", "Some residents of James Turner Street in Birmingham complained that had been misled before appearing on the programme . Producers of the reality television show have denied that . Now , one charity accused the makers of misrepresenting residents has offered a solution : a self-defence kit against unwanted advances . Oasis , a community and education charity , runs the primary school in Birmingham where Benefits Street was filmed . Reverend Steve Chalke , founded Oasis , said that other communities have approached asking for advice on to do if get attention from reality TV producers . said : \" ca n't proactively defend every community in the country . \" However , believe that the new self-defence kit will give people the chance to benefit from 've learnt . \" The kit , is on website , contains advice on how to discourage television producers . also has calls a \" decoder \" to translate a producer might really mean if describe the programme want to make . Despite more than 900 complaints , watchdog Ofcom ruled that Channel 4 did not breach the broadcasting code . A second series is thought to be under way in Teesside . A Channel 4 spokesperson said : \" are always transparent and clear with residents in the extensive briefings are given pre-filming and operate highly robust duty of care protocols for contributors were praised by the regulator Ofcom as ' demonstrating best practice ' . \" Filming of the second series recently began in Stockton-On-Tees , many months after transmission of the first and the subsequent media reaction , so residents were already familiar with the nature and profile of the programme . \" The majority of have been happy to co-operate and support filming , even in the face of external pressure put on by vested interests outside of the street . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The package on offer from the government includes a pay rise and a reduction in the retirement age . The deal will now be put to a ballot of the union 's membership . Up to 10,000 prison officers in England and Wales protested last month over claims of a \" surge \" in jail violence . stopped work over claims of a \" surge in violence \" in jails but returned to work after a High Court injunction ordered to end 24-hour protest . Under the agreement , prison officers will be allowed to retire at 65 - up to three years ahead of the current state pension age - at no cost to and with full pension benefits . Uniformed staff will also be given consolidated pay rises of between 0.5 % and 1 % for each of the next three years , on top of usual performance-related pay increases . also stand to receive a \" recognition and retention \" package totalling \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 . Prisons minister Sam Gyimah , said the government and POA had also \" agreed a significant number of health and safety reforms as well as new powers for governors in terms of how deploy staff in prisons \" . The POA directed members to take action last month after talks with the government over health and safety concerns broke down . came after multiple high-profile incidents at prisons across England . In October , Jamal Mahmoud , an inmate at HMP Pentonville , died after being stabbed to death in an attack at the prison , left two others injured . And last month prisoners caused almost \u00c2 \u00a3 1m of damage during a riot at Bedford prison . Days later at HMP Isle of Wight , an inmate cut a prison officer 's throat with a razor blade on the way back to cell . In an effort to tackle safety issues Justice Secretary Liz Truss unveiled proposals detailing \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn investment in new prisons over the next five years , including plans for 2,100 extra prison officers , drug tests for inmates on entry and exit from prisons , and more autonomy for governors . In response to the new pay deal said : \" This agreement is a good offer rightly recognises the hard work and dedication of officers across the country doing a tough job . \"", "Alan Wright and wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden in Cranbrook in September 2015 . said a man spoke to took photo in the gardens . Mrs Wright , from Kent , died three months later . A tweet by the National Trust , runs the site , has been shared more than 600 times . A trust spokesman said was a \" heartbreaking story \" . added : \" With luck the [ person ] took the photograph at Sissinghurst Castle Garden will see Alan 's letter and come forward . \" Mr Wright wrote to the trust 's magazine for help in tracking down the mystery photographer . wrote : \" have realised this would have been the last photo ever taken of . would dearly love to obtain a copy . \"", "says \" cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams ... de-pigment the skin ... are now forbidden \" . Whitening creams have been popular for years among young women - and some men - across Africa , believe make more beautiful . But medical experts say may cause cancer , diabetes , severe skin conditions and other diseases . \" The number of people with side-effects caused by these medicines is really high ,\" Christian Doudouko , a member of Ivory Coast 's pharmaceutical authority , was quoted as saying by the AFP news agency . Latest African news updates Africa : Where black is not really beautiful British consultant dermatologist Justine Kluk told the BBC the major concern was over unregulated products , may contain ingredients such as mercury or excessive amounts of steroids . \" If thinks about steroids being present in these products , 're often present in much higher quantities than would prescribe ,\" said . said the creams can cause a variety of health issues , such as \" acne , thinning of the skin , glaucoma or cataracts if applied near the eyes \" . \" Or if applied liberally to the whole body , [ can ] cause high blood pressure , diabetes , osteoporosis , weight gain , mood disturbance due to absorption of large amounts of steroids ,\" said . However , analysts say the ban may not stop people buying the products . are still used in The Gambia despite a ban . South Africa has the world 's toughest laws against skin lighteners , having prohibited the most active ingredient - hydroquinone , but a University of Cape Town study found that more than a third of South African women still buy . The use of whitening creams in Africa is most widespread in Nigeria - where more than 75 % of women buy , according to a 2008 UN Environment Programme study .", "Lib Dem Lord Oates accused Labour of being prepared to \" concede everything \" , and the opposition 's leader in the Lords , Baroness Smith , responded that party was giving people \" false hope \" . The two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the government concerning the rights of EU citizens and parliamentary approval for a Brexit deal . But that co-operation went out the window when MPs rejected those amendments - with Lib Dems determined to insist on and Labour prepared to defer to the Commons . A Labour source in the Lords told the BBC was \" fairly obvious grandstanding \" by the Lib Dems , and geared towards content for campaign leaflets . \" 's pretty unforgiveable to build up false hope with people genuinely worried about future in Britain , when already know that MPs were ready to dig in behind the government ,\" the source said . For part , the Lib Dems' Europe spokesperson Baroness Ludford accused Labour of \" waving through the government 's plans \" and \" lining up with the Conservatives as drive forward with a hard Brexit \" . 's not just on Brexit that the two biggest opposition parties have a track record of forming alliances - have trooped through the lobbies together to impose government defeats on bills dealing with issues from higher education to housing . Baroness Ludford seemed sanguine about chances of coming together again , saying : \" The Liberal Democrats will continue to work with peers from across the House to fight for the issues agree on . \" But the Labour source predicted \" residual tensions \" , adding : \" ca n't imagine 'll be much demand here to organise a ' progressive consensus summer drinks' gathering . \" respective leaderships will of course continue to keep things business-like . \"", "A further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes . Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning revealed the figures after a written parliamentary question by Lib Dem leader Tim Farron . said were an estimate because strike sites cannot be visited and assessed by the UK . Mr Farron had asked the Ministry of Defence how many militants from the terrorist group had been killed by British forces in Iraq from 2 December 2015 to 2 December 2016 . Mr Penning replied : \" During the period in question is assessed that were a total of 111 enemy wounded in action and a total of 1,306 enemy killed in action as a result of UK air strikes . \" The UK cannot visit strike sites and conduct detailed investigations on the ground in Iraq . Therefore the number of combatants killed and / or wounded is an estimated figure only . \" The UK parliament backed British participation in air strikes against IS in Iraq back in September 2014 . Just over a year later in 2015 , MPs authorised air strikes against IS in Syria . The UK has conducted more than 1,200 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria since became involved - more than any other coalition country bar the United States . BBC analysis has shown that in 2017 , UK forces dropped bombs in Iraq and Syria on 69 of the first 99 days of the year . RAF Typhoons and Reaper drones have been supporting Iraqi and Kurdish forces trying to liberate Mosul , northern Iraq , in recent months .", "Using a pseudonym of Royal Gingerness ( HRG ) , the hacker told the BBC wanted to highlight the website 's \" vulnerability \" . only took a few minutes to hack into the site , said . Norwich International Airport director Richard Pace condemned the hacking as a crime police were investigating . HRG pointed out that while made attack to see if could gain access , a more maliciously-minded intruder could have done damage . claimed knew of someone had planned to plant a bomb hoax in the system over Christmas , but said was able to prevent that from happening . While Mr Pace said the information website was not linked to the airport 's operations system , acknowledged that removing was a serious inconvenience to passengers . admitted malicious hackers could have planted a bomb hoax on the site . The airport 's operations director promised a robust replacement site - with more secure protocols and systems - would be operational within weeks . In the meantime , passengers can get information by calling 01603 411923 . HRG , asked not to be identified because fears prosecution , said hacked the site \" to see if could \" . \" found could do and then contacted the airport to let know ,\" said . \" took between two to three minutes to do this . do this mostly to see vulnerability are in modern systems . \"", "Lancashire County Council has earmarked land on the former Glenburn Sports College and Skelmersdale College . The sports college closed in August , while Skelmersdale College 's Westbank campus , owned by Newcastle College , is also unused . The decision follows a comparative study by Network Rail of both sites and one near the Concourse shopping centre . Skelmersdale 's original railway station closed to passengers in 1956 . The council - owns Glenburn Sports College - said Skelmersdale could get two direct trains to Liverpool per hour under the plans has made in partnership with Merseytravel and West Lancashire Borough Council . County councillor John Fillis , cabinet member for highways and transport , said was an \" exciting step forward \" . said the preferred location was big enough to allow for the possibility of future expansion . added : \" has good highway access and good connectivity to the town and the surrounding area . \" The authority confirmed will now start the process of acquiring the relevant land . Skelmersdale was designated a new town on 9 October 1961. . is one of the largest towns in the north west of England not to have own railway station .", "Frenchman Christophe Borgye 's remains were found at a property in Ellesmere Port , Merseyside , in 2013 - four years after was reported missing . Manuel Wagner , 29 , has been found guilty of murder and sentenced to a minimum jail term of 16 years following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court . Two other men were convicted in 2014 . Mr Borgye , 36 , was killed in May 2009 and buried in the outbuilding of the house shared with German national Wagner and fellow Frenchmen Sebastian Bendou and Dominik Kocher . Bendou contacted Cheshire Police in May 2013 and led officers to Mr Borgye 's body , was wrapped in tarpaulin and encased in thick concrete . Officers said a low brick wall had been built inside the outhouse with three layers of concrete placed over the body . A post-mortem examination found My Borgye died from hammer blows to the head . had been reported missing by a work colleague , but after launching an investigation police said believed had left the country . Det Sgt Steve Currie said the case had been \" complicated \" and \" devastating \" for Mr Borgye 's family , but added \" the final jigsaw piece in this shocking crime is now in place \" . Wagner was previously found not guilty of assisting an offender and preventing a lawful burial . However , was re-arrested in 2015 when new evidence came to light . Bendou , now 39 , and Kocher , now 38 , were given life sentences for murder with minimum terms of 14 and 23 years respectively in 2014 .", "The accident happened on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn at about 17:00 on Monday . Police said a woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a \" serious leg injury \" . injury is not thought to be life-threatening . Four other people suffered minor injuries were also taken to hospital but were later released . The eastbound lane of the road was closed following the accident causing lengthy tailbacks . was re-opened at 18:45 .", "Mr Dewani , 34 , left Gatwick Airport through a side entrance was guarded by police before being driven away shortly before 07:00 GMT . is believed to have flown in from Dubai rather than taking a direct flight from Cape Town to the UK . was extradited in April for the trial , was thrown out on Monday . Judge Jeanette Traverso cleared Mr Dewani after ruling the prosecution case that the care home boss from Bristol had arranged the death of wife Anni was flawed . Armed police officers were on guard at the airport preventing reporters from approaching the exit used by Mr Dewani . is believed to have flown into the UK on an Emirates flight landed shortly before 06:30 . Judge Traverso dismissed the case against Mr Dewani at the Western Cape High Court , describing evidence from a key prosecution witness as \" riddled with contradictions \" . Mr Dewani had always denied plotting to arrange the shooting of bride in the back of taxi while on honeymoon in November four years ago . wife 's family , from Sweden , are now considering whether to launch a civil action against husband in the UK . said the decision left many questions unanswered as meant bisexual Mr Dewani , led a double life visiting male prostitutes in the months before married , would not have to give evidence or face cross-examination . uncle , Ashok Hindocha , said would make a decision on legal action after the Christmas holiday . Judge Traverso ruled was not necessary for Mr Dewani to give evidence , saying a defendant was entitled to be discharged if was no possibility of conviction unless entered the witness box and incriminated . said claims by the chief prosecution witness , cab driver Zola Tongo , about the murder were also \" highly debatable \" and the evidence from the prosecution was \" far below \" the required threshold . Three men - Tongo , Mziwamadoda Qwabe and gunman Xolile Mngeni - have already been convicted for part in the murder , happened during a late-night tour of a township when chauffeur-driven car was hijacked . Monde Mbolombo , a self-confessed \" middle man \" set up the murder , may also face justice having previously been granted immunity by the state . The prosecution claimed Mr Dewani wanted to get out of relationship with Anni , 28 , and arranged a car-jacking in would be killed . But the defence team criticised prosecution witnesses and said the case against was weak .", "Cuadrilla 's plans for fracking at Preston New Road site at Little Plumpton were approved in October . The firm says will put Lancashire first for creating jobs , new skills , investment , and community initiatives . Opponents said were surprised by the news since a legal challenge to the government 's decision is outstanding . Preston New Road Action Group issued formal legal proceedings at the High Court in November . Cuadrilla said an \" independently audited tracker \" will monitor pledges to Lancashire . Chief executive Francis Egan said the shale gas industry would be good for the county 's economy . \" expect that in the exploration phase alone will spend in the order of \u00c2 \u00a3 50m - clearly all of that will not go to Lancashire ... but would hope that up to half of that money could get spent in Lancashire ,\" said . The firm also said Bolton-based civil engineering firm AE Yates Ltd has been awarded the site 's \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m building contract . Work is expected to start early next year , Cuadrilla said .", "Humberto Benitez Trevino 's daughter caused outrage by using influence to try to close down the bistro after did not give a table wanted . The episode sparked a discussion about abuse of power in the country . The sacking suggests that Mexico has grown more sensitive to the issue , correspondents say . The episode became a trending topic on Twitter under the hashtag # ladyprofeco , after father 's agency . Mt Benitez , the attorney-general for consumer protection , and daughter both apologised , but this did little to appease public anger . On Wednesday , President Pena Nieto ordered dismissal . The restaurant , Maximo Bistro in Mexico City , was raided by officials after Andrea Benitez was not offered the table had asked for . The government said that although Mr Benitez was not personally involved in the raid , the episode had become embarrassing for the institution .", "The case of the missing planes was raised when PM David Cameron met Burmese President Thein Sein . A Downing Street source said was \" hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming Burmese government \" . The exact location of the planes is unknown . The planes were buried in 1945 by the RAF amid fears that could either be used or destroyed by foreign forces , but in the intervening years have not been located . At the time were unused , still in crates , and yet to be assembled . Until a general election in 2010 , Burma was ruled for almost half a century by a military junta . has been reported that experts from Leeds University and an academic based in Rangoon believe may have identified the sites where the craft are concealed using sophisticated radar techniques . On Friday , officials said President Thein Sein was \" very enthusiastic \" about the prospect of finding and restoring the planes . A Downing Street source said : \" The Spitfire is arguably the most important plane in the history of aviation , playing a crucial role in the Second World War . \" is hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming Burmese government , uncover , restore and display these fighter planes and get gracing the skies of Britain once again . \"", "A coastguard helicopter from St Athan , in Vale of Glamorgan , flew to the scene on Saturday evening as the one based in north Wales was on another mission . The pair were helped to the top of the ridge by Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team ( MRT ) volunteers using ropes , and then winched aboard the helicopter . were dropped off at Nant Peris while the MRT walked down the peak .", "The Home Office decided to halt the Detained Fast Track ( DFT ) system amid concerns over safeguards , particularly for \" vulnerable applicants \" . Immigration minister James Brokenshire said hoped the DFT system would resume within weeks . is thought about 800 applicants are affected - and can now seek bail . Of those , is estimated that about 100 may have to be released . The system , introduced in 2000 , accelerates legal hearings and appeals while keeping the individual detained . is used in cases officials believe can be decided quickly . Last month the Court of Appeal ordered the Home Office to halt the system immediately after an earlier High Court hearing concluded contained \" structural unfairness \" . High Court judge Mr Justice Nicol put a \" legal stay \" - a temporary delay - on ruling on 12 June , following a case brought by campaign group Detention Action . This meant the fast-track system remained in operation until the government had exhausted all opportunities to appeal . BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said officials were worried procedures were not as robust as should be . In a statement to the House of Commons , Mr Brokenshire said the system had \" come under significant legal challenge \" . \" Risks surrounding the safeguards within the system for particularly vulnerable applicants have also been identified to the extent that cannot be certain of the level of risk of unfairness to certain vulnerable applicants may enter DFT . \" In light of these issues , have decided to temporarily suspend the operation of the detained fast-track policy . \" hope this pause to be short in duration , perhaps only a matter of weeks , but will only resume operation of this policy when am sure the right structures are in place to minimise any risk of unfairness . \" The decision to suspend the process means those asylum seekers detained and awaiting hearings will be reassessed at a \" senior level \" to see if can be released from detention to continue asylum application in the normal way . Mr Brokenshire added : \" Those meet the general criteria for detention will not be directly affected by the decision to suspend DFT . \" Many are already detained under these powers , for example because are at risk of absconding and face imminent removal . \" Only if detention can no longer be justified outside a DFT process will applicants be released to continue asylum claim in the regular asylum system . \" said applicants face removal to a safe third country , pose a risk to the public or are foreign offenders are \" still liable to be detained or remain detained \" . The DFT system accelerated some 4,300 asylum applications or decisions in 2013 . currently processes 30 to 40 cases a week .", "Aamir Siddiqi , 17 , was stabbed at home in Roath in 2010 and two men , Jason Richards and Ben Hope , were jailed for life in 2013 . Mohammed Ali Ege , originally from Cardiff , was arrested in India in 2011 accused of conspiracy to commit murder . But escaped police custody in India last week . Mr Ege , is also accused of passport and identity forgery , was awaiting extradition but escaped after being taken to a court hearing . Authorities confirmed escaped from a railway station washroom in New Delhi . Det Ch Insp Ceri Hughes said Mr Siddiqi 's family \" remain resilient and continue to receive full support \" . Mr Ege is from the Riverside area of Cardiff , but also has connections with people in surrounding areas . DCI Hughes added : \" believe someone in this country knows something about Mohammed Ali Ege 's whereabouts , and urge such people to contact \" .", "Chris May , 28 , was last seen by family at home in Kelvedon on 25 May 2015 . abandoned Volkswagen Golf was found 10 miles ( 16km ) away in Fairstead . case was formally declared a murder by Essex Police investigation exactly a year later . A 35-year-old Braintree man and a 25-year-man from Kelvedon have been released pending further inquiries . The two men will have to report back to police in late July .", "The six-month project at Havelock Europa is expected to \" follow the wealth \" , where market opportunities arise in the UK and globally . The Kirkcaldy-based firm also wants to extend sourcing operation in China and grow further in Australia . The company has already focused marketing efforts in London . Office refurbishments in the capital are among Britain 's more lucrative opportunities . The firm has been through a difficult corporate turnaround in recent years . In announcing full-year results , the Fife firm said 2016 was \" challenging \" . Havelock Europa was back into the black , with pre-tax profits of \u00a3 183,000 , following a 2015 loss of \u00a3 2.7m . Revenue was down in 2016 , largely due to the loss of a major financial client , believed to be Lloyds Banking Group . Sales fell from \u00a3 73m in 2015 to \u00a3 61m . In trying to diversify clients away from a few large banks and education refurbishments during academic holidays , the company is seeking to secure more clients from the health sector and student accommodation . is also looking for a wider range of retail clients , have so far included big high street names such as Marks & Spencer , Primark , Accessorize and House of Fraser . Havelock Europa employs 300 people at Fife factory and marketing base , with offices also in China and Mansfield in the English Midlands . The company 's shares fell 12 % in the hours after the annual results were published .", "David Harris , 68 , had become \" besotted \" with another woman , was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover policeman \u00a3 150,000 to murder Hazel Allinson . Old Bailey trial heard wanted to inherit West Sussex home and elope with sex worker Ugne Cekaviciute , 28 . The Court of Appeal confirmed papers had been lodged for an appeal . Harris , the former producer of the police drama series The Bill , had claimed was researching a spy novel and denied solicitation to murder at trial . But the retired producer was caught when the police officer posing as a would-be hitman taped a conversation in Harris said was \" 100 % sure \" wanted partner dead . The jury was told Harris had mounting debts and was desperate to inherit partner 's \u00a3 800,000 home in Amberley and set up home with Ms Cekaviciute . The Old Bailey was told Harris had approached London mechanic Christopher May in March 2016 and said : \" 'm offering \u00a3 250,000 to kill wife . \" In November 2016 met an undercover policeman posing as a hitman called Chris in the car park of Sainsbury 's in Balham , south London . were introduced by a 6ft 3in \" man mountain \" called Zed , to Harris had previously given Ms Allinson 's details and a photograph . Unknown to Harris , Zed , real name is Duke Dean , had already reported to City of London Police , the court was told . Jailing Harris for 17 years in July , Judge Anne Molyneux QC said : \" For pipe dream , for obsessive infatuation with a young woman , Ms Allinson , had protected and nurtured , was to die a painful and terrifying death in an isolated spot . \" death was to fund life . had used until had outlasted usefulness to . \"", "Konstandinos Erik Scurfield , 25 , an ex-Royal Marine from Barnsley , died near the Syrian city of Qamishli on 2 March , Kurdish officials have said . coffin was handed over to father and uncle in a ceremony involving hundreds of Syrian Kurds . Mr Scurfield 's father , Chris , said the ceremony had been \" overwhelming \" . told BBC Middle East correspondent Jim Muir the emotional ceremony was \" very special and very comforting \" to family . correspondent said the ceremony was also a \" big moment \" for the Kurds , had turned out to pay last respects to the Briton came \" halfway round the world to fight - and die - in struggle against IS militants \" . Hundreds of people - including Kurdish fighters , women and foreign fighters in the region - watched as Mr Scurfield 's coffin was loaded into an ambulance , where will be transported to Erbil , the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan . The coffin was decorated with flowers and was draped with a Kurdish flag and a Union Jack . Some time would be needed in Erbil to complete the necessary paperwork before Mr Scurfield 's body can be flown back to the UK , correspondent added . Mr Scurfield , an expert in battlefield medicine , is believed to have travelled to Syria three or four months ago . is said to have gone to Syria because was \" horrified by the atrocities being carried out \" there . Kurdish commander Redor Khalil said the Briton had been killed while fighting alongside Kurdish forces in the frontline village of Tel Khuzela . family has paid tribute to \" courage , conviction and honour \" . In a statement , said : \" are devastated to confirm the death of son Konstandinos Erik Scurfield in Syria where went to support the forces opposing Islamic State . \" flame might have burned briefly but burned brightly with love , courage , conviction and honour and are very proud of . \" The family 's friends and neighbours described news of Mr Scurfield 's death as \" heartbreaking \" . The Home Office says are about 600 people in the region \" of interest \" but have not given a breakdown of groups may be associated with . The BBC understands about 100 Western volunteers - including some Britons - are fighting as part of the 30,000-strong Kurdish forces . More than 500 Britons are believed to have travelled to join IS .", "The 32-year-old Dane spent the second half of last season on loan at the Lilywhites where made 14 outings . Lindegaard made 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years before move to the Baggies . \" 'm really happy that things have fallen into place before get closer to the season ,\" said . \" was a very easy decision . could have gone to several other clubs in England but was a no brainer , wanted to stay here . \" Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "The Streatham MP said Labour should not be \" screaming at the electorate \" after poor general election performance . spoke out after Labour was hit by a row over stance on welfare cuts . also criticised Jeremy Corbyn , amid reports that is doing well in the race to be Labour leader . In an interview with BBC Newsnight political editor Allegra Stratton , Mr Umunna said Labour were \" sent a very strong message \" by the electorate at the general election , where was almost wiped out by the SNP in Scotland and failed to make ground on the Conservatives in England . \" 're running around stamping feet , screaming at the electorate when ultimately need to do is meet people where are at , not necessarily where would want to be ,\" said . Labour has been divided by how to respond to the welfare cuts set out in George Osborne 's Budget , with some MPs reacting angrily when acting leader Harriet Harman said should not oppose all of the measures . The party 's new leader will be announced at a special conference in September . Mr Umunna , was briefly in the leadership contest before withdrawing , said the Conservatives would want Mr Corbyn to win . The odds on Mr Corbyn winning the leadership have recently been reduced , though only made on to the ballot paper after some MPs not thought to be supporters agreed to make up the necessary number of nominations for . Mr Umunna said had nothing against the Islington North MP but added that political views were not \" a politics can win \" . said Mr Corbyn was \" weak on defence at a time when global insecurity is rising \" and backed \" more generous social security payments for people can work but refuse to work \" . \" 'll tell , is no glory in opposition ,\" Mr Umunna added . \" Ultimately will betray people if do n't get elected . \"", "Allan Stanley , 76 , of Nefyn , was snorkelling around the island of Gozo when was hit on 19 June . widow Diane told the inquest in Caernarfon happened in seconds . said : \" was n't enough time for to shout or do anything . \" A conclusion of accidental death was recorded by coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones . The inquest heard Mr Stanley was snorkelling in a bay when a rigid inflatable boat started up . \" A person snorkelling is very difficult to see ,\" Mr Pritchard-Jones said . \" At best 's only part of the top of the head can be seen . \" Whether the person operating the boat looked or made any efforts to see if anyone was in the water , ca n't say . \" Pathologist Dr Mark Lord told the inquest Mr Stanley suffered head injuries and death was \" likely to have been virtually instantaneous \" .", "Twenty-five suspects were released because of a lack of evidence . is the latest batch of death sentences passed in connection with the killings - 36 men were hanged a year ago for part in the massacre . IS filmed the killings , at the former US base of Camp Speicher , near Tikrit , in an early piece of shock propaganda . Most of the victims are believed to have been young Shia recruits were based at the camp when Tikrit was overrun by IS . Photos and videos published by IS at the time showed soldiers being lined up and shot at various locations . Some bodies were pushed into the River Tigris , while others were buried in mass graves were found after government forces recaptured the city a year later . The condemned men have the right to appeal against the sentences .", "Magicseaweed , founded in 2002 in Kingsbridge , provides forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches around the world . Surfstitch purchased the firm as part of a combined deal also includes surf magazine Stab . Magicseaweed said was \" thrilled \" as the deal would enable to expand . The firm employs 22 people in Kingsbridge , taking data from offshore weather buoys to forecast surfing conditions , along with allowing surfers to check conditions via web cameras on beaches . \" 's a unique opportunity to find the right balance of surf forecasting , inspirational content and product offerings to global surf community and millions of users ,\" said co-founder Ryan Anderson . Justin Cameron , chief executive of Surfstitch , said : \" are excited to welcome Magicseaweed and Stab to the Surfstitch Group . \" These businesses share enthusiasm and passion in the action sports and youth culture space , and are ideal partners to support Surfstitch 's mission to become the global destination for action sports and youth lifestyle content and online retail . \"", "Play was suspended on Friday afternoon as winds reached 36mph and blew trees over at Emirates Golf Club . Garcia , was eight under after five holes when play was stopped , added five birdies and a bogey as carded a five-under-par 67 to move 12 under . Nacho Elvira is nine under , a shot clear of Open champion Henrik Stenson . England 's Chris Paisley carded the joint-best second round with 66 as completed 14 holes in the better conditions to sit tied for fifth on seven under . \" Obviously got a bit lucky with the weather today . was expecting to be windier , but still have to hit good shots ,\" said Garcia , is looking for first European Tour win since 2014 . \" played nicely again and made some nice putts , so 'm very happy with where am . \" The third round is under way with plans to try and complete on Saturday .", "Bradford , chasing a play-off place , went ahead when Wes Thomas converted Josh Cullen 's pass , but Kevin Keen 's side levelled through Ambrose 's volley . Buoyed by the leveller , George Moncur struck an upright , before Ambrose took Owen Garvan 's pass to make 2-1 . was enough to secure a double against the Bantams this season . The win was Colchester 's first in League One since a 2-1 home success against Port Vale in October , and Keen 's first in the competition since December appointment . Phil Parkinson 's side dropped two places to ninth after the defeat , first in five .", "The huts , made of chalk and straw daub and wheat-thatched roofing , have been based on archaeological remains found at Durrington Walls , near Stonehenge . Project leader Luke Winter said : \" 're trying to do is get a sense of these buildings looked like above-ground . \" The hope is to re-build the huts at Stonehenge visitor centre next year . \" makes the buildings interesting is that were dated to about the same time as the large sarsen stones were being erected at Stonehenge ,\" Mr Winter said . \" One of the theories is that these may have housed the people were helping with construction of that monument . \" Inside , the project team has used a variety of different daubs , made of pig soil [ dung ] or chalk and straw and construction techniques would have been used by Neolithic people . \" 've been trying a completely different way of thatching a roof . Nothing is tied onto the roof , as would in a modern thatched building but the wheat straw 've used is knotted and then tucked into a woven framework . \" Often people think 4,500 years ago is a long time ago , of course to as modern people is , but 's well into beginnings of agriculture . \" 're looking at people were farming , keeping cows and domesticating cereal crops , and of course houses were an important thing . \" The Neolithic huts will be kept for another two months and will open to the public during the two May bank holidays .", "The news means the WBO belt would not be on the line if IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua of Britain and Wladimir Klitschko agree to fight . Joshua 's promoter Eddie Hearn has said terms were almost agreed with former champion Klitschko and hoped the IBF , WBO and WBA titles would be contested . But Ruiz Jr 's promoter Bob Arum said the WBO has sanctioned the Parker bout . The WBO is yet to confirm the decision but Arum is already considering venues and expects the match to take place in Parker 's native New Zealand . The 24-year-old is undefeated in 21 fights and is the WBO 's number-one ranked heavyweight , with Ukrainian Klitschko second . Mexico 's Ruiz Jr , 27 , is third on the list and has won all of 29 bouts . Fury has vacated the WBO and WBA straps and had boxing licence stripped by the British Boxing Board of Control \" pending further investigation into anti-doping and medical issues \" . The 28-year-old , defeated Klitschko in 2015 , is suffering from depression and has admitted to taking cocaine . In November also has an appeal hearing for a doping charge issued in July . is unclear if the WBA will allow Joshua to compete for version of the title , but Hearn says fighter will be in action on 10 December even if Klitschko pursues a fight for the belt with a different opponent . On Thursday former British heavyweight champion David Price tweeted Joshua stating \" 'm coming to knock out on December 10 \" .", "Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu \u00f4l i'r \u0175y ? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod , does dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l ... ( dyna ddigon nawr. Gol . ) Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd !", "Lionel Portillo-Meza pleaded not guilty in the death of Brian Terry in an Arizona court on Wednesday . Weapons found at the scene of death were linked to a US anti-gun-running scheme called Fast and Furious . Under the programme , the US allowed criminals to purchase guns in order to trace to major arms traffickers . But US agents lost track of 1,400 of the firearms , including the ones believed to have killed Terry . A US justice department report has cited 14 people for possible disciplinary action for roles in the programme . Mr Portillo-Meza was arrested in Mexico in 2012 . was flown to the US on Tuesday . has been charged with murder , as well as assault and other charges . \" This development brings one step closer to achieving justice for a beloved agent paid the highest price in protecting this country ,\" said US Attorney for Southern California Laura Duffy . \" While is nothing can be done to bring Agent Terry home again , hope this news will bring some level of comfort . \" Another man , Manuel Osorio-Arellanes , was sentenced to 30 years in prison in February for the 2010 murder , occurred as Osorio-Arellanes and gang engaged in a firefight with US border agents in rural Arizona . The US justice department announced a $ 1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 589,000 ) reward in 2012 for information leading to the arrest of Mr Portillo-Meza , and three others . Two of the men remain fugitives , while the third is waiting in Mexican custody for extradition . Robert Heyer , Terry 's cousin and the family 's spokesman , said were \" thankful that Mexican authorities have continued to work with \" . \" The family has gotten really good at not having high expectations and knowing that things are going to take lots of time ,\" Mr Heyer said . \" have become very patient over the last three-plus years . So do n't celebrate many things . \" Mr Portillo-Meza pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder , second-degree murder and other charges .", "The latest threats bring the number of incidents to 69 in 27 states in the past month , according to the JCC Association of North America . No bombs were found at any of the centres targeted with telephone calls . Last week , 27 Jewish community centres in 17 US states reported receiving hoax bomb threats . All of the threats made on Monday , along with previous incidents in January , turned out to be false and Jewish centres have since reopened with normal services resumed . Responding to the latest incidents , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that US President Donald Trump had made \" abundantly clear \" that such actions were \" unacceptable \" . \" Hatred and hate-motivated violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom ,\" the statement , was shared on Twitter by NBC News correspondent Peter Alexander , said . Mr Trump 's daughter Ivanka - has converted to Judaism and husband is Jewish - also condemned the threats . Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said that action must be taken to prevent further incidents . In a post on Twitter , Mrs Clinton wrote : \" JCC threats , cemetery desecration and online attacks are so troubling and need to be stopped . Everyone must speak out , starting w /@ POTUS . \" The threats were made to the Jewish community centres through calls were both pre-recorded and live , with suspects using voice-disguising technology , according to Israeli newspaper Haaretz . Since the beginning of the year , have been reports of threats to centres in New York , New Jersey , Ohio , Florida , Massachusetts , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Delaware , Connecticut , Alabama , California , Maine , Tennessee , South Carolina , Missouri , Wisconsin , Texas and Kansas . The JCC Association of North America , a network of health and education centres , has since been reviewing security plans . In an earlier statement the FBI said that along with the US justice department was investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with the threats . The Anti-Defamation League , a Jewish anti-bigotry organisation , said in a statement that was \" deeply disturbed \" by the latest threats to the Jewish community . Meanwhile , more than 100 headstones have been damaged at a Jewish cemetery in St Louis , Missouri , local media report . In the Canadian city of Toronto , Mayor John Tory has condemned anti-Semitic hate notes left outside the homes of Jewish residents .", "The police allege 28-year-old Nazrul , also called Nazu , was the man raped the 74-year-old nun . The man , allegedly a Bangladeshi citizen , was arrested at a railway station in Kolkata ( Calcutta ) . The incident caused outrage in India and led to street protests in many cities across the country . This marks the sixth arrest in the crime . Police have identified eight suspects in the attack , of two still remain untraced . \" All the five accused arrested earlier have named Nazrul as the person raped the nun ,\" a police officer told the BBC . Dilip Kumar Adak , deputy inspector general of the state 's Criminal Investigation Department , told the AFP news agency that police acted on a tip off that Nazu , had fled to Bangladesh after being identified from CCTV footage of the attack , was due to return to Kolkata by train . In May , the police said had arrested Milon Sarkar and described as the leader of the gang attacked the convent . said was not clear role the man had played in the case . During the attack in Ranaghat town on 14 March , money was stolen from the convent school and the building ransacked , before the nun was raped in the convent .", "An emoji of the Chilean flag is widely available while one of the Texas flag is not yet . The Chilean flag with white star on a blue background resembles that of the Lone Star state . Tom Oliverson said the resolution was meant to be mainly educational . The resolution calls on lawmakers \" to reject the notion that the Chilean flag , although is a nice flag , can in any way compare to or be substituted for the official state flag of Texas and urge all Texans not to use the Republic of Chile flag emoji in digital forums when referring to the Lone Star Flag of the great State of Texas \" . Some Texans have developed a habit of using the Chilean flag in text messages and on social media as a sign of national pride . None of the US states currently have own emoji flag . Mr Oliverson said that the idea was to raise awareness about the mix-up in a light-hearted manner . \" Even if the legislature decides not to hear , have achieved objective ,\" said . The resolution would be non-binding and cannot pass into law . will be no penalties for using the wrong flag emoji . \" The Chilean flag is a fine design . Maybe 's the second best flag , knows , 're not getting into a contest here . The important thing , though , is that 's not the Texas flag ,\" joked writer Dan Solomon in Texas Monthly magazine . \" In these divided times , anticipate that this bit of legislative silliness will be a refreshing breath of bipartisanship ,\" concluded . The wording of the bill also emphasises the significance behind the flags' seemingly small differences . \" The colours of the Chilean flag depict sky , snow , and blood spilled while fighting for freedom , but the blue , white , and red of the Lone Star Flag stand for the Texan values of loyalty , purity , and bravery ,\" says . Chile and national symbols have been the subject of mix-ups before . At the 2016 Copa America football tournament , the organisers played Chile 's national anthem instead of that of Uruguay as Uruguayan players looked on confused . The following day , the Chilean national anthem was drowned out by music by the rapper Pitbull before Chile 's match against Argentina .", "US rights are already with NBC Universal at $ 83m (\u00a3 53.2m ) a season . The Premier League has been negotiating latest round of overseas television rights , having secured a record \u00a3 5.1bn three-season domestic deal with BT Sport and Sky , starts in 2016-17 . That dwarfs the existing \u00a3 1bn-a-season agreement currently in place . The new US agreement is in addition to the domestic rights deal and covers all Premier League matches in seasons 2016-17 to 2021-22 . The Premier League and NBC have not revealed how much the new deal is worth . Premier League chairman Richard Scudamore said NBC Universal 's coverage of the previous two seasons had driven interest in clubs , and the competition as a whole , to unprecedented levels . The total overseas rights , include lucrative regions such as the Middle East and North Africa ( Mena ) , will be worth about an additional \u00a3 2bn in the current deal cycle .", "The water pipes in the town are old and prone to leaks and bursts , Severn Trent Water said . Part of Milford Road is expected to be closed until the summer as a metal water pipe is replaced . Diversions will be in place . The road is \" just too narrow \" in parts to be kept open as large machinery will be used , a spokesman said . More than 12 miles ( 20km ) of new water pipes are being laid from the Shugborough area into Stafford town centre . In the first phase , began in September , pipes were installed on Tixall Road for a new housing development nearby .", "The foreign ministry said a Russian jet flew into airspace on the border with Syria on Friday . Moscow described the claim as \" baseless propaganda \" . Tensions between the two countries have been high since November , when Turkey shot down a Russian jet . Russia has been carrying out air strikes in Syria since September . has been targeting forces fighting the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , ally . In a statement , the Turkish foreign ministry said a Russian SU-34 jet crossed into Turkish airspace at 11:46 local time on Friday , ignoring several warnings made in Russian and English . said the ministry had summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara to \" strongly protest at and condemn \" the incident . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned on Saturday that Russia would \" have to face consequences if keeps up such violations \" . \" Such irresponsible steps do not benefit either the Russian Federation , or Russia-Nato relations , or regional and global peace ,\" told reporters . said had asked repeatedly for a meeting with Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , without success . Nato - of Turkey is a member - on Saturday urged Russia \" to act responsibility and to fully respect Nato airspace \" and \" take all necessary measures to ensure that such violations do not happen again \" . Relations between Russia and Turkey , a vocal opponent of Mr Assad , plummeted after Turkish F-16s shot down a Russian SU-24 on 24 November . Turkey said the plane intruded into airspace and ignored repeated warnings to leave . Russia insisted the jet had never crossed over from Syrian territory and did not receive any warnings . The two leaders embarked on a war of words and Russia introduced a raft of sanctions designed to damage Turkey 's economy . Moscow 's ban on the import of Turkish foods , the sale of charter holidays for Russians to Turkey and most construction projects with Turkish firms was expected to cost the Turkish economy at least $ 10bn .", "Falcons lie eighth , having won six of 14 matches , after finishing 11th for the previous three campaigns . \" Every year 've been here 've shown improvement ,\" the 53-year-old told BBC Radio Newcastle . \" People do n't quite see improvement though until overtake people , is 've done this year ,\" said . \" 've never looked at anything other than that [ being in the top six ] for the last four years . 're now getting more wins than people thought , and people are now considering as top six contenders . \" Newcastle host Northampton , beat 22-16 earlier this season , on Sunday , with the Saints one place above the Falcons in the table . \" fight for every point can get , and will try to reverse the defeat from earlier in the year . \" \" want people to look at combativeness and ' never willing to lie down ' attitude . are getting there . Every game has been a battle for other teams . do n't like coming here and know that . 's not about the weather up here , but the way play . \" \" 've still got to go out and do . 's not about dizzy heights and aspirations . 's about nailing that win time and time again . \"", "The 26-year-old has made just one appearance since joining Posh in November , scoring in the 3-2 win over former club Barnsley . Graham Westley 's side currently have injuries to fellow defenders Callum Elder , Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe . Posh , currently sixth in the table , are at home against struggling Chesterfield on Boxing Day .", "Cycling 's governing body the UCI found the 19-year-old 's spare bike contained a motor at January 's Cyclo-cross World Championships in Belgium . Van den Driessche has also been fined 20,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 14,000 ) and been ordered to pay legal costs . The former European Under-23 champion must also return all medals . The result of the World Championship race , the women 's under-23 race won by Great Britain 's Evie Richards , is not affected . Scanning of bikes in UCI competitions has been introduced in recent years , but Van den Driessche 's was the first found to contain a concealed motor . were 274 bikes scanned at the Track Cycling World Championships in London in March . Media playback is not supported on this device UCI regulations , were recently strengthened , state that a rider is given a minimum suspension of six months and a fine of up to 200,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 141,000 ) for an offence of \" technological fraud \" , while coaches , mechanics and other officials could also be sanctioned . Van den Driessche was competing during the women 's under-23 race at the Cyclo-cross World Championships . The motor was hidden , along with a battery , in the tube below the saddle . was controlled by a Bluetooth switch installed underneath the handlebar tape . has denied suggestions deliberately cheated , saying the bike was not . \" was friend 's and was identical to . This friend went around the course Saturday before dropping off the bike in the truck . A mechanic , thinking was bike , cleaned and prepared for race ,\" told Belgian television in January .", "Bath player Ford , 23 , missed six out of seven kicks at goal during the 27-13 victory over Wales 11 days ago . That - combined with 24-year-old Farrell 's form for title-winning Saracens - has convinced coach Eddie Jones to make the change . Luther Burrell is likely to take the inside-centre role vacated by Farrell . Harlequins winger Marland Yarde is in line to start instead of Exeter 's Jack Nowell , with England to confirm team at 10:00 BST on Thursday . England have never won a series in Australia , but are determined to overturn the 33-13 \" hiding \" were given by the Wallabies at the 2015 World Cup . \" came out of that game thinking had thought too much of ,\" said loose-head prop Mako Vunipola of England 's heaviest defeat on home soil . \" The biggest lesson took was that on any day anything can happen . go into this weekend knowing that too . \" is no thought of revenge or righting wrongs of the World Cup and , although 's hard to forget , has got to go to the back of minds . \"", "Katie Milby , 13 , has Morquio A , a degenerative syndrome affects about 105 people in the UK . leads to the progressive deterioration of mobility , health and stamina . friend Kyle Pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made available on the NHS . is no known cure to Morquio syndrome but the drug improves the life of people with the condition . replaces a missing enzyme allows children to continue to grow , as well as improving stamina and the ability to walk . also relieves pain . The drug 's manufacturers have been providing the treatment to patients at own expense but are going to withdraw unless the NHS in England and Scotland commit to funding . The Stranraer Academy student said life would be markedly different without the drug . \" would n't be able to move 'd just be in so much pain ,\" said . \" And probably would n't be able to go to school . \" was that situation prompted friend to launch the petition now has nearly 2,000 signatures . \" As a friend suppose felt kind of bad that was going to be denied this because know has got a great outlook on life ,\" Kyle explained . \" 's funny , 's friendly and would hate to see in pain all the time . \" Galloway and West Dumfries MSP Alex Fergusson has also backed the petition . \" This is not a cheap medication but , as Katie asked , how do put a value on a human life ?\" asked . \" are only just over a hundred sufferers throughout the UK , with just five in Scotland , and those have had treatment with Vimizim report a massive reduction in pain and the other symptoms of this syndrome . \" Life expectancy , rarely exceeds the mid 20s without treatment , can be considerably extended with this treatment , and is enormously to the credit of Katie and friends that have raised this petition to try to ensure that the treatment is available to all . \" The Scottish Medicines Consortium said the drug was currently going through assessment process . added that a decision on the medicine was expected to be published in early September .", "The Staffordshire club are second in the Premiership - the top-flight of English rugby as stands - and have been part of the league for 15 seasons . Lichfield director of rugby Becky Williams said was \" devastating \" to miss out on the new 10-team league . When asked if hoped for a rethink , Williams said : \" deserve . \" Speaking to BBC Midlands Today , Williams continued : \" , as a club , have worked so hard to do for 25 years is to get to the required standard - meet . \" Women 's Super Rugby , into will be a multi-million pound investment by the RFU over the first three years , is aimed at improved playing standards and increasing participation in the game . Lichfield are the only Premiership side not to be included in the new Women 's Super Rugby competition , as third-placed Aylesford will operate as Harlequins from 2017 . Centre Emily Scarratt , a World Cup winner and Team GB captain at the 2016 Rio Olympics , is among five Lichfield players involved in England 's Six Nations campaign this season . In a statement , Women 's Premiership chair Mark Francis said \" the competition will be weakened \" by Lichfield 's absence and also \" welcome the RFU to reconsider the decision \" . The RFU have said are willing to work closely with the club and help \" support future ambitions to compete in the new competition \" . Applications for a spot in Super Rugby were based around coaching and training , sports science and medical support , training and playing environment , player pools , and financial streams . will be no promotion or relegation from the competition for the first two seasons , starts in September . While Lichfield boss Williams is disappointed the club has been overlooked , does stress the RFU 's efforts to establish a better funded and resourced top-flight competition is \" absolutely fantastic \" . England and Lichfield prop Justine Lucas echoed the sentiment , adding : \" For the bigger picture , the RFU investing so much money into women 's rugby is absolutely fantastic . \" But is a real blow for Lichfield . have all worked so hard this year and put so much into club rugby , Lichfield means a lot to everyone involved . \"", "Mike Hall and two colleagues from West Midlands Police 's cannabis team were flagged down by a driver in Wolverhampton , at around 15:30 BST on Monday . The passenger was in labour and Mr Hall rushed to help deliver a baby girl , the force said . Mr Hall said was a day \" wo n't forget in a hurry \" . See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here Soon after stepped in , paramedics arrived at the scene in Hickman Avenue , and mother and baby were taken to hospital to be checked over . Mr Hall , the cannabis disposal team manager with the force , said : \" was far from typical call for help but was definitely one of the most rewarding . \" have been with the force for more than 30 years and never had to deliver a baby before . \" receive medical training but nothing can ever prepare for such a situation . \"", "The England centre , 24 , deal at Welford Road runs out next summer , is attracting interest from several sides . \" are having some very positive discussions with Manu and and are very positive about staying here ,\" Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester . \" Manu is world class . Clearly people are trying to lure to smaller clubs by offering huge amounts of money . \" Reports had suggested Tuilagi had been offered \u00a3 1.6 million over three years by Worcester Warriors , although Warriors director of rugby Dean Ryan said on Wednesday was no truth in the claims . Wasps director of rugby Dai Young also said club have made no move for the England centre , but Saracens , Bristol and Toulouse are also thought to be interested . Samoa-born Tuilagi , joined Leicester as a youngster and has since won 25 caps for England , has been offered a new deal by the Tigers . \" did n't think other clubs were allowed to speak with until 1 January , so that surprises ,\" Cockerill added . \" Manu is a sensible lad and am sure will come to a sensible conclusion and all indications are that 's the case . \" am confident that Manu will stay . has a lot of rugby left in . \" is a good lad . have looked after very well and are confident will stay a Leicester player . \"", "Jemma Beale , 25 , claimed was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six , all strangers , in four encounters spanning three years . One allegation led to the conviction of a man was jailed for seven years . Beale from Hounslow was found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice at Southwark Crown Court . Judge Nicholas Loraine-Smith told Beale , was in a relationship with a woman : \" This trial has revealed , was then not obvious , that are a very , very convincing liar and enjoy being seen as a victim . \" The prosecution described life as a ' construct of bogus victimhood ' . \" These offences usually began as a drunken attempt to get partner 's sympathy or perhaps to arouse jealousy . \" each began impulsively , but is particularly chilling is the manner in persisted in making allegations knew were untrue even to the extent of committing and repeating perjury . \" Prosecutor Madeleine Wolfe told the court police spent 6,400 hours investigating Beale 's lies at a cost of at least \u00a3 250,000 , and the trial cost at least \u00a3 109,000 . \" Cases such as this bring a real risk that a woman has been raped or sexually assaulted does not complain to the police for fear of not being believed \" , the judge added . \" False allegations are likely to have the perverse impact of increasing the likelihood of guilty men going free . \" In a victim impact statement , Mahad Cassim , was wrongly convicted of raping Beale in 2010 , told the court had been hugely affected by the false claim . \" One of goals is to be a successful businessman , to have a nice family and be happy ,\" said . \" am working on the happiness - have a long way to go . \" Beale had also falsely claimed was groped by a stranger , Noam Shahzad , in a pub in July 2012 . alleged was then gang-raped by and other men , and even self-inflicted injuries to back up claims was assaulted with barbed wire . The following year Beale fabricated similar allegations against six other men . claimed two strangers sexually assaulted and said was gang raped again , by four others , two months later .", "Peterborough restaurant owner Mohammed Khubaib , 43 , was convicted of rape and grooming offences last month . During trial at the Old Bailey , the jury was told forced a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on after getting drunk . had a \" persistent and almost predatory interest \" in girls , the court heard . Det Supt Gary Ridgway from Cambridgeshire Police said the sentence showed \" just how serious this type of offence is \" . \" This represents justice for young people had the courage to stand up in court and relive some very difficult experiences ,\" said . Khubaib was the tenth person to be convicted under Operation Erle , focussed on allegations of sex abuse by other groups of men and boys against young girls . Four previous cases led to nine male defendants being jailed for 59 offences against 15 girls from Peterborough and elsewhere in the East Midlands . \" are pleased with this sentence today as represents justice for the girls and young women suffered at the hands of this vicious criminal ,\" said Wendi Ogle-Welbourn , from Peterborough City Council . praised the \" bravery \" of the victims had given evidence during the course of the trial . \" courage in reliving some absolutely horrendous experiences at the hands of this criminal has enabled to get the result did today and means that other girls and young women are safer in city ,\" said . Cambridgeshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Sir Graham Bright described Khubaib 's actions as \" crime of the worst kind \" .", "Crews were called to the incident at about 17:00 on Friday . Five appliances were initially sent to the scene with one remaining on site on Saturday afternoon . No-one was injured in the incident .", "The weather also hit Norfolk and Lincolnshire , where homes were evacuated and an air display cancelled . BBC Weather said 50mm of rain fell in Cambridgeshire in an hour , damaging the banks of the River Nene in March . A Tesco shopper said water was \" pouring through the ceiling near the fresh fish counter \" . Richard Mayer , 32 , became trapped in car at Bar Hill while was visiting to buy a home in the area . Speaking from the vehicle said : \" Water is lapping over the kerb now . People can walk through , but 's far more than 'd want to drive through . \" 'm sitting in car on the pavement in order to maintain some height just down from the Bar Hill roundabout near Tesco . \" are cars everywhere and the flooding is getting worse as people are trying to drive through , but engines are cutting out is causing to block the road . \" Fire service group commander Ryan Stacey said : \" have seven crews currently in the March , Doddington and Wisbech St Mary areas , assisting with evacuating residents , salvaging and pumping water out of homes . \" The exact number of properties affected cannot be confirmed , but understand that are assisting currently at least 60 properties . \" warned : \" Do n't try to drive through standing water - as well as the water damaging car , may be hazards under the water ca n't see . \" A rest centre was opened in St John the Evangelist Parish Hall in Queens Street , March . have also been reports of flash flooding in west Norfolk . Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service said officers have been dealing with about 40 flood-related calls with ongoing incidents in Swaffham , Necton , Outwell and Downham Market . Police in Cambridgeshire urged people to avoid driving on the county 's roads unless absolutely necessary due to the \" deluge of rain currently being experienced \" . Ch Insp Nick Night said : \" are assisting partner agencies including the Highways Agency , Fire and Rescue Service , Fenland District Council and Cambridgeshire County Council with road closures , evacuating residents and pulling vehicles out of flood water . \" do not have a stock of sandbags , so please do not call 999 requesting any . \" The UK Power Network said had been working to restore power to homes and about 400 homes were still without power at about 21:00 BST on Friday .", "An advance party of about 10 soldiers from Force Troop Command , 1 Div and Field Army training will support African Union peacekeeping efforts against the al-Shabab group . About 70 personnel will eventually be in Somalia carrying out medical , logistical and engineering duties . Around 300 troops are also be deployed to the conflict in South Sudan . Al-Shabab - the Islamist militant group allied to al-Qaeda - is battling Somalia 's government for control of the country . are Somalia 's al-Shabab ? New questions for African force in Somalia Somali defector : Why left al-Shabab The group has carried out a string of attacks - including in neighbouring Kenya - and is believed to have between 7,000 and 9,000 fighters . The African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) was launched in 2007 , and is mainly comprised of troops from Uganda , Burundi , Djibouti , Kenya and Ethiopia . In South Sudan , conflict between government and rebel forces has seen more than 2.2 million people flee from homes in the state , broke away from Sudan in 2011 . The British troops being sent to South Sudan will also carry out engineering work to strengthen infrastructure . follows a commitment by UK Prime Minister David Cameron at the UN in New York in September . formed part of a pledge in the Strategic Defence and Security Review to double the number of UK troops on UN \" blue-hatted \" peacekeeping tasks and support efforts to end some of the world 's most destabilising conflicts . Speaking at the time , Mr Cameron said operations \" will help to alleviate serious humanitarian and security issues ... helping to bring stability to the region and preventing these challenges from spreading further afield \" . Announcing the arrival of the team in Somalia , Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said : \" This deployment is another demonstration of the flexibility and global reach of armed forces . \" showed the UK 's \" determination to tackle terrorism wherever rears head \" , added . The Ministry of Defence said the UK military 's contribution to UN peacekeeping reflects a long history of supporting the organisation , including a lasting presence in Cyprus . Britain has long been a large financial contributor to UN peacekeeping missions and is the fifth highest provider of funds . But troop commitment has been relatively small - focused mainly on 250 soldiers based in Cyprus .", "Summer Wroniecki broke a bone in leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd at Duffus Park in Cupar , Fife , on Saturday afternoon . Summer had previously battled a rare type of cancer , was diagnosed just after third birthday . father Christian wrote on Facebook that daughter was \" comfortable \" . said : \" Summer is a tough cookie as all know and will again bounce back . \" Mr Wroniecki posted on Monday morning that operation would be taking place on Tuesday . is believed an adult was also treated for a shoulder complaint after the incident . Organisers said every safety precaution was risk assessed .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 35-year-old has 184 goals in 252 matches in an international career spanning 15 years . was in the 2015 World Cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds . \" 's been an amazing , wonderful ride and ca n't wait to see the next chapter of life brings ,\" said . Wambach was the 2012 Fifa Women 's World Player of the Year and is also a six-time US Soccer Female Athlete of the Year winner . will be with the US team for all four of December matches , but final game will come on 16 December against China in New Orleans as the last match of the 10-game tour . Media playback is not supported on this device \" Abby is a player has transcended sport and legacy as one of the world 's greatest players is set forever ,\" said US head coach Jill Ellis . \" has done for women 's soccer and women 's sports overall with amazing talents on the field and personality off has been inspiring to watch . \" am just extremely happy that could end career with that elusive World Cup title and go out on top , right where deserves to be . \" In career , Wambach scored just over 500 goals for high school , college , professional club teams and the United States youth and senior international sides .", "The 24-year-old has agreed a two-year-deal and will arrive following commitments with the Stormers and Western Province in South Africa . is the son of former Springbok Guy Kebble and won the 2012 Under-20s World Championship with South Africa . \" try and bring an edge to the game and make an impact ,\" Kebble told the Pro12 club 's website . \" 've watched all of the Glasgow matches in the Champions Cup this season and northern hemisphere rugby is getting very exciting . 'm looking forward to playing in a competitive European league . \" know Dave Rennie is one of the best coaches in the world , so 's an exciting prospect to work under next season . \" Kebble will join current team-mate Huw Jones in Glasgow , with the Scotland centre signing a two-year contract with the Warriors earlier this month . \" Huw and live together in Cape Town ,\" explained . \" did n't really talk about too much before happened , but now 's nice to know will be a familiar face in Glasgow . \" Last week , BBC Scotland revealed Kebble 's expected arrival , with the new recruit considered a project player by Scottish Rugby , have monitored for several years .", "The Vikings led the table after winning six of first seven games but slipped from the top after losing to Warrington on 25 March . Betts' side currently lie in fifth place in the table and face league leaders Warrington again on Friday . \" do n't see form being that bad , 've just lost some games ,\" Betts told BBC Radio Merseyside . \" 've lost some momentum to look at the table , but internally 're still doing some good things . \" After conceding 108 points in opening seven matches , Widnes' fortunes have changed of late , with the Vikings conceding 103 points in last four games . \" 's about doing the little things well , keeping the confidence high and doing the things did at the beginning of the year with the same kind of determination ,\" added . \" know 've got to get moving back in the league but Warrington are saying the same thing and are guys are fighting to get some momentum in league positions . \"", "The 28-year-old man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition after being found in North Street at 07:10 GMT on Saturday . A 28-year-old man of no fixed address and a 43-year-old woman from Brighton were arrested on suspicion of robbery . A 30-year-old Brighton man was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm . Sussex Police said the victim was still in hospital . Officers are still keen to hear from anyone was in the area at the time and may have witnessed the assault .", "Clive Weatherhogg set up meetings between the woman and a man found through an adult website , and filmed having sex . A court heard sent a message containing a sexually explicit clip to the victim 's sister on Christmas Day . Weatherhogg , 42 , was also placed on the sex offenders register . had denied the charges but was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . Sheriff George Way remitted the case to the High Court in Edinburgh to be dealt with because greater sentencing powers . Weatherhogg , formerly of Guthrie , near Forfar , was found guilty of coercing the woman to engage in sexual activity and intercourse with the man between 10 September , 2013 and 17 September the following year . was also convicted of intentionally causing the woman 's sister and father to look at sexual images and behaving in a threatening or abusive manner on 25 December , 2014 . The woman told the trial had felt \" blackmailed \" by Weatherhogg . Lady Wolffe told the Weatherhogg that had to pass a sentence on \" reflected society 's abhorrence \" at such conduct . The judge said that Weatherhogg , a first offender , had been assessed as posing \" a moderate risk \" of sexual re-offending . Defence counsel Jonathan Crowe said had been \" a dramatic shock \" for Weatherhogg to be placed on remand ahead of sentencing .", "The 26-year-old will join Wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer for a fee believed to be \u00a3 10m . The Owls had to wait until Wednesday for the English Football League to decide if the deal had been completed by Tuesday 's 23:00 GMT deadline . Rhodes scored six goals in 24 league appearances for Boro after joining from Blackburn for \u00a3 9m in January 2016 . However , the Scotland international , featured just six times this season and failed to score . started career with Ipswich and had loan spells with Oxford , Rochdale and Brentford before joining Huddersfield in July 2009 . Rhodes scored 73 goals in 124 league appearances for the Terriers and helped to promotion from League One in 2012 . Blackburn paid the Terriers \u00a3 8m for in August 2012 following relegation from the Premier League . moved on to Boro last January after scoring 83 goals in 159 league games for Rovers and helped Aitor Karanka 's side win promotion to the Premier League . Rhodes' father , Andy , is the goalkeeping coach at Hillsborough . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page or visit Premier League tracker here .", "The Academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much of contents was destroyed in the blaze on 21 August . The school 's 453 pupils are currently being taught at four locations in the Selsey area . As well as classrooms , the temporary buildings will house science labs , workshops and food technology areas , the school said . The buildings , some of have already been placed on the site by two large cranes , had previously been used to house staff and students from Bohunt School in Worthing while building work was carried out . Tom Garfield , head teacher of the academy , said : \" are absolutely delighted to see the first temporary school buildings arrive on site . 's a great milestone for , the staff and students alike . \" said once the remaining structures had arrived over the next few days the school would begin preparing the rooms for teaching .", "British and Irish Lion North , 23 , has signed a new contract with Northampton Saints in England 's Premiership . The 23-year-old 's previous deal was due to expire next summer and had been linked with a return to Wales . \" 'd all want to see best players playing in Wales ,\" Davies said . \" Why would want any different ? \" Davies was Scarlets chief executive when North left for Saints in 2013 , and moved to the Pro Rugby Wales role in September 2014 . would like to see players such as North back in Wales to offer a \" return on investment to the regions have developed \" as well as to reward fans and to inspire younger players . Davies added : \" From the national squad 's point of view , the coaches are very clear that fundamentally believe that is a better environment in terms of player management for the players to be playing in Wales . \" can manage better in conjunction with the regions . \" North , capped 55 times by Wales and also a 2013 Lions tourist in Australia , has appeared 42 times for Saints . was speculation might emulate Wales team-mate and former regional colleague Jonathan Davies , will return to Scarlets from Clermont Auvergne on a Welsh Rugby Union dual contract next season . Former Wales centre Tom Shanklin is also disappointed North will remain in England . \" 's probably good for personally because 's at a very good club and in a very good league ,\" Shanklin told Scrum V Radio . \" But want to see all the Welsh players back . That 's going to strengthen league and strengthen product on the field . \" had some great news Jon Davies is coming back so 's a bit of a shame . \"", "Kvitova followed up wins over world number one Angelique Kerber and Britain 's Johanna Konta with a 6-1 6-2 demolition of Romania 's Halep . The two-time Wimbledon champion needed just 67 minutes to win the semi-final . Kvitova goes on to face Slovakian 10th seed Dominika Cibulkova , beat Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4 . Cibulkova , missed four months of the season in 2015 after having surgery on left foot , is now close to qualifying for the eight-player WTA Finals in Singapore for the first time . \" 'm a good player ,\" said the 27-year-old . \" can beat top players . But was missing consistency in game . This is the first year that 'm really consistent playing the whole year . \" Kvitova , 26 , hit 34 winners in a dominant display against Halep , overpowering the Romanian to reach first final of 2015 . \" 's amazing ,\" said the two-time Wimbledon champion . \" came to this tournament and really did n't expect this kind of performance . Physically 'm still so-so - 'm really happy that 'm not falling apart . \" But played a really great match today in spite of everything , really put the pressure on . \"", "Gerald Lavey , 30 , said children clung to during the attack by up to six men at home at Ballymagowan Avenue , Creggan , on Monday . said the gang dragged from living room to the front garden where was beaten with iron bars and nails . Hours after the attack , a wheelie bin was set alight next to the house . Police said consider both incidents to be linked . \" Any other night would normally lock the door and put the keys out of reach so nobody could break the glass ,\" said Gerald Lavey . \" But the wee'uns [ children ] did n't lock the door and the next thing heard was footsteps coming up the stairs and just knew then that 's was . \" were dragging down the stairs into the garden and started battering with iron bars . Just before , wee girl clung onto when seen and just pulled off . \" Mr Lavey said feared for the safety of daughter , 9 , and five-year-old son . \" terrible , do n't think should have had to witness anything at all . were squealing . was lying on the garden and were just welting into with iron bars with nails in . \" While was in the front garden getting battered [ the gang ] were smashing up the house . One of said that 's enough , that 's enough but the last boy out had to hit five or six slaps more and then ran off down the street . \" Gerald Lavey called those behind the attack \" cowards \" . \" were shouting about coke but do n't take any sort of drugs . 'm addicted to prescribed medication and that 's . do n't bother anybody just keep to . \" Cowards . had to all come in masks and iron bars and took five or six of . \"", "The former Nova Centre in Prestatyn will be given a new gym , cafe and pool-side changing rooms as part of the \u00c2 \u00a3 4.2m revamp . Three promenade-side retail units and a soft play facility will also be built . The centre shut last February after the trust running had funding pulled by Denbighshire council . The work , starting on Monday , is expected to be finished by July .", "The cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims . A police spokesperson said many cases had \" multiple suspects and multiple victims \" but was also a large number involving single suspects . Last year , 12 men were jailed for part in the abuse of a single victim in Keighley . Eleven were jailed at Bradford Crown Court after being convicted of raping the girl from the age of 13 and another man was sentenced for sexual activity with . The CSE figures , were given to the Keighley News and confirmed to the BBC by police , compare with last year 's figure of 220 cases . were 261 suspects under investigation at the same time in 2016 . A police spokesperson said : \" West Yorkshire Police and partners have been proactive in approach to encourage victims to come forward and reassure that all reports will be taken seriously . \" have developed a far greater understanding of CSE than in the past and this has led to rapid action to prioritise resources to improve the identification and prosecution of perpetrators of this abhorrent crime . \"", "Eight people were found dead in the vehicle in a Walmart car park in San Antonio , Texas , and 31 others were treated . Two later died in hospital . The driver , named as James Mathew Bradley , 60 , could face the death penalty . says the immigrants were placed in trailer while was distracted . were inside the trailer without access to air conditioning or water while outside temperatures hit 38C ( 100F ) . Police say believe the incident is linked to people smuggling . Video footage from the store reportedly showed a number of vehicles arriving to pick up some of the survivors . Several others may have managed to escape on foot into the woods nearby . Immigration and Customs Enforcement acting head Thomas Homan said more than 100 people could have been in the truck at one point . Mexico 's government said was working closely with US authorities to identify the nationalities of the victims . San Antonio is a few hours' drive from the border with Mexico , and the US immigration department is trying to establish the victims' legal status . Officials were brought to the trailer by a man had approached an employee of the Walmart store and asked for water . San Antonio police chief William McManus said in a press briefing that the people ranged from school age to in 30s . Local fire chief Charles Hood said the survivors had heart rates of over 130 beats per minute and were very hot to touch . The fire chief confirmed at least two of the victims were school-age children . condition is not clear . The US attorney for the Western District of Texas , Richard Durbin , said the people were helpless victims of \" ruthless human smugglers indifferent to the wellbeing of fragile cargo \" . Experts say people smuggling is a serious issue in southern Texas , and have been a number of similar cases in the area just in this past month . On 7 July , US Border Patrol agents found 72 undocumented immigrants from Central American countries locked inside a trailer \" with no means of escape \" . The next day 33 people were found locked inside a trailer at a checkpoint on the road to San Antonio .", "SKN Heritage Museum is showing the type of belongings brought by African-Caribbean immigrants in the 1940s and 50s . The Windrush generation responded to adverts to work in Britain but were only allowed to bring one suitcase . Organisers said the display gives a unique insight into important part of Nottingham 's history . The Windrush was named after the first boat brought people from the Caribbean to Britain in 1948 . The exhibition , called ' From Caribbean Isles to the British Isles - Home to Home ' , aims to give an insight into people travelled across the Atlantic to seek a better life in was still the Empire 's \" mother country \" . Item include photographs , clothes , records and games - as well as beauty products designed for black skin and hair when none were commercially available . Catherine Ross , the museum 's founder , cameto Nottingham from St Kitts when was just seven years old . said : \" aim is to let everyone know about the contributions Caribbeans have made to British society and Nottingham and commemorate these achievements . \" There'sno better place tostart than Nottingham Carnival , as 's such awell known and celebratory event in Nottingham 's calendar . \" The carnival is taking place for the first time take in two sites - the Forest Recreation Ground on Saturday and the Victoria Embankment on Sunday .", "Barbara Stensland , 43 , from Cardiff , went to Carmarthen on 5 August . When tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue , less than one mile ( 1.6km ) away , was refused . Carmarthenshire council 's senior licensing officer , Justin Power , said : \" will investigate this matter and take any necessary steps . \" Ms Stensland told BBC Radio Cymru 's Post Cyntaf programme took more than an hour to reach the venue . said : \" went to the first taxi in the queue outside the station , told where wanted to go . \" laughed . thought was just joking along because knew was a fairly short distance . \" When said ' seriously , can get in the taxi ? ' said ' no , 'm not taking . ' So pointed helpfully in the right direction and told to walk . \" Urtha Felda , from MS Society Cymru , said : \" have heard of people having trouble getting taxis . \" If somebody 's still walking ca n't see that 're disabled - if someone 's in a wheelchair 's really obvious . \" 's not obvious , so would say to people - do n't make judgements . \"", "Sgt Jon Harris had been sent to an alleged assault in the Waterloo Bar in Argyle Street on Wednesday night . After dealing with the incident surprised customers by belting out the classic 70s track on the karaoke . Peter McKenna-Boyd , filmed the performance , said : \" Everybody just loved \" . The officer was in full uniform at the time . Mr McKenna-Boyd told BBC Radio Scotland 's The Kaye Adams programme : \" Nobody expected to happen . was just a normal Wednesday night for . \" 've just launched new wacky Wednesday is a bit of a game show and a bit of karaoke . \" \" think the sergeant was speaking to the karaoke host and suggested got up to sing but do n't think expected to ,\" Mr McKenna-Boyd said . \" But held to just before went out the door . The other officers were outside and heard name called up and ran straight back in . \" loved as well . Everybody was clapping and cheering for . \" was hilarious , especially pointing and dance moves . The other policemen were standing and clapping and cheering . Not sure if was boss but when first saw was like dad had just got up on the karaoke . \" Ch Insp Mark Sutherland , of Police Scotland , said : \" Around 19.10 hours on Wednesday evening , officers were called following an alleged assault within the Waterloo Bar on Argyle Street in Glasgow city centre . \" A full and thorough investigation led to the arrest of a 23-year-old male is expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on 2nd June . \" Once the inquiry had concluded and the victim 's safety ensured , Sgt Jon Harris from city centre community policing team was encouraged to participate in karaoke ongoing in the pub . ' Sgt Jon ' took to the stage helped to defuse any simmering tensions in the pub . \" was pleased to see that once the incident had been professionally concluded , officers were able to share a lighter moment with those remained in the pub . \"", "The hosts lost opener Chris Dent for a duck in the fourth over and Gareth Roderick ( 23 ) shortly after . Will Tavare ( 20 ) and Michael Klinger ( 10 ) continued a steady fall of wickets until Hamish Marshall ( 58 ) and Phil Mustard ( 38 ) led the hosts' recovery . However , Viljoen swept through the tail to end with impressive figures of 5-55 .", "Northants elected to field first and chipped away with regular wickets as Keaton Jennings , Cameron Steel and Graham Clark were all dismissed for 20 . Buck 's haul also included the wickets of in-form Paul Collingwood and top-scorer Michael Richardson ( 27 ) . Barry McCarthy took 2-20 as Durham hit back , but Northants finished the day 59-3 , 107 runs behind . Division Two 's bottom side Durham went into the game on the back of a dramatic defeat by Glamorgan and fragile batting line-up was exposed by Northants' seam attack in an innings lasted just 45.2 overs . Northants lost Rob Newton , Alex Wakeley and Rob Keogh cheaply in reply , but Max Holden ( 19 not out ) and Chesney Hughes ( 16 not out ) prevented further damage before bad light brought an early close . Former Derbyshire and Leeward Islands batsman Hughes , played as a ' guest ' for Northants in tour game against South Africa A , is making first Championship appearance since last August , on a non-contract , pay-as-you-play basis .", "Margaret Fleming , 36 , was last seen at home in Inverkip by two carers at about 17:40 on Friday 28 October . is described as about 5ft 5in tall , with collar-length black hair , brown eyes and has a heavy build , although weight can fluctuate . Police had said were trying to build a picture of Ms Fleming 's life , part of kept \" quite private \" . When last seen , was wearing a green tartan fleece or jumper , dark jeans or trousers , and dark Karrimor-type boots . also had a satchel-type handbag . A police spokesman said : \" is a specialist search team combing the area around where the missing person was last seen , this includes in the garden of last known address . \" Speaking earlier this month , Ch Insp Elliot Brown , area commander for Greenock , said : \" are currently working with limited information and whilst does seem like this is quite an unusual missing person case , is challenging . \" As continue to try to piece together Margaret 's life , understand kept a side of life quite private so 're trying to look into this in a bit more detail to see if this will help with inquiries . \" are working backwards to try to find out more about Margaret , so 've been speaking to friends and family members to establish a clearer picture of life over the years . \" The detective said that Ms Fleming was a student at James Watt College in Greenock between 1996 and 1997 . said was keen to speak to anyone remembered from then , and might have been in touch with over the years .", "A poster for conference call firm Powwownow shows a man on an underground train surrounded by zombie-like characters in masks . Changing Faces says the adverts are \" insensitive \" because of the similarity to masks worn by people recovering from burns . Powwownow says the images are not targeting those with facial disfigurements and instead show characters from \" fantasy horror \" . In one advert , a woman is shown in the middle of a group of people wearing masks similar to that of Jason , the main character of the Friday The 13th movie franchise . In a blog post , Changing Faces chief executive , James Partridge , said the tagline of the campaign - Avoid the Horror - was \" disturbing \" . wrote : \" reinforces the harmful association that people wear masks as part of treatment and have burn scarring , are to be feared and avoided . \" Changing Faces says Powwownow originally agreed to take down the adverts . In a statement to Newsbeat , a spokesman from the conferencing service said : \" When received a complaint from Changing Faces , pulled the advert as a mark of respect to the charity 's perspective and undertook a review of the advertising strategy . \" After this robust review , reinstated the advert as a reflection of belief in the creative concept , clear reference to the fantasy horror genre and the fact that are in no way targeting or discriminating against people with facial disfigurement , or indeed any people . \" The adverts focus purely on the horror of the commuting experience and in no way target any individuals . \" Catrin Pugh from Wrexham sustained burns to face and body when the coach was travelling in crashed in France in 2013 . 's been undergoing treatment ever since . Speaking to Newsbeat , said : \" Wearing compression mask is why face looks ' normal ' and was one of the most important parts of treatment . \" This advert , suggesting people in masks are ' horrors' makes so angry . \" \" remember when first went out into the public wearing mask , and due to eyesight could n't see , but sister said almost everyone turned and gawped . \" If that is then associated with being like a horror , as the advert suggests , could have been far worse , with hurtful reactions , rather than curious reactions is received . \" Powwownow insists that the characters in campaign are \" commonplace in the world of computer games , TV , entertainment and film . \" wish to reiterate that is absolutely no intention to offend anyone at all . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Visitors are being offered hot drinks , pastries , calligraphy demonstrations and discussion during the \" open-house \" weekend . The country 's leading Muslim body , the French Council of the Muslim Faith ( CFCM ) , seeks to distance mainstream Islam from recent jihadist attacks . The initiative comes a year after the Charlie Hebdo killings in Paris . Jihadist gunmen killed 17 people at different Paris sites , including the offices of the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine and a kosher supermarket . Marking the anniversary of the killings , President Francois Hollande unveiled a plaque on Saturday in tribute to one of those died , policewoman Clarissa Jean-Philippe . France also remembered the four Jewish hostages killed at the supermarket . France is still under a state of emergency after November 's Paris attacks , carried out by gunmen linked to the Islamic State group , killed 130 people . Hundreds of French mosques are taking part in the open-house event , dubbed a \" brotherly cup of tea \" . \" The objective is to create a space where people can be together and meet normal Muslim worshippers and all of fellow citizens ,\" CFCM President Anouar Kbibech told AFP . said the CFCM wanted to use the anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks to \" highlight the real values of Islam , to set straight the cliches about links to violence and terrorism \" .", "Total catches of cod , haddock and plaice have been increased , the Scottish government said . Catches of saithe , whiting and herring will be decreased in line with long-term management plans . Talks between the EU and Norway agreed the total allowable catch for cod would be 29,189 tonnes , 5 % up on 2014 . The increase will give UK fishermen an additional 542 tonnes and Scottish fishermen around 343 tonnes . A 6 % increase in the haddock catch to 40,711 tonnes gives the UK an additional 3,468 tonnes and Scottish fishermen more than 2,500 extra tonnes . Scottish Fisheries Secretary Richard Lochhead said : \" am pleased has been an increase in the quota of these key stocks for next year is in line with the recent scientific advice that the stocks are in good shape . \" is welcome the agreement has been reached quickly this year compared to the protracted talks last year and will provide certainty for the industry about opportunities in 2015 and avoids any delays to the commencement of fishing in the new year . \" is much to be done to prepare for the discard ban starts to come into force for white fish from 2016 . This outcome will help these stocks continue to rebuild next year while also helping to minimise discards , and should provide a sound launchpad for establishing the following year 's quota under the ban . \" now look ahead to the crucial December EU fisheries council when will be highlighting again that vessels need to retain the number of days can go to sea as any cut would simply be counterproductive . \" UK Fisheries Minister George Eustice said the agreements were an \" excellent result for the UK \" . said : \" sees UK fishermen getting a 5 % increase in quota for cod - the second successive rise in annual cod quota in two years . The increase is an encouraging sign that are achieving goals ; a thriving fishing industry with sustainable fish stocks . \" The deal also saw a 7 % rise in North Sea haddock and 15 % rise in plaice quotas . This is great news for fisheries ahead of vital quota negotiations next month where will be representing UK fishermen . \"", "The Dufton Europa plane crash landed in a field in Maidwell on Thursday afternoon . Emergency services were called to the field , but found an empty plane . Ambulance crews found the pilot Iain McKay and wife , of Houghton Regis , Bedfordshire , at the The Stags Head , where had walked after the ordeal . Simon Nixon , the manager of the pub , said : \" A lady came in with husband . was not until ordered a drink ( non-alcoholic ) that said was a bit shaken up because 'd just had a plane crash . asked if was OK and had a little bit of a cut to arm . Other than that seemed OK . \" 's not often have plane crashes where people are able to walk away . \" An off duty policeman alerted the ambulance crews of the couple 's whereabouts . An East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said an ambulance and an air ambulance went to the accident at about 16:30 BST . \" Both patients were found away from the aircraft and were checked over by the doctor but did n't require any further treatment ,\" said . The Air Accident Investigation Branch has yet to comment .", "Fly-half Sexton and flanker O'Brien have both recovered from calf injuries and should be available at Murrayfield . Sexton was injured against Castres on 20 January but is said to be \" feeling very positive \" about recovery . However , uncapped Munster wing Andrew Conway has been ruled out after aggravating an existing groin problem . Ireland playmaker Sexton has the chance to cement starting spot , provided comes through Tuesday 's session . Ulster 's Paddy Jackson will start for Joe Schmidt 's side if the Leinster star is ruled out while Munster 's Ian Keatley has joined the squad as cover for the time being . \" Johnny 's making good progress and 's back on track to train on Tuesday ,\" said Ireland team manager Paul Dean . \" think everything is fine , 's being very positive about . \" O'Brien has completed the rehabilitation on calf issue and was expected to take full part in Monday afternoon 's training session . Full-back Rob Kearney says Ireland remain unfazed by Leinster team-mate Sexton 's latest quest for full fitness . Sexton battled hamstring trouble before the turn of the year , with this calf problem proving yet another unwanted hurdle . Kearney labelled injury doubts \" par for the course \" in any Test week , then tipped Sexton 's understudy Jackson to thrive if pressed into service from the start in Scotland . \" 're all so used to now ,\" said Kearney , of general battles for fitness . \" On a weekly basis , more often than not , 's someone going in or out . \" Someone picks up a niggle or 're not fully fit , so the coach does n't risk . The way Test rugby is now , 's par for the course . \" Paddy [ Jackson ] has been there all last week running the plays . 's more than equipped and 's got a week head-start . \"", "Mr Opstelten had said the trafficker was paid less than actually was for money wrongly confiscated by the state . also said details of the payment - authorised by Mr Teeven as prosecutor - had been lost , but this was not so . The resignations are a blow to the Liberal party as faces an election . Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven are both from the conservative wing of the party , faces a challenge from Geert Wilders' far-right Freedom Party in provincial elections this month . The resignations are also expected to place a strain on the Liberal 's coalition with the Labour party , has been very critical of Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven . The justice minister had claimed that a convicted drug trafficker , Cees Helman , was paid much less than the compensation of 4.7 million Dutch guilders - worth \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2.1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m ; $ 2.3m ) in current terms - that in fact received . also said that the details of the payment had been lost . On Monday , however , Mr Opstelten said a record of the transaction had been found . \" This information could have been found earlier ,\" told reporters . \" take full responsibility for this and have just now offered resignation to the king . \" The payment was made after the authorities were unable to prove that money had confiscated from Helman had been obtained illegally . Mr Teeven , was a prosecutor at the time , had authorised the settlement . The payment was not illegal . However , both ministers said the misinformation had made positions untenable , Reuters news agency reports .", "Forfar are seven points clear of Arbroath , move above Elgin City by beating 3-2 . Edinburgh City extended unbeaten league run to seven matches with a 0-0 draw at Clyde 's Broadwood Stadium . Montrose won 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers , while Stirling Albion beat Annan Athletic to move off bottom spot . Fraser Mullen 's free-kick gave Cowden the lead against Forfar , but Lewis Milne headed the visitors level . Swankie 's first strike of the day temporarily gave side the lead , only for Mullen to convert another free-kick . Kris Renton 's strike put the hosts back in front , Josh Peters fired Forfar level again and Swankie 's left-foot shot in stoppage time settled the match . was also late drama at Gayfield , where Elgin moved into a two-goal lead through strikes by Brian Cameron and Chris McLeish . Bryan Prunty headed Arbroath back into the match and then set up Steven Doris to equalise . The hosts had on-loan Dundee United defender Jassem Sukar sent off for a second booking and Elgin 's Thomas Reilly suffered the same fate . was a further twist in the tale as Keiran Stewart fouled Colin Hamilton and Doris converted the resulting penalty . was an early spot-kick gave Annan the lead at Forthbank Stadium , Max Wright scoring after Ross Smith had impeded Aidan Smith . Darren Lee Smith 's strike and Ross McMillan 's header turned the match in Stirling 's favour in the first half and Dylan Nguene Bikey fired Albion 's clinching goal 15 minutes from the end . Ryan Ferguson and substitute Jonny Court netted either side of Michael McKenna 's leveller as Montrose claimed second consecutive win over Berwick , with all three goals coming in the second half .", "The park authority 's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing . However , added that the developer 's three planning applications for the project were \" not deemed to meet with a range of other planning policies \" . Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd , part of the Tulloch Homes Group , had sought approval for the scheme . The housing project has been going through the planning process for more than 10 years . Among the planning committee 's reasons for refusal were that environmental impacts had not been fully assessed . Rare red squirrels , capercaillie and wood ants had been recorded in the area . Committee members were also told the village 's Carr Road was unsuitable as an access for the majority of houses proposed . Carrbridge , known for 18th century packhorse bridge , has a population of about 700 people .", "Patients on two wards at University Hospital Llandough are suffering from the illness , can pass quickly from person to person . The hospital said the spread of the virus would be limited if people made only absolutely necessary visits . Cardiff and Vale health board said was asking people to be \" sensible \" . Chief operating officer Alice Casey said : \" Many people will have the norovirus bug at this time of year - see every year and , for most people , will be unpleasant but not serious . \" But when norovirus spreads in hospitals , where patients are already unwell and are in close proximity to each other on wards , the effects can be more serious . \" Norovirus is a highly contagious virus causes nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . The symptoms begin about 12 to 48 hours after infection and usually last for between 12 and 60 hours .", "\" The gritters are now travelling to various workshops for maintenance , just like getting a car serviced ,\" said a highways official . The \" low-risk \" season begins in October with \" high-risk \" starting in November . The county council said had to think about the upcoming winter even when was \" boiling hot \" . The fleet of more than 40 vehicles covers about 1,865 miles ( 3,000km ) of roads including all major traffic routes and selected A and B roads . Officials said the service was stood down in April but had to start again surprisingly soon . Richard Fenwick , from county council highways , said : \" The end of summer is a busy time , even when is boiling hot have to think about . \" have drivers go out during the day to make sure know the routes , iron out any wrinkles . \" The authority said had about 35,000 tonnes of salt in stock and would expect to use about 25,000 tonnes in an average year .", "The way work , play and live with robots is changing . In a special series Ricky travels the country meeting the robots of the future and the scientists working on . From spending a night in a robot house to getting a brain scan , Ricky finds out how and why relationship with robots is changing , fast . Check out first report here ...", "Although Gillian McCusker had fallen out with Rachel and Nyomi Fee just before the two-year-old 's death had been very close friends with the pair . said never suspected any wrongdoing during the time knew the Fees . The couple were convicted of killing Liam at Fife home in March 2014 . had blamed another boy for the murder . Ms McCusker said would now change a \" friends forever \" tattoo , that had done with the Fees , so would not have a daily reminder of the women . said : \" was shocked , totally shocked when everything happened . \" looked out of window and saw a load of ambulances and saw standing in the street shouting ' help ' . \" did n't know to do at the time as were n't talking . \" Ms McCusker said regretted that \" nothing \" could be done now that Liam was gone . Ms McCusker said that when went into the Fee 's house to feed snakes when were on holiday in St Andrews was \" nothing out of place \" to make suspect the pair were doing harm . said : \" are going to be in jail for sometime but do n't even deserve a place in prison because are still going to get everything paid for and are still going to get every day of lives . \" 's not fair because are going to come out and are still going to have own lives to lead and little Liam , where is ? Nowhere . \" 's not got a life . So 's never going to be enough , never . \" said was nothing could have done to stop the couple as was unaware were any problems . The former friend also said did not think social services could have done any more to help the children .", "Specialist newsprint manufacturer Palm Paper has submitted the planning application in a bid to cut reliance on imported energy . Due to size , the application will be decided by the secretary of state instead of West Norfolk Borough Council . The plan includes a gas-fired turbine . Palm Paper 's King 's Lynn mill began production in August 2009 and in January this year produced second millionth tonne of newsprint paper . The company said generating own electricity and steam would help reduce carbon footprint . The proposed new plant would replace existing boilers . No concerns have been raised about air quality issues but an environmental management plan is proposed . would prevent construction work generating dust and emissions , would constitute a risk to health or nuisance to local people or industry .", "Most migrants were said to have relocated to accommodation in refitted shipping containers but some moved tents further inside the camp . Authorities want to clear the area next to a motorway for security reasons . Riot police have been overseeing the operation seemed to be happening without incident . The move is part of a new housing project in attempts to improve conditions in the camp , is used by about 5,000 migrants and refugees . The 125 converted containers are equipped with electricity , heating and bunk beds , and each one can accommodate 12 people . Officials had given between 1,000 and 1,500 residents until last Thursday to leave the area , but were reportedly given a grace period until Monday . But many migrants and refugees had refused to use the new accommodation and moved temporary homes further inside the camp , despite poor living conditions . Many reportedly feared could be permanently trapped at the new camp , unable to continue attempts to cross to the UK . Some also expressed unhappiness about leaving an area where have established a community , and are concerned about future treatment by the authorities . \" This ( the container camp ) is the same as a jail . is not good ,\" one resident told the BBC . Volunteers helped residents to move tents from the area in recent days . French and British officials want to reduce the number of migrants in Calais and deter others from arriving in the hope of reaching the UK .", "Essex Police said two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed in Colchester between 18:22 and 18:31 GMT on Saturday . As a result , the force 's temporary deputy chief constable approved use of additional powers to search people . The \" robust policing tactic \" was used for three hours to \" ensure order had been fully restored \" , the force said . A 17-year-old boy and an 18-year-old man from London were arrested , along with a 21-year-old man from Barking . Ch Insp Simon Anslow said none of those were stabbed suffered life-threatening injuries . \" This is a rare situation in any town and are using the full range of legal tools at disposal to keep the overwhelming majority of people safe , while making sure those intent on causing trouble will be swiftly picked up and dealt with ,\" said . \" will be pursuing a vigorous investigation to put all those can find are responsible for this detestable behaviour before the courts . \" The use of section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 gives officers the power to search people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to have a reasonable suspicion . The powers were in force in Colchester town centre from 18:40 until 21:50 GMT on Saturday . Read more on this and other stories on the BBC Essex Live page Colchester MP Will Quince said supported the force 's use of the powers in this instance . \" swift action in getting the section 60 order , is a rarely used piece of legislation , means can stop anybody without reasonable cause to check if have a weapon within a certain time frame - applaud the police for doing that ,\" said .", "The proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the US . Charter is also buying Bright House Networks , another cable operator , for $ 10.4bn . The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers in 41 states . Charter will pay about $ 55bn in cash and stock for Time Warner Cable , with the balance of the $ 78.7bn valuation coming from TWC 's debts . US cable companies are facing stiff competition from online service providers such as Amazon and Netflix , as customers increasingly choose to stream films and television shows over the internet at a time of convenience . Cable companies are responding by trying to cut costs and improve the quality of shows . The new merged cable giant will compete with US cable market leader Comcast , currently has about 27 million customers . Charter 's takeover move comes a month after Comcast abandoned plan to buy Time Warner Cable fearing pressure from regulators . The latest deal is also likely to come under regulatory scrutiny , and the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) quickly issued a statement . \" The FCC reviews every merger on merits and determines whether would be in the public interest ,\" FCC chairman Tom Wheeler said . \" In applying the public interest test , an absence of harm is not sufficient . The commission will look to see how American consumers would benefit if the deal were to be approved . \" The merged company would still be smaller than Comcast , serves about a third of US broadband customers , said analyst Craig Moffett of Moffett Nathanson Research . \" has to be sober about genuine risks that this deal could still be rejected ,\" added . Liberty Broadband , currently owns about a quarter of Charter , is expected to own about 20 % of the new company . The deal values Time Warner Cable at $ 195.71 per share .", "The Night Wolves had planned to enter next week as part of a ride across Europe to commemorate the 70th anniversary of World War Two . Polish Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz had called the plan a \" provocation \" . The Night Wolves' vice-president , Felix Chernyakhovsky , has insisted the bikers still intend to make the trip . \" Everything remains the same . 're starting tomorrow as planned ,\" told Interfax news agency . The Night Wolves are subject to US sanctions for alleged active involvement in Crimea and for helping to recruit separatist fighters for Russian-backed rebels in eastern Ukraine . Russia 's foreign ministry said was \" outraged \" at Poland 's decision . The Night Wolves' planned road trip through Poland stirred such controversy because of the group 's close association with Vladimir Putin and support of Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine . are viewed in Poland as the \" Kremlin 's Hells Angels \" . The day after news of the trip appeared earlier this month many Polish newspapers illustrated the story with a photograph showing a sunglass-wearing , helmetless Russian president riding an enormous three-wheeled Harley-Davidson Lehman Trike with the club in Crimea in 2010 . A Facebook page entitled \" No to the Russian bandits' ride through Poland \" quickly garnered support from more than 10,000 people . The page 's co-host Jarek Podworski , a biker from Krakow , told the Night Wolves were not motorcycle enthusiasts but criminals , some of had taken part in the fighting in eastern Ukraine . Besides , added , Poles remembered the Soviet occupation of Poland . Warsaw has been a strong critic of Moscow 's actions in Ukraine . The Polish foreign ministry said three other Russian biker groups would be allowed into the country . But said was notified of the group 's plans only on Monday , and without details of the route or number of participants . The ministry added that had informed the Russian embassy in Warsaw that the lack of information meant \" could not ensure proper security for the participants \" . However , Russia 's foreign ministry said in a statement : \" is clear that the decision was taken has a political motive . \" The Night Wolves intend to cross several countries , following a path taken by the Red Army in World War Two , with the aim of arriving in Berlin in time for 9 May Victory Day celebrations in Moscow . The 6,000km ( 3,720 mile ) road trip would take through Russia , Belarus , Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Austria , before reaching Germany .", "The 32-year-old had been in poor form but made a double century to inspire side 's fightback after England made 629-6 declared in Cape Town . \" believe can be of greater value as a fully focused batsman and senior player at this time ,\" said Amla . AB de Villiers will lead South Africa in the third Test in Johannesburg , starts on 14 January . After appointment as successor to Graeme Smith in June 2014 , Amla captained the world number one side in 14 Tests . won four and drew six but came under pressure during a 3-0 series defeat in India . Amla said had considered quitting before the start of the series against England , won the first Test by 241 runs in Durban last week . Until marathon effort at Newlands , Amla , a veteran of 90 Tests and 7,108 runs , had not hit a Test century since December 2014 . \" honestly feel a lot of the criticism Hashim has faced in the last couple of weeks is very harsh ,\" said South Africa coach Russell Domingo . \" is one of South Africa 's greatest players . has n't been enough respect shown of achievements as a player . \" De Villiers had raised doubts about future in Test cricket during the first Test because of busy workload , and handed over wicketkeeping duties to Quinton de Kock for the second match . The 31-year-old , already leads the one-day side , said : \" is an incredible honour to captain South Africa in any format . The captaincy has obviously come at short notice and is the realisation of a lifelong dream . \" At the moment priority and focus is placed on leading this team to can be a memorable series win against England . This Test squad is motivated and determined to turn performances around and 'm looking forward to taking up that challenge as captain . \" England captain Alastair Cook was sad to learn of Amla 's resignation . \" 're under pressure as a captain for a lot of the time ,\" said Cook . \" 's always sad when someone steps down because to captain country is a huge honour and a real privilege . \" 'll have reasons and wish all the best - 's a really nice guy . \" Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat said Amla \" still had a huge role to play in shaping the success of team \" . added : \" is just that type of a person and are very fortunate to have in stable . \" want to thank AB for readily accepting the challenge of rebuilding Test team as seek to remain the best team in the world . \"", "Forecasts were for quarterly growth of between 0.5 % and 0.7 % . Official statistics also showed that household consumption expenditure boosted the quarterly growth numbers . But economist Shane Oliver told the BBC the numbers were \" well below potential \" . On an annual basis the economy expanded 2.3 % , beating expectations for 2.1 % . Economic growth in the March quarter of 2014 was 2.9 % . \" The March quarter GDP [ gross domestic product ] growth was far better than feared just a few days ago ,\" said Mr Oliver , is chief economist with AMP Capital in Sydney . \" However , Australia is still not out of the woods , as annual growth at 2.3 % is well below potential , and a full 0.8 % percentage points of the 0.9 % growth came from higher inventories and trade . \" said domestic demand remained \" very weak with consumer spending and home construction only just offsetting the ongoing slump in mining investment \" . \" So the Australian economy has not crashed - as many had feared would happen after the end of the mining boom - but is continuing to grow at a sub par pace ,\" added . Australia 's economy has been adjusting to a post mining-boom landscape . saw economy grow 0.5 % in the October to December 2014 period from the quarter before , when growth was 0.4 % . On Tuesday , the country 's central bank , the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) , did not cut lending rates further to help boost the economy , despite pressure from businesses to do so . The decision saw Australian stocks fall 1.72 % as investors saw little hope of a further cut in the near future . However , Evan Lucas from IG Markets in Melbourne said \" the collapse of [ Australian stocks ] on the back of the RBA not having an explicit easing bias ... was a bit of an overreaction \" . In May , the RBA cut benchmark lending rate by 25 basis points to an all-time low of 2 % . Rising property prices in Australia 's biggest city , Sydney , a strong currency and a drop in iron ore prices were among the reasons for the cut . The May rate cut was the second this year , following a previous 25 basis point cut in February and followed similar action from central banks in China , Canada , Singapore , Korea and India . A rising Australian dollar had also been cause for concern , particularly for Australia 's big mining and energy exporters . Mr Oliver said more help would likely to be required \" in the form of an even lower Australian dollar - and to ensure this happens the RBA may yet still have to cut interest rates further into record low territory . \"", "But the summer visitor is in decline and , according to a new study , migratory habits may be to blame . Scientists have tagged birds leaving the UK and believe take two different routes on journey to spend the winter in Africa . Surprisingly , survival is lower on the shorter route via Spain , report in the journal , Nature Communications . And this suggests that migration - as well as other factors such as loss of farmland and insect food - may be to blame for the cuckoo 's decline . More than half of cuckoos in the UK have been lost over the past 20 years , according to the British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) in Norfolk , led the research . \" That pattern of starting in the same place but taking two very different routes to get there has not been seen before in any birds , to the best of knowledge ,\" said lead researcher Dr Chris Hewson . \" need to understand the full annual cycle of a migratory bird in order to understand population decline . \" Facts about the common cuckoo Source : British Library / RSPB / BTO Since 2011 , the BTO has been satellite-tracking cuckoos to study migration patterns when leave the UK . Working with the University of Copenhagen , the charitable research institute used satellite tags to track 42 male common cuckoos from the UK population during more than 50 autumn migrations . The researchers found that birds from declining populations were more likely to migrate to winter breeding grounds in central Africa along a western route ( through Spain ) than along an eastern route ( via Italy and the Balkans ) . The higher mortality occurred before reaching the harsh environment of the Sahara desert , despite the fact that the western route is about a tenth shorter at this point . The scientists think birds may have encountered challenging drought conditions in Spain . Alternatively , may have been deprived of insect food such as hairy caterpillars before leaving the UK , leaving with lower fat stores for hazardous journey . Migratory bird species are increasingly threatened around the world due to factors including climate change , habitat change and habitat loss . Migratory birds ' lack world protection ' Understanding where mortality occurs during annual cycles is therefore increasingly important , especially for long-distance migratory land birds , show some of the steepest population declines , say the scientists . Follow Helen on Twitter .", "Donaldson , 41 , moved to eight under par at Barseback Golf and Country Club to lead from Italy 's Renato Paratore . Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin , was tied for the lead on Thursday , are a stroke further back in Malmo . \" made some great escapes and the chipping and putting has been better ,\" said Donaldson . \" 've just got to keep doing the same things , do n't think too far ahead about winning tournaments as yet because 's only two rounds in . \" Donaldson , is looking for a fourth European Tour title , carded five birdies and just first bogey of the week to take the lead . \" 've been playing some nice golf and just not been able to put all together , the first couple of days here 've been able to do that ,\" added the world number 256 . Orrin , secured a rookie season on the European Tour via the qualifying school , had shared the overnight lead with Paratore , but the 23-year-old could only add a level-par 73 to opening 68 . and 39-year-old Storm , is seeking second win of the season , are joined in tied third by France 's Benjamin Hebert .", "are currently five drop-in clinics in England for victims of the practice , affects an estimated 200 million women and girls worldwide . But is no such medical provision in Wales . Now charity Bawso is working to open a pilot clinic at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary to provide medical and psychological help to survivors . In 2014-15 Bawso supported 788 families affected by FGM in Wales , according to the World Health Organization involves \" the partial or total removal of the female external genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons \" . Bawso 's violence against women director Dr Mwenya Chima said : \" In the UK are women 's clinics for women have had FGM , for medical and psychological help . Survivors can just walk in and ask for help . \" But in Wales do n't have any of that . are trying to make a case to health agencies that need to have this kind of clinic , even if is initially for one day a week for a year to see if is a demand . \" Dr Chima believes is a big gap in the support provided , and that many survivors of FGM in Wales are not known about . said : \" worked with a young women recently - a survivor of FGM - wanted medical help as was having problems . Although wanted help was already in two minds about having anything done as was going against parents . \" tried to get help from the clinic in Bristol , but were delays because was outside the area , so in the end did n't happen and is still living with these problems now . \" The call comes as the world marks the international day of zero tolerance to FGM - a UN-sponsored event to raise awareness of the issue . Although has been illegal to carry out FGM in the UK since 1985 , have been no successful prosecutions relating to the practice , is carried out for cultural and religious reasons in certain communities .", "Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders visitor centre in Jedburgh . comes ahead of a number proposals , are at various stages of the planning process , to open the region 's first whisky distillery since 1837 . Lead distiller Kate Macinnes said the potential to make the Scottish Borders a \" region of distilling excellence \" was \" really exciting \" . \" gin production is on a completely different scale to the other distilleries in development ,\" said . \" still is one of the smallest production stills in the UK , and entire operation fits into a cowshed , but if people like gin , that 's all matters . \" have a rich abundance of wild food on doorstep in the Teviot valley , and Lilliard Gin aims to capture that and convey a true sense of the local flavour palette and Borders ' terroir '.\" John Henderson , of Born in the Borders , said the gin distillery was a natural companion to the Scottish Borders Brewery on the site . \" To be able to play host to the first new distillery in the Borders in nearly 200 years is incredible ,\" said . \" And the fact that Lilliard Gin are looking to use Borders botanicals means are completely in tune with own ethos of local sourcing . \" just ca n't wait for to get started , and to taste gin . \" The gin takes name from a legendary Borders figure . \" Lilliard was the heroine of the Battle of Ancrum Moor in 1545 , fought just north of the distillery ,\" explained Ms Macinnes . \" Lilliard reputedly fought to avenge the death of lover at the hands of the English . The battle site is also known as Lilliard 's Edge . \" wanted a name reflected landscape , and strong female production team , and Lilliard seemed like a natural choice . \"", "About half of the former John Player factory in Radford , built in 1895 , has now been torn down in a series of controlled demolitions . The decision on whether to erase completely will be made by owners and insurers . Senior firefighters have said the blaze at the Victorian landmark , was being converted into student accommodation , was the most complex had ever dealt with . So how much damage has the fire done to the city 's architectural landscape ? Maria Erskine , curator of community history for Nottingham City Museums and Galleries describes the site as \" significant \" in terms of the social and economic history of the city . says the factory was envisaged in the 1880s and was the only remaining one commissioned by John Player . \" Radford was an undeveloped area before these factories were built , so really showed the growth ,\" Ms Erskine said . \" was built just after Radford Boulevard was laid down and was the building up of Radford , so that 's why was so significant . \" Players built three factories in the area , though originally only needed one . was used by the lace-making industry before cigarette production began there in 1903 . Players' Victorian factories featured high ceilings and large windows . Many of the company 's original buildings were demolished when the larger Horizon factory was built to meet the firm 's production needs in Lenton in the 1970s . \" Players relocated because could n't build anymore in Radford as was so much housing and that 's why 's been a slow erosion of these buildings . \" The firm 's advertising later took off through slogans such as \" Player 's Please \" , was registered in 1924 . Player 's sponsorship of major sporting events such as motor racing , tennis and rugby in the last half of the 20th Century also helped become a household name . The Lotus Formula One team was sponsored by John Player from the late 1960s until the 1980s . In 2009 , the city council and the University of Nottingham began an online archive of more than 20,000 objects from the firm 's history . The items include adverts , packaging and enamel signs from the 1890s to the 1980s .", "Dale Merza , 20 , is charged with misdemeanour hazing after the alleged attack last October on Andrew Seely , 19 , at Central Michigan University . Mr Seely , was sleeping at the time of the incident , sought medical treatment for serous facial swelling . The accused could get 93 days in jail and a $ 1,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 800 ) fine if convicted . Mr Merza 's legal representative told the Detroit Free Press client , was charged on Friday in Isabella County District Court , was innocent . \" This case has been blown way out of proportion by the individual 's family members , were not present and do n't have any of the facts ,\" lawyer Bruce Leach told the newspaper . is an induction ritual meted out typically to new members of the US college men and women 's social clubs known as fraternities and sororities , but also to military recruits . The practice can include physical violence , sexual coercion , forced alcohol consumption , or degrading and dangerous \" pranks \" such as forcing people to eat vile food mixtures or consume large amounts of water . is illegal in most US states , amounting usually to a misdemeanour charge , unless are serious injuries . has been a nationwide crackdown on hazing after high-profile deaths including that of Florida A & M University drumming student Robert Champion . Why is hazing so common ? Mr Seely was targeted at an off-campus fraternity house , Alpha Chi Rho , was sanctioned in 2011 for hazing incidents . mother , Teresa Seely , wrote about the alleged hazing in a viral Facebook post in March , saying : \" could have been killed . \" The accounting student only told family had happened months afterwards . blamed the incident for decision to leave the college . The teenager 's father , Paul Seely , told CBS News son could have been killed if the peanut butter had entered mouth . The Seely family said son had made known to other members of the fraternity that had a severe peanut allergy , for carries medication . The National Fraternity of Alphi Chi Rho condemned the incident , saying did not condone such behaviour . \" Alpha Chi Rho is appalled and upset by the actions taken by individuals against Andrew Seely ,\" said statement .", "A social media campaign had proposed giving Halti mountain summit to Finland for 100th birthday next year . The border between the two countries runs up the mountain near peak . But Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg said that sadly had had to turn down the idea because the country 's constitution prohibited any sacrifice of Norwegian territory . Part of Halti mountain is already in Finland - and forms current highest point - but the peak is 20m ( 66ft ) across the border inside Norwegian territory . Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit , at 1,330m ( 4,363 ft ) , to Finland , saying the change would be barely visible on the map . had argued that the peak \" would be a wonderful gift to sister nation \" to mark independence from Russia , and not a big loss to mountainous Norway , has much higher peaks . The campaign 's Facebook page got 17,000 likes , with support from both sides of the border . But hit upon an insurmountable legal issue . \" Border adjustments between countries raise challenging legal problems , among linked to the Norwegian constitution ,\" Ms Solberg wrote to Svein Leiros , the mayor of the town of Kaafjord in northern Norway , supported the campaign . Norway 's 1814 constitution stipulates that the country is \" indivisible \" - and apparently not even an area the size of a football pitch can be split off . \" will instead consider another suitable gift to Finland on anniversary ,\" the prime minister added .", "Mr Tillerson , former head of Exxon Mobil with no previous political experience , said in an interview was \" stunned \" with the invitation . \" did n't want this job . did n't seek this job ,\" told the conservative website Independent Journal Review ( IJR ) during recent visit to Asia . \" wife told 'm supposed to do this . \" In the wide-ranging interview , Mr Tillerson said had been due to retire this month after spending more than 40 years at oil giant Exxon Mobil . turns 65 on Thursday . \" was going to go to the ranch to be with grandkids ,\" added in the interview , as returned to the US from Beijing . Mr Tillerson said had never met Donald Trump before election in November . When was invited for a conversation with the then president-elect , thought would talk \" about the world \" given experiences at the oil company , added . \" When asked at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state , was stunned . \" Mr Tillerson then gave the news to wife , Renda St Clair , said : \" told God 's not through with . \" added : \" wife convinced . was right . 'm supposed to do this . \" was Mr Tillerson 's first interview since took office and correspondents say has so far kept a low profile at the state department . came under criticism after the state department press corps was not taken along with on trip to Asia . The IJR 's Erin McPike was the only reporter allowed to travel with . The state department said this was because of the size of the plane . But in the interview Mr Tillerson said : \" 'm not a big media press access person . personally do n't need . \" understand 's important to get the message of 're doing out , but also think 's only a purpose in getting the message out when 's something to be done . \" Mr Tillerson has also been criticised for close ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin . But when the subject came up in the interview , the IJR said : \" was so cagey when Russia came up , for example , that answer was n't even worthy of inclusion . \"", "Suffolk side Needham Market FC were heading to Folkestone when hit a jam on the M20 in Kent on Saturday . As reported on the Ryman Football League website , were approached by a woman was late for wedding . Club secretary Mark Easlea said wanted to know if got to the church on time and to congratulate . More news from Suffolk Despite posing for the photo with the bride-to-be - appeared to be in decent spirits even though journey to wedding had been disrupted - appeared none of the men had asked name was , where was from or where was going , Mr Easlea said . \" Everyone had got out of the coach and was sitting at the side of the road in the blistering heat , when wandered along and said ' Lads , can have a photo with on wedding day ?' . \" was obviously as late as everyone else and 've no idea how long kept the groom waiting at the altar , but 'd dearly love someone to contact the club and tell is , as think brought luck ,\" said . The Ryman Premier League side beat Folkestone Invicta 1-0 when eventually kicked off an hour later than planned . The M20 remained partially closed until Sunday after the bridge collapsed on Saturday lunchtime after being hit by a lorry carrying a digger . Two large cranes cleared the debris from the road is the main route to the Channel Tunnel . A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when threw from bike to avoid hitting the fallen bridge but nobody else was injured .", "The 18-year-old from Birmingham was detained after arriving back in the UK on Saturday morning . follows the arrest of a 24-year-old man and 20-year-old woman , both from Birmingham , on 4 April , are on bail , West Midlands police said . is not in connected with five terror arrests on Friday linked to attacks in Europe , the force confirmed .", "is hoped models of three soldiers - each depicting one of the old regiments - will be cast in bronze and displayed at the Arboretum in Staffordshire . The Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association said a \" substantial amount \" of the \u00c2 \u00a3 140,000 cost had been raised . A fundraising appeal has now been launched to raise the remaining money . Mike Richardson , of the Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association , said the sculptures would also be a \" salute \" to the families of those people served in the three disbanded regiments , \" not only in the small operations during so-called peace time but in the two devastating world wars \" . Paddy King-Fretts , served in the 2nd Battalion Dorset Regiment , completing three tours in Northern Ireland , said the statues \" mean a lot \" . \" 've been to the National Memorial Arboretum three times and the names of soldiers fell are engraved on the walls there , but 's nice to have something to compliment that and for the rest of the nation to see and ponder about ,\" said . The sculptures will be created in Andover , Hampshire , before moving to the Arboretum in Alrewas - the UK 's national site of remembrance .", "John Coyle tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow 's Easterhouse , but left empty-handed after the worker shouted to mother also worked there . The High Court in Glasgow heard that Coyle 's \" very distinctive \" hair could be seen on the footage . The 43-year-old , from Cranhill , will be sentenced in the new year . emerged Coyle had served a number of lengthy jail terms for similar crimes . had only recently been released after being jailed for a robbery in 2009 before the latest attack in October .", "The coins , are known as Scottish groats , were discovered by keen metal detector Tom Crawford last January . were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge . Experts believe are part of a larger hoard of coins found by Mr Crawford in the same field in 2001 . The collection was probably dispersed over time through ploughing . This was Mr Crawford 's fourth time at a treasure trove inquest . said success was about \" knowing where to go \" and \" having a fair idea of where to look \" . \" is more chance of finding something where know people would have been living 1,000 years ago ,\" added . said discovering long-buried artefacts was a \" euphoric \" feeling . \" 's not so much the money , 's the fact that are the first person to touch something in 700 years ,\" said . \" found a 3,000-year-old bronze axe about 10 years ago and 's the idea that something has been hidden for so long and then get to see and touch . \" Former curator at the Ulster Museum , Robert Heslip , said the hoard of coins was probably buried near a landmark - a small Rath ring fort . The person left may have died before reclaiming . said finds like this one are significant because are specific to a particular time and to this part of Northern Ireland . \" find virtually nothing like this in the south of Ireland and peter out in the west ,\" said . \" have been a cluster of these sorts of finds in eastern Ulster . \" The coins will now be sent to the British Museum in London for valuation . is thought are probably worth between \u00c2 \u00a3 50 and \u00c2 \u00a3 100 each . will be offered for sale and any profit is split between the finder and the owner of the land where the treasure was uncovered .", "Caitlin Ruddy had been with a group of teenagers on the north pier at Cullercoats Bay on Saturday evening . Northumbria Police said was rescued from the side of the bay by a member of the public . Caitlin died in hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest . mother , Sabrina Cook , said had lost \" everything \" . Mrs Cook has warned young people \" not to take water for granted , because is dangerous \" . \" 've lost daughter through ,\" said . \" was stunning , was everything really , was friend . \" Caitlin 's friends and family have been paying respects at Cullercoats Bay , writing messages in the sand and leaving flowers . A RNLI lifeboat , a Coastguard search-and-rescue helicopter and police were called to the scene at about 20:00 GMT . Caitlin was taken to Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital in Cramlington . Another 15-year old girl , and a boy and girl both aged 14 , were also taken to hospital as a precaution but were uninjured , police said . Ch Insp Paul Knox issued a warning that \" people can be taken unawares by the strength of the waves \" when is dark and cold . \" People should always be careful around water and if the sea is looking rough with waves pounding on to the pier , would advise people to be particularly cautious and keep distance ,\" said . A Cullercoats resident witnessed the rescue operation said the weather had been \" absolutely freezing \" . Newcastle University lecturer Clare Guilding said the beach was a popular place for teenagers to congregate . \" was minus 2C , but once get out on the front was just bitterly , bitterly cold ,\" said .", "The scooter Danny Glass was riding on with Sophie Emma Rose Anderson collided with a truck in Phuket on 8 May . Mr Glass , 29 , originally from Margate , escaped serious injury . Now and the lorry driver Natt Awut Timsue are to be charged with causing death by reckless driving , Thai police said . Mr Glass - lived in Thailand with Ms Anderson - is to hear the charges formally on Thursday and a translator has been called in for the hearing . family is expected to attend . Ms Anderson , 41 , originally from Blackpool , was a keen video blogger , as was Mr Glass . had a YouTube channel called Sophie 's Joy Breastfeeding Mama , on uploaded videos about nursing son until the age of eight . After death Mr Glass paid tribute to in a video uploaded on YouTube . said \" missed so much \" and added : \" Somebody wake up from this nightmare ... is meant to be having baby in three months . \" On Tuesday posted another video titled ' When will come back to Youtube ' , in stated would not be posting any more videos for \" a while \" and did not know when would return online . said : \" 's not the right time at the moment , need to get life in order and get through this death . \" A Foreign Office spokesman said : \" are in contact with the Thai police and are providing consular support to a British man following a road traffic accident in Bangkok . \"", "Leonie Granger from Gillingham , Kent , was sentenced at the Old Bailey having been found guilty of manslaughter . boyfriend Kyrron Jackson , 28 , and friend Nicholas Chandler , 29 , were found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years . Granger targeted Mehmet Hassan , 56 , in a Mayfair casino in March last year . Judge William Kennedy described the attack as \" pitiless and wicked \" , adding : \" was quite simply an act of brutality defies reason and compassion . \" Granger 's lawyer Orlando Pownall said only took part in the plot as was in love with Jackson and \" fell in with desires \" and now \" deeply regretted \" actions . \" head was turned by Jackson , loved , and to some extent by Chandler was persuasive and superficially charming ,\" said . But Judge Kennedy said had been \" deceitful from the outset \" and had \" lost sense and compassion \" when got involved . added that clearly cared more for Jackson than cared for . Granger , posed under the name of Rachel , was wined and dined by the divorced father of three boasted to friends was not paying to be with , the court heard earlier . On the night was killed , Mr Hassan had taken Granger to the upmarket Nobu restaurant before giving \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 to gamble with at the nearby Palm Beach Casino . The two were seen kissing passionately by a poker supervisor , before leaving the casino together for Mr Hassan 's flat in Islington . Granger then let Jackson and Chandler into the poker player 's flat before leaving in a taxi . Both men tied up Mr Hassan with parcel tape and a neck tie before kicking and stamping to death , the trial was told . Afterwards , while lay dead in a pool of blood , all three were filmed on Granger 's mobile phone throwing \u00c2 \u00a3 50 notes around a room and even stuffing in underpants . Commenting on the footage , Judge Kennedy told the three defendants : \" The eloquence with speaks about is deafening . \"", "Shaw will be joined on the 18 July flight to Los Angeles by fellow England World Cup squad member Wayne Rooney . Spain 's Juan Mata and David De Gea are also named , plus Japan 's Shinji Kagawa . \" are delighted to have such a strong travelling squad for pre-season tour to the United States ,\" said assistant manager Ryan Giggs . United have already confirmed new manager Louis van Gaal will be present , even though could be involved in the World Cup final with Netherlands , only five days before squad leave Manchester . Van Gaal 's side have a minimum of four games in the US , starting against Los Angeles Galaxy on 23 July and including an International Champions Cup programme against Roma , Nemanja Vidic 's new club Inter Milan and Real Madrid .", "The systems , at Kentucky Methodist Hospital , Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , California , are now running normally again . None of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom . And the cases are now being investigated by the FBI . The Kentucky Methodist Hospital had to shut down all of desktop computers and activate a back-up system . A message on homepage said : \" Methodist Hospital is currently working in an internal state of emergency due to a computer virus has limited use of electronic web-based services . \" are currently working to resolve this issue , until then will have limited access to web-based services and electronic communications . \" later said no patient data or care had been affected . Fred Ortega , a spokesman for Prime Healthcare Services , owns Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , said : \" did cause significant disruptions of IT systems . \" However , most of the systems and the critical infrastructure has been brought back online . \" The attack comes weeks after was revealed Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Centre in Los Angeles had been attacked by ransomware . In that case , paid $ 17,000 to get access to files back . Kentucky Methodist Hospital information systems director Jamie Reid named the malware involved as Locky , a new bug encrypts files , documents and images and renames with the extension . locky . The most common way Locky gets on machines is via a spam email with an attached document looks like nonsense and advises readers to enable macros \" if the data encoding is incorrect \" . Once the malware is downloaded , sends a message to desktops with instructions about how users can pay to have files unlocked . In November , a report from Intel 's McAfee labs said the number of ransomware attacks was expected to grow in 2016 . Security expert Brian Krebs said : \" 's a fair bet that as ransomware attacks and attackers mature , these schemes will slowly become more targeted . \" also worry that these more deliberate attackers will take a bit more time to discern how much the data 've encrypted is really worth , and precisely how much the victim might be willing to pay to get back . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device mission is to inspire , empower and motivate online community in the pursuit of feeling BodyPositive . And 'll be with every step of the way as enjoy and celebrate being . 're proud of all the things make unique and reckon that by embracing differences can make own lives happier - and inspire someone else along the way . 'll be bringing the very best in the world of health & fitness , wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty to inspire to enjoy this next year exactly the way want . And want to share lives with too by tweeting , posting , sharing , snapping and chatting way through the next six months . Stay tuned and join body brigade ! On January 27 , 'll be getting up close and personal with R1 's Gemma Cairney with a BodyPositive takeover of The Surgery with Gemma and Dr Radha , so is want to talk about ? Perhaps 've hidden something about for years and are now ready to tell the world . Maybe 've got a secret even friends and family do n't know . The chances are , 're not alone . 've all got stories and now 's time to share . 're looking for real life tales of how 've overcome something embarrassed , or maybe made feel alone or awkward . could be anything from a physical scar to a deep fear or a condition that perhaps think people just do n't understand . 'll back story up with expert advice and enable to share experience with a community of people are just like . And maybe 'll be the inspiration for someone else too . Drop a email with an idea of want to talk about along with contact details . 'd love to hear from . If are 16 or 17 may need parental permission to include contributions .", "The Romanian diners , had paid a deposit of \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 900 ($ 950 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 770 ) , left the El Carmen restaurant in Bembibre as dessert was due to be served , Antonio Rodriguez said . \" happened in the space of a minute ,\" said . \" was something had planned and left in a stampede . \" The diners owe \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2,000 more , said . Mr Rodriguez gave police the details on the reservation but said held out little hope of being repaid . Police told El Pais newspaper had not yet been able to contact any of the diners . The diners had consumed starters , a main course and 30 bottles of various alcoholic drinks , said , adding that was the first time in 35 years of working in the restaurant trade had seen seen anything comparable .", "were 70 reports during the lambing season earlier this year compared with 45 over the same time last year . Police Scotland said the crime , involved dogs chasing farm animals , had previously been under-reported . said 60 % of this year 's incidents were detected and the dogs' owners reported to the procurator fiscal . Most of the offences reported were in Aberdeenshire , Highlands and Islands and Lanarkshire . Sheep were the most common animal affected . Other animals involved included horses and cattle . In 79 % of incidents , livestock were killed or injured , and on average this involved two or three sheep per incident . Most incidents - 70 % - involved only one dog and in 73 % of cases the offending dog was local to that area , with more than half of all incidents involving a dog roaming free and where no owner was present . Insp Jane Donaldson , Police Scotland 's rural crime co-ordinator , said the rise in reports followed a campaign encouraging farmers and crofters to contact police about livestock worrying incidents . said : \" Livestock worrying has previously been under-reported . \" Farmers were often reluctant to report incidents to police , particularly where was a ' near miss' and no physical damage was done to livestock . \" A significant part of the spring campaign was to get this message out to farmers and encourage to report all incidents and think that this is reflected in the increase in reported crimes . \" More accurate reporting has improved understanding of the problem , increasing intelligence about the how , where and why these incidents are occurring . \" Anne Gray , policy officer with Scottish Land and Estates , said : \" are very pleased with how successful this year 's campaign has been and will continue to support the initiative going forward . \" is vital that livestock worrying incidents are reduced . \" No-one wants to see this type of completely unnecessary suffering and the higher the profile of these incidents the more , hope , will prompt the small minority of irresponsible dog owners to change ways and ensure know where dog is at all times . \"", "Ocon , 20 , is contracted long-term to Mercedes , Force India 's engine provider , and has been racing for Manor in the second half of this season . replaces German Nico Hulkenberg , 29 , has moved to Renault , and will be alongside Mexican Sergio Perez , 26 . \" Spending half a season at Manor Racing has given some valuable experience and feel ready for this ,\" said Ocon . \" 's something 've been working towards whole life and intend to grab this opportunity with both hands . \" want to say thank to everybody at Manor and especially to Mercedes-Benz for support and belief in . ca n't wait for 2017 and first full season racing in Formula One . \" Ocon joined Manor for the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August and has impressed increasingly as the season has progressed . Both and Manor team-mate Pascal Wehrlein are contracted to Mercedes' junior driver programme . Ocon 's best results for Manor have been the 16th-placed finishes secured at the Belgian Grand Prix and at last month 's Malaysian Grand Prix . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "A Care Inspectorate report has found that some staff at Kingsmead in Kingswells were not treating people with \" dignity and respect \" . Some residents had lost weight , with concerns being raised that nutritional needs were not being met . The report said that in some incidences , people were being treated like \" objects \" . The report said one lunchtime service was \" chaotic \" and the dining experience for people was \" very poor \" . said management and staff displayed poor knowledge of clinical needs . The report called for significant improvements , including staff development . Mike Best , group managing director of Mead Medical Holdings , said were concentrating on reducing the number of agency staff , increasing the number of permanent staff and looking at raising standards in the way operated . The home can provide care for up to 55 older people , and up to 10 adults with learning disabilities .", "19 June 2017 Last updated at 08:45 BST But if pooch does n't understand 're saying ? Well , how about , if dog understood a different language altogether ? Ricky has been finding out about one dog was having some language issues .", "Mark Mason , 48 , of Rhyl , Denbighshire , was stabbed to death in the car park of the town 's Home Bargains on 27 October . James Davies , 20 , was convicted of murder , and Anthony Baines , 30 , and Mark Ennis , 30 were convicted of manslaughter at Mold Crown Court . Jake Melia , 21 , previously admitted the charges and the four will be sentenced in June . Davies , Baines and Ennis , all from Liverpool , denied murdering Mr Mason . also denied maliciously wounding Justin Trickett and Sam Illidge - were in the same vehicle as Mr Mason - with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm . Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge were also stabbed in the attack , but wounds were less severe . Baines was found guilty of one count of wounding , but Davies and Ennis were cleared of those charges . Mrs Justice Nicola Davies remanded all three in custody until sentencing , said would take place over three days . The trial heard the attack was the result of a turf war had erupted between two rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade in Rhyl . Paul Lewis QC , prosecuting , told the trial Mr Mason , a father of two , was \" repeatedly and fatally stabbed \" by the three defendants and Melia as sat in the passenger seat of a van in the car park . was stabbed 22 times in less than a minute . The four killers were members of the \" Pensarn Crew \" , sometimes called \" Ste 's Crew \" , Mr Lewis said . Mr Mason , Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge were members of \" Mark 's Crew \" , or \" Marco 's Crew \" - although was not suggested Mr Mason was the leader . \" The fatal attack appears to have been an act of retribution on the part of the defendants and Melia ,\" said Mr Lewis . Jurors were shown CCTV footage of a white Renault van near The Cob area of Rhyl on the afternoon of 27 October showed the white van being stopped by a black BMW 4X4 . Shouts of \" stab \" and \" kill \" could be heard . The prosecution said the killing was retribution for an earlier incident when Melia and Davies were said to have been chased by masked armed men while drug dealing in the area .", "Akpan , 25 , was dismissed in the 87th minute of Rovers' 2-1 Championship defeat by Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday , 14 February . The Nigeria international denied the charge , was upheld by an independent regulatory commission . Rovers were fined \u00a3 5,000 for players' response to the incident . has already missed one game as part of the ban , with Friday 's game against Burton also included , leaving with two further games to serve .", "The 21-year-old is eligible to face Macclesfield on Saturday . Former Port Vale player Jefford has made 27 appearances for Welling this season . \" Ben is a good young player potentially feel is a league player ,\" Rovers assistant boss Jamie Day told BBC Wiltshire . \" has gained some good experience . \"", "The hosts lost both openers cheaply , as Nick Gubbins was caught off the bowling of James Tomlinson , and Sam Robson edged Tino Best to Jimmy Adams . But Voges and Malan 's 279-run stand put Middlesex firmly on top , before Malan edged Liam Dawson to slip for 147 . Voges remained unbeaten at the close on 128 alongside John Simpson ( 28 ) as Middlesex finished the day on 342-3 . Middlesex 's third-wicket partnership leaves in strong position to claim first win in the County Championship this season , having drawn all six of games so far . Voges' ton , first of the season , came off 200 balls , taking the former Australia batsman beyond 13,000 first-class runs in career . Malan was more aggressive in dismantling Hampshire 's bowling attack , hitting 17 fours and two sixes before getting dismissed attempting to drive a Dawson delivery . The visitors could take few positives from performance , but will remain hopeful of salvaging a draw from the game , with poor weather forecast for Tuesday 's third day .", "Croydon NHS managers have decided to withdraw NHS prescriptions for formula feed to help reduce budget deficits . Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) said the plan could save the NHS thousands of pounds per year . Mother Sarah Rose however said was \" like taking milk from a baby \" as seven-month-old son Sam depended on . Richmond Clinical Commissioning Group is consulting about withdrawing formula prescriptions too and the consultation runs until 3 February . said : \" is proposed that GPs no longer provide soya-based infant formula milk , thickened infant formulas or formulas for lactose intolerance on prescription as these are now widely available to buy from community pharmacies and supermarkets at a similar cost to standard infant formula . \" People might be affected include those with cow 's milk protein allergy and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease , warned , but calculated this would provide a saving of \u00a3 386,000 per year . Standard formula milk costs about \u00a3 10 for a week 's supply and is available in supermarkets and chemists . Miss Rose , a 33-year-old primary school support assistant and mother-of-two , said Sam had a prescription for the specialist formula would otherwise cost \u00a3 40 online for one tin would feed for about two and half days . said : \" The tins are about half the size of normal milk formula so works out at eight times the price . \" \" have n't got a lot of money . This is not being fussy , but 's like taking milk from a baby \" , said . \" went to A & E twice before [ Sam ] was diagnosed with this allergy at about four months . was screaming in pain all the time . arched back and started refusing milk . Now 's a normal baby . do n't ever want to go back to that again . \" An online petition calling on the CCG to reverse decision has attracted more than 6,000 signatures and charities , such as Allergy UK and Anaphylaxis Campaign , expressed disappointment and urged a rethink . Dr Tony Brzezicki , Clinical Chair of NHS Croydon CCG said : \" share the public 's concerns and will do can to reduce the impact on the most vulnerable in communities and to make sure funding is there for those with the greatest clinical need . \" said the prescriptions would cease in the coming months and families would be given notice of the plans before the change took effect . \" These are very difficult decisions but need to focus limited resources where can have the biggest impact on people 's health and well-being ,\" added .", "Vithiya Alphons , 24 , has acute myeloid leukaemia but Sri Lankan background makes the search hard as not many South Asian people are on donor registers . launched a social media campaign to help find a match . Charity Anthony Nolan said 5,600 have signed up in the last week . \" The impact of Vithiya 's appeal has been nothing short of incredible ,\" said Ann O'Leary , head of register development , at the charity . \" But Vithiya still needs to find stem cell match and are people just like all across the world are still waiting . \" need to continue to diversify the register so can find a match for all . \" Miss Alphons was diagnosed with the aggressive form of blood cancer after falling ill just days after returning for final year as an optometry student at Cardiff University . started feeling unwell with severe sickness and a fever , while had a pain in leg , so went to doctor for tests . underwent chemotherapy in Cardiff before being well enough to be transferred to a hospital in London , where is from . After third course of chemotherapy , Miss Alphons felt better and thought had beaten illness . But further tests showed the leukaemia was still in blood and doctors told the best option was a stem cell transplant from a donor , is needed in the next two months . Speaking to BBC 's Asian Network Miss Alphons said is grateful for all the support . \" would just like to say thank so much to everyone has registered so far and please , please do carry on registering because can save life and can also save so many other 's lives . \" Please spread the word and help to save life . \"", "Choity Khatun , is three , was born with caudal twinning , meaning that part of a twin had developed in pelvis . Australian surgeons spent months working out how to remove the extra limb and reconstruct pelvic area . The toddler was brought to Australia from village in Bangladesh by a charity , Children First Foundation . Dr Chris Kimber , head of surgery at Monash Children 's Hospital in Victoria , said Choity 's case was very rare and the surgery had been \" daunting \" . \" The operation is sort of determined by the individual and have to spend a lot of time trying to analyse 's there and then plan a procedure takes that into account ,\" told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . The Australian team held extensive discussions with doctors in Bangladesh , had already performed some surgery . The team had to determine whether further surgery was even possible or beneficial before was brought to Australia last year . Doctors in Bangladesh had removed part of the leg \" but was still left with a large mass sitting there in pelvis between two normal legs \" , Dr Kimber said . \" Because 's part of a twin in there , had two rectums , two vaginas , potentially two anuses - double bits were growing into a very abnormal area . \" After a lengthy planning process , the team embarked on the surgery in November . removed the part of the leg was left behind and carried out reconstruction work to ensure the little girl was continent - something will help to function much better back at home . Dr Kimber said the toddler , is partially blind , was now walking and running around , and had put on weight . said might need further corrective surgery during teenage years but would be able to return home to Bangladesh with mother \" without medication or surgical aids \" . mother , Shima Khatun , told Australian media on Thursday was looking forward to going home to family and watching daughter play . \" Everything is good now\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 can play like other babies\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 is the same [ as ],\" said .", "The man , believed to be a Polish national , was found badly injured in the early hours of Wednesday at flats in Thurso Crescent . later died at Ninewells Hospital . A 24-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and has now been charged . is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Monday . Police have not named the victim as have not been able to formally identify .", "The fire started at about 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth , contains about 30 retirement bungalows . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said several people had been rescued and evacuated from the burning building . Police said a body had been found within the property . An investigation was under way at the site . John Mills , head of Fife Council 's housing services , said : \" were alerted to an incident this morning at an address Walter Hay Court . \" Unfortunately the fire has resulted in the death of an occupant and sympathies are with family and friends at this sad time . \" A Police Scotland spokeswoman said : \" Police in Fife are investigating following a fatal fire at an address in Walter Hay Court , Rosyth . \" The incident happened around 10am on Friday , December 16 , when a fire was reported . Police and emergency services attended , however a body was found within the property . \" Police are currently undertaking a joint examination of the circumstances with the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . A report will be sent the procurator fiscal . \"", "The 34-year-old rejoined the New Lawn side in July 2016 and was ever-present as won promotion to League Two last season . made 144 appearances in first spell with the club before spending the 2015-16 season with Gateshead . Mark Cooper has signed defenders Lee Collins and Callum Evans and midfielder Reece Brown as prepare for first season in the Football League .", "The 58-year-old school principal from Dublin won 144 out of a possible 278 votes and was 98 ahead of nearest rivals Sean Walsh and Frank Burke . Horan will take over from current president Aogan O Fearghail in 2018 . \" Aogan is the president for the next 12 months so 'll support and learn from as best can ,\" said Horan at Croke Park . The other candidates for the post were Martin Skelly with 22 votes while 20 went to Robert Frost . This weekend 's annual congress will be dominated by new championship proposals in football and hurling . The plans put forward by GAA director general Paraic Duffy include completing the All-Ireland Senior Championships by the end of August . Also included is a new round-robin format for the All-Ireland SFC quarter-finals , would mean more games . This proposal has proved particularly controversial in recent weeks . Both the Gaelic Players' Association and recently formed Club Players' Association have come out against Duffy 's plans , although not necessarily for the same reasons . Ostensibly , the main reason for these mooted changes is to try and ensure more regular games for club players but is a certain amount of bafflement as to how this can be squared with the motion to have a round-robin stage in the All-Ireland Football quarter-finals . The new club players' body has been angered after the GAA 's top brass refused to grant a speaking platform at the Croke Park gathering . However , that may change at further annual gatherings of GAA delegates if a motion for the club players' body to be officially recognised is passed in Dublin . All the indications are that the votes on both the so-called new ' Super Eight football round ' and the proposal to bring forward the All-Ireland finals will be exceptionally close , with a two-thirds' majority required for the format changes to be tried for a three-year period . To make matters even complicated , congress will also hear a number of motions calls from the two-thirds majority to be scrapped , with one call suggestion a simple majority and another calling for the figure to be lowered to 60 % . Inevitably , those motions will require a two-thirds majority to be passed . Going into the weekend , Croke Park 's desire for replays to be scrapped - in favour of extra-time - in all championship games bar provincial and All-Ireland finals looks likely to be comfortably passed . At last year 's congress , motions to move All-Ireland Finals to earlier in the year and scrap replays were both defeated , although the finals proposal fell narrowly short after getting support from 60.8 % of delegates .", "The Ibrox club have been linked with another bid to land the Jambos midfielder , having had offers rejected earlier this summer . Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha watched Walker in friendly action against Newcastle on Friday night . \" A lot of people continue to say a lot of things , and that 's really , is n't a situation ,\" Cathro said . \" Jamie is happy , is focused , is training well , playing well . Like everyone really . \" Walker , 24 , has turned down the chance to sign a new Hearts contract , with current deal expiring next summer . And while Cathro refused to comment on reports suggesting the club have improved offer to the player , the head coach is relaxed about the winger 's situation . \" talk to Jamie almost every day , even on days off , because is a player 'm fond of ,\" Cathro said ahead of side 's trip to face Elgin City in the League Cup on Tuesday . \" is a big talent , is someone at a point will move on to a bigger league , a bigger club and have opportunities to work towards the top levels of the game . Of that is no doubt . \" And 'm very happy to be playing a part in how progresses towards that . \" But , for now , people are just wasting time . \" Walker made Hearts debut in the 2011-12 campaign and has scored a total of 41 goals in 135 games for the Jambos .", "The Dutchman , 25 , led 6-5 before racing to victory and the \u00a3 60,000 first prize with five consecutive legs . \" This is a really big tournament to win and a difficult tournament too , so 'll enjoy this ,\" said the world number one . Wright defeated Phil Taylor at the quarter-final stage and whitewashed Stephen Bunting in the last four . But the colourful 44-year-old from Mendham in Suffolk was unable to clinch first major Professional Darts Corporation title , losing to van Gerwen , also beat in the 2014 World Championship final . \" 's been a long weekend and think ran out of energy in the final , and Michael was too good ,\" said Scotland-born Wright . \" 'm really pleased to have got to the final though and 'm getting closer to a big TV title . \"", "The 35-year-old has been released by Brighton & Hove Albion after fell short in bid for promotion . \" Maybe if drop down a division , 'll not feature , but 's ifs , buts and maybes ,\" the defender said of international future . \" is up to to keep fit and keep playing and see where takes . \" Greer , won 11th cap after starting in Saturday 's 3-0 defeat by France in Metz , has no idea where will be playing when Scotland start World Cup qualifying campaign against Malta in September . \" Hopefully 'll get something and 'll be fit and ready for the qualifiers ,\" said the centre-half did not win first cap until turned 32 . \" am open to anything . would like anything with a good opportunity where teams are pushing for something . \" Greer had spent six years at Brighton after leaving Swindon Town but found out of Chris Hughton 's starting XI after January . Injuries led to a recall for final game of the season against Middlesbrough , when a 1-1 draw denied Brighton automatic promotion , and retained place for the play-off semi-final defeat by Sheffield Wednesday . The lengthy inactivity meant was thankful for more game time against France despite being on the receiving end of a heavy defeat . \" was very tough ,\" said the former Clyde , Blackburn Rovers , Kilmarnock and Doncaster Rovers centre-half . \" are a very good team , got a lot of good players and found difficult at times . \" But was good to go out there and get 90 minutes against some of the top players in the world , so was interesting . \" Scotland had lost 1-0 to Italy six days earlier and failed to fire a shot on target in either of the two friendlies against sides preparing for the Euro 2016 finals in France . Greer was not one of those questioning the decision to play two very strong teams at the end of a long domestic season . \" Ultimately , as a footballer , want to be playing out there against some of the best players in a great atmosphere because that 's train for all season ,\" stressed . \" 've got some talented players coming through and think was really worthwhile for as well . \" France are obviously at a different stage of preparation going into the Euros and everybody 's playing for places . \" went out there and gave everything , but just fell short against a fantastic team . \"", "Born Eric Lubbock , became Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962 when won a by-election with a huge 22 % swing from the Conservatives . held the seat for eight years , moving to the Lords in 1971 when inherited the title of Baron Avebury . Lib Dem leader Tim Farron paid tribute to a \" true Liberal \" , \" great campaigner \" and \" committed internationalist \" . Lord Avebury : Obituary Mr Farron said the peer , had been suffering from leukaemia , would \" be remembered as much for unyielding commitment to fighting for Liberal causes as sensational by-election victory \" . \" campaigned to lower the voting age , founded the parliamentary human rights group and fought for the rights of refugees and asylum seekers , taking up the cases of hundreds of individuals fleeing persecution . \" was a committed internationalist , regularly promoting human rights around the world . The Liberal Democrats have lost a great campaigner , a great friend and a true champion of the Liberal cause . \" A Buddhist , Lord Avebury was the patron of Angulimala , promotes the teaching and practice of Buddhism in British prisons . also campaigned on behalf of secular causes , fighting to remove mandatory daily worship in maintained schools . In 2009 , the National Secular Society named the peer secularist of the year , jointly with Evan Harris , for work on abolition of blasphemy laws in England and Wales . biography on the Lib Dem website says also \" sought and won \" a battle with the senior parliamentary official known as Black Rod to keep the right to park bicycles against the front of the Houses of Parliament . Keith Porteous Wood , executive director of the National Secular Society , said Lord Avebury had supported countless human rights campaigns . \" knowledge of foreign affairs , particularly of remote parts of the developing world , was second to none . The weak and oppressed in these places have lost a true champion . \" have lost a very close friend . The nation has lost a human rights champion . \"", "Two men were attacked in Ivory Blacks in Oswald Street , Glasgow , at about 23:00 on Friday 14 October . Last month , officers released images of two men want to speak to in connection with investigation . Both men are described as white and aged 25 to 35 . The first is 5ft 8in tall with tattoo sleeves , and the other is 6ft 2in with shaved , reddish hair . Police Scotland said the women may be able to assist with inquiries . Anyone with any information about the incident or recognises those shown in the images has been urged to contact the police .", "The Save Oxfordshire Children 's Centres Campaign \" baby blockade \" is against Oxfordshire County Council plans to cut the number of centres to save \u00c2 \u00a3 8m . Organiser Jill Huish said more than 500 people were \" definitely seen and heard \" when took part in the march through Oxford on Saturday . David Cameron had been invited to join the protest after saying was \" disappointed \" by the cuts . The council has said will continue to support the most vulnerable families in Oxfordshire . Under the proposals , the authority would replace 44 existing centres with eight \" children and family centres \" located in the neediest areas of Oxfordshire . The PM wrote to council leader Ian Hudspeth last month calling \" counter-productive \" and urging the authority to \" move cautiously in setting out budget plans \" . In response , Mr Hudspeth said the council 's grants from government had fallen and that had already made back-office savings . Ahead of the protest , Jill Huish , on behalf of the campaign group , wrote an open letter to Mr Cameron saying : \" welcome efforts to help protect these services , however perhaps like are rapidly losing confidence in government . \" \" Please join in the streets ,\" letter urged . \" Cameron ca n't plead not guilty . Let be clear , is not just a local constituency MP , is the prime minister . \" 's just not good enough ... . cannot keep mum and watch the 44 children 's centres in Oxfordshire be closed down ,\" said . When asked to comment on the open letter , a government spokesperson said : \" is still significant scope for sensible savings across local government to be made by back-office consolidation , disposing of surplus property and joining up local public services . \" The government continues to work with councils to help deliver these savings and protect frontline services . \"", "A 59-year-old teacher from London received \u00a3 185,000 after slipped a disc in back after was knocked to the ground by two unruly pupils . A member of teaching staff in north Wales was given \u00a3 100,000 compensation when the chair sat on collapsed . The NASUWTteaching union said had won \u00a3 16,077,328 for members last year . A Department for Education spokesperson said : \" School employers are responsible for the health and safety of staff and pupils whether the local authority , governing body or academy trust , and must adhere to the Health and Safety Act 1974 . \" Teachers also received smaller payouts over accidents in the workplace , including a \u00a3 55,000 package for a female member of staff in north-west England tripped on a tear in the lino surface of science classroom . was later diagnosed with chronic back syndrome . NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates said many of the injuries would be reduced if employers \" took the welfare of staff seriously \" and followed good health and safety practices . said : \" The consequence of negligence is careers , lives and health blighted and millions of pounds of public money spent in compensation . \" Unfortunately , is no incentive for employers to take health and welfare seriously when witness the government cutting funding for inspection and failing to take steps to secure compliance with the law . \" Failure to respect the rights of employees and to comply with employment law is also prevalent . \" Employers flout the law , but 's the teachers and the taxpayers pay the price . \" While compensation is important , can never make up for the fact that teachers suffer permanent physical and mental injury and often cannot continue in chosen career . \" Separate data from the NUT , keeps overall compensation figures private , said were two cases of personal injury compensation paid to members last year . One included a \u00a3 46,000 payout to a teacher suffered \" severe psychological injury \" following \" a sustained campaign of bullying and harassment by senior leadership \" . Another NUT member was awarded just under \u00a3 4,500 after fractured a finger on a defective doorknob , causing long-term aches and a deformity . The union said offered legal help in 130 cases last year , including 71 involving criminal activity and 57 in employment cases .", "Borthwick , 36 , left role at the Championship side after only 43 days . The former England captain arrived at Bristol several weeks into the season having helped Eddie Jones coach Japan . \" 's kicked quite hard because this has been about planning and waiting for Steve to arrive ,\" said Robinson . Borthwick was named forwards coach with Jones' new-look England in acrimonious circumstances last week , with Bristol owner Steve Lansdown describing the Rugby Football Union as \" unprofessional \" in handling of the appointment . Robinson was forwards coach during England 's World Cup-winning era under Sir Clive Woodward before taking over as England head coach from 2004-06 . And , while is unimpressed by the manner of Borthwick 's exit , is certain England have made an astute appointment . \" was delighted to have signed Steve and certainly hoped would be here for longer than 43 days ,\" Robinson told BBC Radio Bristol . \" is a quality coach and will be a quality coach for England and wish all the best . know the England team will enjoy working with . \" 'm disappointed in the circumstance of how 's happened and why 's happened but legally ca n't say too much and have to move forward . \" Robinson , has also coached Scotland , says will not rush into appointing a replacement and has urged forwards to handle the responsibility of Borthwick 's departure . \" 's down to the players to step up collectively over the next four months for to achieve want to achieve ,\" said . \" have to focus on the next couple of weeks , with tough games coming up against London Welsh and Nottingham . is a lot to be done over the next few weeks . \"", "Exports fell 2.1 % compared with October , German 's Federal Statistical Office reported , while imports rose 1.5 % . Meanwhile , factory production fell by 0.1 % from October as energy production fell and construction activity decreased . The latest news follows weak industrial order figures this week . \" Things are certainly not rosy ,\" said Bankhaus Lampe economist Alexander Krueger . \" The geopolitical situation , especially the Russia conflict and the related economic uncertainty , is limiting growth ,\" On a seasonally adjusted basis , the country 's trade surplus shrank to \u20ac 17.7bn (\u00a3 13.9bn ) in November . Germany exported goods worth around \u20ac 95.8bn and imported goods valued at \u20ac 78.0bn in the month . In December , Germany 's economic affairs ministry said the country 's recovery was \" progressing at a slow pace . \" This is a disappointing batch of German data . pours cold water on hopes that the Eurozone 's traditional economic powerhouse will drag neighbours out of the gloom in the near future . The figures do n't necessarily point to a renewed contraction in the German economy . But are consistent with no significant acceleration from the feeble 0.1 % growth that Germany recorded in the third quarter of last year , following a contraction of the same magnitude in the previous three months . were also declines in French and Spanish industrial production , adding another layer of gloom to the picture . These figures provide a little extra support to the view that the European Central Bank will embark soon on a major programme of quantitative easing - buying financial assets notably government debt with newly created money .", "Richard Tyler , 44 , saw the Hawker Hunter jet go up in a loop and come down again as crashed onto the A27 on 22 August . \" This is an award for the team because did a marvellous job on the day . 're all volunteers ,\" Mr Tyler said . Eleven men , ranging in age from 23 to 76 , were killed . \" plan for these sorts of things , hope never happens , unfortunately did , but the plans worked really well ,\" the event first aid services manager for Kent and Sussex added . The Red Cross team worked alongside the first ambulance crew on the scene , providing first aid to the walking wounded . Mr Tyler , from Hawley , near Dartford in Kent , said : \" Unfortunately could n't help all the people were there , but the 15 , [ or ] 20 people walked into dealt with . \" then fed onto the ambulance service for transport onto hospital . \" The jet crashed in front of a 20,000-strong crowd , and Mr Tyler said then went on to help those in need had witnessed . Recalling the tragedy , said : \" remember thinking ' 's very low ' , and then a cloud of smoke and flame went up . \" Strangely , though , do n't remember any loud noise or explosion . turned to control and said ' need to put out a Code Red now ' . \" At that point major incident plans kicked in . A Code Red means has been a significant incident affecting the event . \" Mr Tyler said was very proud to have been recognised in the New Year 's Honours . \" In 34 years [ in the Red Cross ] 've never expected anything like this . \" Mind never expected to walk into that on that day . 's very much for the whole team . \"", "said this will amount to double the number of apprentices created each year - currently about 28,000 . All parties are promising to create more apprentices or equivalent schemes to get unemployment down . Labour highlighted pledge to create 100,000 additional apprentices . The Lib Dems said would fund promise by moving cash from Jobs Growth Wales , the Labour Welsh Government 's existing job-creation scheme . Eluned Parrott , the Liberal Democrats' candidate for Cardiff Central , said : \" Providing high-quality skills training is vital to boosting economy and helping people to build careers and get on in life . \" Labour 's own evaluation report said that Jobs Growth Wales locked people into low wages and that 73 % would 've found work without . \" all know this scheme is a failure , but Labour refuses to face the facts . \" The Welsh Liberal Democrats would instead invest in apprenticeships and training , will actually give young people professional skills and help get on in life . \" On Labour 's policy , Deputy Skills Minister Julie James said Wales already had \" one of the best records in Europe \" on apprenticeships . \" This pledge is the next step to ensuring that have the skills base that projects like Wylfa Newydd and the South Wales Metro , will demand ,\" said . \" That is why so many voices within industry are so enthusiastic about this pledge . \" Plaid Cymru has promised to created 50,000 new apprentices , while the Welsh Conservatives say will lift the current 16-24 age restrictions on the Jobs Growth Wales scheme . helps firms employ 16-24-year-olds for six months by covering the cost of the minimum wage . The Tories aim to replace with a scheme called Journeys to Work , open to all ages , with jobs lasting for a year . UKIP say back industry-supported apprenticeships , along with more vocational options in post-14 education .", "The telecoms giant said in an emailed statement was important to retain access to the EU 's free \" movement of people , capital and goods \" . was too early to \" draw any firm conclusions regarding the long-term location for the headquarters \" . But Vodafone said that would \" take decisions are appropriate \" . Last week , chief executive Vittorio Colao told the BBC - ahead of the referendum vote - that Britain risked exclusion from plans for a giant new single market in digital services if left the EU . Vodafone said in the email to several media organisations that EU membership , including the free movement of people , had helped drive growth . The firm employs 13,000 people in the UK . has an operating division at Newbury , Berkshire , but the group headquarters are in London . Vodafone said that 55 % of group profits in the last financial year came from European operations , with the UK providing just 11 % . The company is also to start reporting financial results in euros , rather than pounds . Vodafone said the single legal framework spanning all member states , as well as freedom of movement , capital and goods , were \" integral to the operation of any pan-European business \" . The company said : \" remains unclear at this point how many of those positive attributes will remain in place once the process of the UK 's exit from the European Union has been completed ,\" said . Vodafone said would strengthen regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels \" to ensure the group 's substantial businesses within the European Union continue to be represented appropriately \" . Vodafone is the seventh largest company listed on the FTSE 100 , with operations in 26 countries . employs 108,000 staff outside the UK . Other businesses have expressed alarm at the vote to leave the EU and the consequences of not being part of the European single market . Business Secretary Sajid Javid hosted a meeting of business representatives on Tuesday to discuss the issues . Mr Javid said : \" The biggest issue raised was the need to secure continued access to the single market . While am not in any position to make promises , assured everyone that number one priority will be just that in the negotiations to come ,\" told a news conference after the meeting . After the meeting , the head of the CBI employers organisation said the government was \" a long way off \" having a plan . \" are very high levels of real and genuine concern in the business community ,\" CBI Director-General Carolyn Fairbairn told reporters .", "Robert McNab was sentenced to almost three years in jail for downloading indecent images of children , sharing and sending offensive messages . The 30-year-old admitted carrying out the offences between 2007 and 2016 at flat in Greenock . was also given a two-year licence , means will be monitored after being released from prison . Greenock Sheriff Court heard how McNab , has previous convictions for hoarding indecent images of children and sexually assaulting a young girl , chatted to people on Facebook and WhatsApp using a fake name . talked about sexually abusing children and raping a baby . The sex offender , is also known as Robert Aitman , was found to have a stash of indecent pictures and videos - including footage of babies and children up to the age of 14 being sexually abused . Defence solicitor Gerry Keenan said McNab was the victim of repeated sexual abuse when was a child . \" Clearly are issues would require to be addressed in the public interest to minimise and reduce the risk of further offending ,\" said . asked for McNab to be spared jail and said would engage with a treatment programme for sex offenders . However , Sheriff Derek Hamilton ruled that a custodial sentence was required for such a \" disturbing \" case and jailed for 35 months was also placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life .", "A man lodged a complaint with the Police Ombudsman 's Office for NI after the incident last year . said had been wrongfully arrested and that home had been unlawfully searched . The man said wife was \" hysterical \" at finding police in the garden . was taken inside house and arrested in connection with a firearms offence had happened the previous day , before being taken into custody at a police station . The man was later released when police realised was not the person were looking for . When a Police Ombudsman investigator examined police files , found that the issue lay with an incorrectly recorded date of birth in a handover information pack provided to the officer organised the search . The officer compiled the pack had recorded the name and address of another man of the same name , but had mistakenly added the complainant 's date of birth . The officer co-ordinated the search said had checked the details in the handover pack , but found no-one of that name living at the address . then searched for a more up-to-date address using the complainant 's name and date of birth , resulted in arrest and home being searched . The officer recorded the wrong date of birth admitted mistake and \" apologised to the complainant and family for the upset and annoyance resulted \" . said police \" later tracked down the right man , was subsequently arrested \" . The Police Ombudsman investigator said \" the mistake had unfortunate consequences for the man and family \" . said had \" recommended that the officer should receive a disciplinary sanction , and that has since been imposed by the police \" .", "The French duo , seeded seventh , beat Russian fifth seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 6-3 2-6 6-4 . Garcia and Mladenovic claimed first Grand Slam title having only teamed up this year with a target of playing at the Olympics . have now won titles in Charleston , Stuttgart , Madrid and Paris . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Wales led 13-12 at the break but Fourie du Preez 's try with five minutes remaining edged for the Springboks . Backs Tyler Morgan and Dan Biggar plus hooker Scott Baldwin joined Wales' list of injured players during the game . \" do n't want to make any excuses . South Africa won ... and were n't good enough to win ,\" said Gatland . \" At the end of the day South Africa did South Africa do . got one chance and took and that was the result . \" Wales lost a trio of front-line stars in centre Jonathan Davies , full-back Leigh Halfpenny and scrum-half Rhys Webb to long-term injuries before the tournament began . Two more centres - Cory Allen and Scott Williams - were then forced out of action in the opening two pool games against Uruguay and England , with wing Hallam Amos joining . Wales then lost the versatile Liam Williams - a full-back or wing - during punishing final pool match against Australia . Media playback is not supported on this device Fly-half Biggar went off the field after a knock to the head just before the scrum led to South Africa 's try . The player remonstrated with WRU medical manager Prav Mathema and team doctor Geoff Davies , but Gatland backed the decision . \" That 's a medical call ,\" said . \" took off the field for a head injury assessment ; looked like 'd got a bit of a knock , looked unsteady on feet . \" obviously felt that was OK , but support medical team 100 % so 's no issues on that from the coaching set-up . \" ' knew was going to come down to fine margins ,\" said a \" proud \" skipper Sam Warburton , lamented felt was a premature end to the campaign . \" 's a quiet changing room - 's hard to find the words , 's all so raw ,\" said . \" feels premature with two weeks of the competition left . 've been together since June and all those gruelling camps \u2026 's over , done and dusted . \" Warburton praised the players had come in to replace the casualties , saying : \" The guys 've stepped in have done a fantastic job . This could be the last World Cup for many of , but go out with no regrets . \" Warburton was sent off in Wales' 9-8 World Cup semi-final defeat by France in 2011 , and after this latest disappointment said : \" Hopefully will be around when one of these tight ones goes way . \"", "The airport is in competition with Heathrow to win approval for an additional runway . One of the guarantees is compensation for people living close to the airport . Gatwick 's chairman Sir Roy McNulty said : \" These guarantees would mean Gatwick takes on the main risks of building the new runway . \" The Airports Commission is currently considering three options for expanding airport provision in south-east England and is due to publish findings in the summer . These options are a third runway at Heathrow , lengthening an existing runway at Heathrow or a second runway at Gatwick . Gatwick has \" guaranteed \" the project would be privately funded with no need for public subsidy , that airport charges would be capped and would bear the main risks of the expansion plan . has also promised to compensate residents by \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 towards council tax bills if are affected by significant level of aircraft noise , and said would ensure that air quality targets always were always met .", "Pedro , 25 , had been training with the Cumbrians and impressed in reserve games against Barrow and Burnley . The Angola-born wide-man has spent much of career in the Dutch league with teams such as Feyenoord and Heracles , plus stints in Bulgaria and Romania . \" 've seen enough to know that adds something different to the group ,\" said head of recruitment Lee Dykes . told the club website : \" This is a chance for to show everyone can do . \" Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "The 37-year-old spent two seasons at Gresty Road between 2006 and 2008 . The former Shrewsbury , Sheffield Wednesday and Tranmere Rovers forward , scored 11 goals for Bury last season as won promotion from League Two . Lowe , has not featured for the Shakers since 29 August , goes straight into the Alex squad for Tuesday 's trip to Colchester . Crewe remain bottom of the table following 5-1 thrashing at home by Peterborough", "Eleanor Hawkins , 23 , from Derbyshire , was among a group of 10 people stripped before taking photographs at the peak of Mount Kinabalu on 30 May . admitted public indecency along with three other western tourists , one Dutch and two Canadians , and was imprisoned for three days . All four have now left the island . Noor Alam Khan Abdul Wahid Khan , the immigration department director of the Malaysian state Sabah , told the BBC Hawkins left Kota Kinabalu for Kuala Lumpur at 17:35 local time ( 10:35 BST ) on Malaysia Airlines . The other three , Dutch national Dylan Snel , 23 , and Canadian siblings Lindsey , 23 , and Danielle Peterson , 22 , left earlier on Saturday for Kuala Lumpur . Hawkins , sentence was back-dated to reflect time already served , was also fined 5,000 Malaysian ringgit ( \u00c2 \u00a3 860 /$ 1,330 ) on Friday . and co-accused all admitted a charge of \" committing an obscene act in public \" . Hawkins , is from the Derbyshire village of Draycott , said had been \" stupid and disrespectful \" . Prosecutors said the four tourists , along with six others , climbed the peak to enjoy the sunrise on 30 May and then challenged each other to take off clothes and pose for photographs . The move caused widespread offence in the region and was regarded as the cause of a magnitude 5.9 earthquake near the mountain , is considered sacred . The earthquake , on 5 June , killed 18 people , including children , and left hundreds more stranded . Sabah state deputy chief minister Joseph Pairin Kitingan blamed on the travellers showing \" disrespect to the sacred mountain \" .", "Thieves stole a 5m ( 16ft 4in ) flagpole - complete with Union Jack - at some point over the weekend . Earlier this month , items intended for an open day , including two generators , food and drink were stolen . Last year , a memorial to the thousands of crewmen served in Bomber Command during World War Two was damaged by trespassers . Director of the centre Nicky Barr said was \" extremely frustrating \" . said : \" had great faith in the human race , but has been somewhat diminished - do n't understand why someone would want to target a memorial . \" More on this and other stories from across Lincolnshire The Lincoln attraction is to honour the air crews' efforts with exhibitions , information and accounts from service personnel and survivors . The centre - set to open in September - still needs \u00c2 \u00a3 2m in donations and events are being held to raise the cash . 125,000 Aircrew served in Bomber Command in World War Two 364,514 operational sorties flown 55,573 aircrew killed in action 25,611 killed flying from Lincolnshire 70 % of aircrew were killed , taken prisoner or injured Mrs Barr said fundraising efforts were being hampered by the break-ins . said : \" Whether was done as high jinks , or whether is a market for second-hand flag poles , just do n't know . \" The reality is the sacrifices made by these guys [ Bomber Command crews ] allows for the freedom is doing this has got today . \" Officials have launched a petition in a bid to get further funding from the government to complete the project .", "The news had been expected after the Cobblers' new owner Kelvin Thomas paid HM Revenue & Customs unpaid tax was due when bought the club last week . \" This is a very positive step as move forward ,\" said Thomas . \" can now focus on review of the club and developing the future plans . \" On Friday , the Cobblers' administration petition brought by Northampton Borough Council was adjourned to 11 December for a deal to be made between Thomas and the council . Thomas purchased the club from David Cardoza on Thursday and became executive chairman of the Cobblers . Thomas and the council have a memorandum of understanding in place over a \u00a3 10.25m loan to the club for redevelopment work at Sixfields Stadium , would would see the debt wiped out , with the council acquiring land near Sixfields for development in return . Despite the uncertainty off the pitch , the Cobblers are currently in the League Two automatic promotion places .", "On Wednesday , shares of Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film were suspended after falling 47 % , wiping out $ 18.6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 11.9bn ) from market capitalisation . That was followed by shares of Goldin Financial , fell 55 % on Thursday . Both firms had seen the price of shares surge over the past year . Shares of Goldin Financial , is 70 %- owned by Hong Kong billionaire Pan Sutong , have jumped by more than 400 % between September 2014 and March this year , according to Reuters . The firm had said that was not aware of the reason behind the big jump in share price . About half of Goldin 's value - $ 16.12bn - was erased on Thursday as shares fell . Meanwhile , Hanergy shares had risen five-fold since September before the sell-off began . The firm , controlled by Chinese billionaire Li Hejun , had issued a statement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Wednesday saying shares had been halted from trade \" pending the release of an announcement containing inside information \" . Li has been considered one of China 's richest men on the back of stake in Hanergy . Nicholas Teo , market analyst at trading firm CMC markets said had noticed the dramatic drop in Hanergy 's shares right away because had everyone \" scratching heads \" . \" The company was very quick to call a halt to the trading , but without any news , is plenty of speculation and potentially room for further reaction to the downside if the trading suspension is lifted ,\" said . \" Even after the drop though , Hanergy 's shares are basically twice as expensive as some of the firms in that sector . \" David Kuo , chief executive of The Motley Fool Singapore backed the view that Hanergy shares were overvalued . \" Hanergy is involved in the much-hyped solar-panel industry . Investors are paying $ 50 for every dollar of profit the company makes ,\" said . \" When expectation overtakes reality , reality eventually wins . The market is experiencing a dose of reality . \" has been speculation as to the reason why the Chinese company halted trading , with Reuters citing an unnamed source as saying the firm is under investigation by Hong Kong regulators . Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) has declined to make a comment . Local reports also said that Li , chairman of the firm , did not attend the firm 's annual general meeting in Hong Kong on Wednesday .", "The images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in June at the Gir National Park in western Gujarat state . Officials at the park said imposed a preliminary fine because \" the cricketer flouted the rules \" . Visitors to the park are not allowed to leave vehicles . Jadeja 's photos were posted days after Gujarat forestry officials warned of the dangers involved in taking selfies with lions , following a number of attacks . Wildlife officers say will submit a final inquiry report to superiors soon . A.P Singh , chief forest conservator in Gujarat state , told AFP \" had instituted a probe and called Jadeja for a statement ... but since was not available , father-in-law Hardevsinh Solanki gave a written statement on behalf \" and paid the fine for . Jadeja , 27 , was part of India 's team for the recent World T20 tournament . A photo posted on Jadeja 's Instagram account showed the cricketer pointing to a pride of lions behind , with the caption , \" Family photo , having good time in Sasan ( Gir ) # rajputboy # wearelions \" . A second photo posted to the cricketer 's account showed and wife , Reeva , with a lion looking on in the background . The national park at Gir is the only place where Asiatic lions remain in the wild . The animals , are slightly smaller than African lions , were listed as endangered in 2008 .", "Richard Walsh , 43 , was accused of attacking the two schoolboys , aged 12 and 13 , in Havant , last month . had been in custody at Belmarsh Prison in south-east London . Prison staff found Mr Walsh unresponsive in cell on Sunday morning and , despite efforts to revive , was pronounced dead . A Prison Service spokeswoman said : \" HMP Belmarsh prisoner Richard Walsh was found unresponsive in cell on Sunday 19 July . Staff attempted CPR but paramedics pronounced dead at 11.07am . \" As with all deaths in custody will be an investigation by the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman . \" Mr Walsh , was also charged with assault and robbery in relating to the taking of a bicycle , had been due to appear at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday .", "The advocacy group Glaad analysed shows seen or to be shown between June 2016 and May 2017 and counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters . The number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year . But Glaad bemoaned the fact that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off . include the characters Poussey Washington and Bea Smith , met violent ends in Orange is the New Black and Wentworth respectively . The report also found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television , thanks mostly to shows like Empire , Luke Cage and How to Get Away with Murder . Glaad 's Where Are on TV study based findings on scripted broadcast , cable and streaming series already being shown or for casting had been confirmed . Glaad 's president Sarah Kate Ellis said was \" heartening to see progress being made \" but said numbers were \" only part of the story \" . Follow on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The election was called after mayor Lutfur Rahman was convicted of electoral fraud and removed from office in April . has been banned from standing again . The Met Police said was investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in relation to this election , including harvesting votes and the improper distribution of election literature . The full list of Tower Hamlets mayoral candidates is :", "Chase signed for Tigers until the end of the season on Saturday , having left Championship side Leigh in May . The 30-year-old played for Tigers between 2009 and 2013 , before leaving to join Salford Red Devils . \" 'm not match fit because 've had some time off , but mentally 'm in the best shape 've ever been ,\" said . \" Physically 've got a bit of work to do but can get through anything if 're mentally right . 's some hard work to do , 'm aware of that , but 'm looking forward to . \" Chase also praised the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) for the support offer players are struggling with mental health-related issues . \" 's massive and 's a credit to the RFL that touch on because a lot of the boys struggle with ,\" Chase said . \" People should be aware of because a lot of boys have to go through a lot of things and put on this bravado 're OK . 's not something people like talking openly about because feel weak and vulnerable . \" But really go home and feel alone . 's good to get the message out there that does happen in game , a lot of people do suffer from depression . \" When are in that dark place , feel weak and vulnerable , just have a lot of down days and 's not nice . But when come through , 's an unbelievable feeling . feel strong . \"", "GB 's 2008 men 's 4x400m relay team moved up from fourth to third after Russia 's Denis Alekseyev failed a drugs test when sample was retested . had been suggested the medal ceremony could take place at the World Championships in London in August . But next month 's Anniversary Games also take place at London 's Olympic Stadium . A decision is yet to be made on when Rooney and team-mates Andrew Steele , Robert Tobin and Michael Bingham will receive medals . Rooney , 30 , told BBC Radio 5 live : \" do n't want to be distracted . need to go to the World Championships and focus on that , so if could get done at the Diamond League , 'd love that . \" 's no way of getting back to Beijing and doing that way , but if can go to an Olympic stadium and be in front of a British crowd , that would be amazing . \" But happens , whenever happens , just ca n't wait to get on that podium . \" The International Olympic Committee has reallocated medals from Beijing after Alekseyev and compatriots Anastasiya Kapachinskaya and Inga Abitova tested positive for banned substance Turinabol . Britain 's women 's 4x400m relay team have also moved into the bronze medal position . Christine Ohuruogu , Kelly Sotherton , Marilyn Okoro and Nicola Sanders finished the race fifth but have moved up to third as a result of both third-placed Russia and fourth-placed Belarus being disqualified due to subsequent failed tests . The men 's Beijing medals are in the possession of the British Olympic Association and British Athletics but an announcement is still to be made on where will be awarded . could be presented at next month 's Diamond League Anniversary Games , or at the World Championships in London in August . But , as the World Championships is an IAAF event , the IOC would have to give permission for any presentation to take place as Olympic medals fall under jurisdiction . British Athletics does not have possession of medals for the women 's 4x400m team yet as legal proceedings are ongoing regarding athletes in race . Britons Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill , Jo Pavey , Sotherton and Goldie Sayers are among those waiting to receive Olympic and World Championship medals were denied by drugs cheats . Sayers has told the Guardian would be \" gutted \" if did not receive medal at the World Championships this summer .", "People with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee , a study carried out at the University of Edinburgh has found . suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine . This causes to stay in the body for longer and means those with the gene get the same caffeine hit through less coffee . One scientist working on the project said suggests the \" drive to drink coffee may be embedded in genes \" . The researchers studied the DNA of 370 people living in a small village in southern Italy and 843 people from six villages in north-east Italy . The subjects were asked to complete a survey including a question about how many cups of coffee drank each day . The team found people with the PDSS2 DNA variation tended to consume fewer cups of coffee than people without the variation - equivalent to one fewer cup daily on average . Researchers replicated the study in a group of 1,731 people from the Netherlands . The result was similar but the effect of the gene on the number of cups of coffee consumed was slightly lower . The scientists said the change could be down to the different styles of coffee drunk in the two countries . In Italy , people tend to drink smaller cups such as espresso whereas in the Netherlands the preference is towards larger cups contain more caffeine overall . Dr Nicola Pirastu , a Chancellor 's Fellow at the University of Edinburgh , said : \" The results of study add to existing research suggesting that drive to drink coffee may be embedded in genes . \" need to do larger studies to confirm the discovery and also to clarify the biological link between PDSS2 and coffee consumption . \" The study is published in the journal Scientific Reports and was conducted at the universities of Edinburgh and Trieste , the Burlo Garofolo Pediatric Institute in Italy , the Erasmus Medical Centre and PolyOmica , a data analysis company based in Groningen , the Netherlands .", "parliament approved the sending of a formal invitation , has to accept before ascending to the throne . The deeply revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej died on 13 October , plunging Thailand into mourning . The prince was widely expected to succeed father , but officials had earlier said wanted to postpone by at least a year . The official reason given was that wanted to give the Thai people time to mourn father before became king . Correspondents say Thailand was left in an odd constitutional limbo as the prince , the undisputed heir , should have succeeded father immediately . In the past doubts have been expressed by senior officials over how the crown prince can perform the role played by father for 70 years . The monarchy occupies a pivotal place in Thailand 's political order . King Bhumibol Adulyadej had been seen as a unifying figure amid periods of political unrest , including during the most recent military coup in 2014 . The leader of Thailand 's parliament , the National Legislative Assembly , is expected to meet the crown prince in the next few days to formally invite . Once the crown prince accepts , succession would then be announced to the public . But is still not clear when that will happen . Former Prime Minister Prem Tinsulanonda is currently standing in as regent . Thailand has rarely had might be called routine royal successions . The last was 70 years ago , when the young King Ananda was found shot dead in bedroom in still unexplained circumstances . When died , an emergency session of parliament that night named grief-stricken brother Bhumibol king . Despite private speculation over the prospects of popular sister Princess Sirindhorn , Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has been the undisputed heir to the throne since formal investiture in 1972 . Thai succession law follows the principle of primogeniture , where the throne should pass to the eldest son of the reigning king , but also gives the king the discretion to name own choice . King Bhumibol never wavered in endorsement of the crown prince . But the crown prince 's unexpected decision to delay taking the throne has made this yet another succession has departed from the script . real reasons are not known ; public mourning for father would not have been affected had been anointed immediately after father 's death .", "The East Antrim MP had been considering putting name forward after Nigel Dodds ruled out . Finance Minister Arlene Foster is the only person so far to declare an interest and has the backing of a majority of the party 's most senior elected representatives . Nominations to become the next leader of the DUP close later on Wednesday . Peter Robinson announced in November that was standing down as party leader . On Tuesday , Mrs Foster said was \" very humbled \" by the support has received from party colleagues . Mr Wilson thought long and hard about decision and spoke to among others , party colleagues Mrs Foster and Mr Dodds . In the end felt would be in the best interests of the party that did not put name forward . felt wanted to make sure was a smooth transition and that means almost certainly now that Arlene Foster will be the new DUP leader and the new first minister at Stormont . said looked forward to leading the DUP , if that was the party 's wish . Mrs Foster said had hoped to work with Mr Dodds as a team . \" will still hopefully work together as a team and that is certainly wish for the future ,\" said . In a tweet on Monday night , Mr Robinson said had \" received a valid nomination \" from Mrs Foster for the post of DUP leader . \" Arlene 's nomination was submitted with the support of over 75 % of those entitled to vote in the electoral college ,\" added .", "Thames Valley Police made the discovery after being called to the property in Iffley Road at 14:58 BST . are treating the death as \" unexplained \" . The force said Iffley Road would be closed to drivers and pedestrians for a \" number of hours \" between The Plain and Circus Street . Officers are appealing for information from the public .", "China Nuclear Industry Huaxing Construction was fined $ 3m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.9m ) , the US Department of Justice said . The US has restricted nuclear-related exports to Pakistan since the country 's detonation of a nuclear device in 1998 . marks the first time a Chinese company has admitted guilt in a US criminal export case . Nanjing-based Huaxing admitted to charges that conspired to ship the epoxy coating through China to Pakistan 's Chashma II Nuclear Power Plant in 2006 and 2007 . Huaxing was building the site as part of a nuclear cooperation pact signed between Pakistan and China . A Chinese subsidiary of the company made the coating , PPG Industries , pleaded guilty in the same investigation in 2010 .", "already know Bridesmaids director Paul Feig is rebooting the franchise , with Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy leading a female-fronted cast . But the director of the original movie has suggested will only be the start of a whole new franchise . Ivan Reitman has told Deadline.com that wants to \" expand the Ghostbusters universe \" . According to , that will include \" different films , TV shows , merchandise ... all things are part of modern filmed entertainment \" . Nothing is confirmed but Channing Tatum is one of the names rumoured to be up for a role . Paul Feig 's Ghostbusters reboot is due out in 2016 with Saturday Night Live 's Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon joining Wiig and McCarthy . Now , Sony Pictures , along with Reitman and original star Dan Aykroyd , are thought to be setting up a Ghost Corps production company would oversee the output . Reitman suggests that the Russo Brothers , directed Captain America : The Winter Soldier , would direct would then be a fourth Ghostbusters film . The writer would be Drew Pearce , wrote Iron Man 3 and Mission Impossible 5 . Quoted by film website Deadline , Reitman said : \" Paul Feig 's film will be the first version of that . 's got four of the funniest women in the world , and will be other surprises to come . \" Drew ( Pearce ) will start writing and the hope is to be ready for the Russo Brothers' next window next summer to shoot , with the movie coming out the following year . 's just the beginning of hope will be a lot of wonderful movies . \" If Ghostbusters does go down that route , then would be similar to the way Marvel has set out a whole schedule of interconnecting films . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Network Rail is doing work in the Chipping Sodbury and Alderton tunnels and building a new platform at Bristol Parkway . The improvements will run from Saturday until 15 September . will allow new trains to run on the Great Western Rail mainline , including new intercity express trains . For the duration of the works , those travelling between south Wales and London should note : For those travelling to and from south Wales during the August Bank Holiday weekend from 26 August to 28 August : During the weekends from 23-24 September until 18-19 November , will be further improvement work affecting south Wales and Bristol Parkway services . Passengers are advised to check journeys .", "Police say 540,000 people rallied in Barcelona , the capital of the region in north-east Spain , while the rest gathered in four other Catalan towns . But numbers were down sharply compared with last year 's event , when 1.4 million rallied in Barcelona alone . Spain has consistently blocked attempts to hold a referendum on secession . Catalan regional president Carles Puigdemont had urged support for \" converting Catalonia into an independent state \" . Divisions have also emerged between the separatist movement 's main political grouping in the Catalan parliament , the Together for Yes coalition , and radical leftwing ally , the CUP . Mr Puigdemont , took power in January , faces a confidence vote on 28 September . advocates a negotiated withdrawal from Spain . When Catalan nationalists held an unofficial referendum on independence in November 2014 , 80 % of those voted backed independence . Sunday is the \" Diada \" , Catalonia 's national day . commemorates the moment in 1714 when Barcelona fell to troops loyal to Spain 's King Philip V during the War of the Spanish Succession . \" have to move towards the final outcome ,\" 58-year-old office clerk Xavier Borras , planned to attend the rally in Barcelona with a friend , told AFP news agency . \" ca n't wait any longer . \" Spain 's leading parties , deadlocked in efforts to form a new government after two inconclusive general elections since December , have shown little sympathy for Catalan grievances . The region of 7.5 million people makes up 16 % of Spain 's population and accounts for almost 19 % of national GDP .", "The prince visited the Mants'ase Children 's Home in Maseru , Lesotho . \" Festive cheer ! Despite being 32 degrees , someone gave out Christmas hats and inevitably one found way on to head ,\" wrote . \" All the children , orphaned for one reason or another , absolutely loved the hats and balloons . \" Prince Harry was supporting the charity Sentebale assists projects work with disadvantaged children , many of have Aids or have become orphans because of the disease . was also photographed participating in the building of Mamohato Children 's Centre . This will give emotional and psychological support to young people affected by HIV and Aids . The prince visited a Mamohato Network Club in Maseru and said : \" These are children have never had the chance to talk about illness , and had no idea that were one of so many in age group . \" was really emotional watching interact with each other . Some really outgoing chatty kids , others slightly overwhelmed , but all with huge smiles . \" This confirmed to again that 're doing is going to change thousands of children 's lives , and hopefully save a generation . \" Prince Harry also revealed own love of photography and shared some images had taken . \" have always enjoyed photography and the challenges come with trying to capture the perfect shot , although privately do n't take many photos ,\" said . \" The best photos have are in head - have some very special memories , mostly from Africa . \" But on this visit , had the time and opportunity to be on the other side of the camera and take some photos in the stunning country of Lesotho for charity , Sentebale . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Operators such as Uber and GrabTaxi will now have to register with the country 's Land Transport Authority . Under the regulations , fees charged by the booking apps cannot exceed those of regular taxi companies . The new measures will be enforced from the second quarter of next year , the government office said on Friday . \" To ensure that taxi services remain equally accessible to all members of the public , bidding and pre-trip tipping for taxi services will not be allowed ,\" the LTA added in a statement . Wealthy city-state Singapore is among the most expensive places in the world to own a car , with many commuters relying on taxis to get around . The popularity of taxi booking services has surged in the city of nearly 5.4 million people , especially during peak business hours . Uber has expanded rapidly in Singapore offering services such as high-end UberExec and cheaper UberX cars , along with a service to book regular taxis . The company said the new rules would not affect extra services , because already has partnerships with licensed limousine and rental car companies . \" appreciate that the LTA has acknowledged the benefits technology brings , and like Uber , is putting the interest and safety of consumers and drivers first ,\" said Uber 's regional general manager of Southeast Asia , Mike Brown , in a statement to Reuters . The San Francisco-based company has faced protests around the world by taxi drivers are against services , allow people to become unlicensed taxi drivers by using own cars .", "27 December 2016 Last updated at 09:00 GMT German Shepherd Finn was injured early one October morning while protecting handler from a suspected armed robber . The seven-year-old fought for survival , helped every step of the way by handler PC Dave Wardell . BBC News looks back at how recovery captured the hearts of thousands and inspired a petition calling on the government to re-think the laws surrounding injured police support animals .", "Fire crews were called to a property on Robertson Road just before 07:30 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said crews had used breathing apparatus as tackled the fire . Senior officer for Moray and Aberdeenshire , David Rout , said : \" thoughts are with the family . will now investigate the cause . \"", "Police said the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - were racially motivated . The victims were black . Protesters have been gathered since 25-year-old Jamar Clark was shot during a struggle with police on 15 November . People claimed to witness the incident said that Clark was handcuffed , though police dispute this . Around two dozen tents and canopy shelters have been erected around the 4th Precinct police station . Demonstrators have also barricaded the roads with wood and pallets and lit campfires . According to criminal complaints , the four men went to the camp on 23 November . After a group of protesters attempted to escort away , eight shots were heard . The city 's mayor , Betsy Hodges , said the camp has become unsafe and has asked people to disband week-long protest . These request have been rejected by protesters , have vowed to continue camping out despite cold weather and attacks . One of the shooting victims , Wesley Martin , said refuse to leave . \" can have the street . can take the sidewalk ,\" said Martin . \" To be honest , 're not going nowhere . \"", "Speaking to the BBC , Thomas Thabane said would return from South Africa , surrounds Lesotho , \" as soon as know am not going to get killed \" . Reports say the capital , Maseru , is now calm after soldiers seized buildings . The army denied staging a coup . Lesotho has seen a series of military coups since independence in 1966 . Mr Thabane has headed a unity government since elections in May 2012 , but suspended parliament sessions in June amid feuding in coalition . denied accusations that actions had undermined government . Mr Thabane said the army had rendered the government \" dysfunctional \" , an action amounted to a coup . \" have been removed from control not by the people but by the armed forces , and that is illegal ,\" told the BBC 's Newshour programme . \" came into South Africa this morning and will return as soon as life is not in danger . will not go back to Lesotho to get killed . \" South Africa 's government described the situation as \" worrying \" , with spokesman Clayson Monyela saying the country would not tolerate \" unconstitutional change of government \" . At the scene : Basildon Peta , Maseru , Lesotho This whole thing started around 03:00 . were gunshots since early morning . The city is currently calm . People are playing safe within homes , but is basically a media blackout . To all intents and purposes is a military coup with the aim of ousting the prime minister . can be no other reason of soldiers behaving the way have been behaving other than to seize power . So far have no reports of killings . would be correct to call a bloodless coup attempt . But am not going to stick around . The chances are the situation may deteriorate . One does not know is going to happen . Basildon Peta is the publisher of the Lesotho Times The army is understood to have acted after the prime minister attempted to remove chief , Lt Gen Kennedy Tlai Kamoli . The army said the general was still in charge , saying the military \" supports the democratically elected government of the day ,\" Reuters news agency reported . A spokesman , Maj Ntlele Ntoi , denied staging a coup , saying : \" is nothing like that , the situation has returned to normalcy ... the military has returned to barracks . \" Earlier , troops were seen on the streets of Maseru and were reports of gunfire . Radio stations were taken off air and phone lines were cut , although later reports suggested were working again . Sports Minister Thesele Maseribane told the AFP news agency that troops had surrounded State House , a key government building .", "The incident at Neil McEvoy 's office took place on Thursday morning . The AM said no valuables were taken but files had been \" gone through \" . said metal bars had been cut to access the property at Cowbridge Road East . South Wales Police said an investigation had been launched . \" For a long period , has been a concerted campaign of political harassment against ,\" the South Wales Central AM claimed . said that less than 12 months ago home had been \" ransacked \" , with paperwork taken . Mr McEvoy said that in the early hours of Thursday \" the criminals involved went through two outside doors , down a lane , removed a screwed in hard wood cover on the back window , cut through a PVC window frame and cut through metal bars to get in the window \" . \" Once again , valuables were ignored in the office , but drawers were broken into and files gone through in the back office was n't alarmed . \" Thankfully , could n't gain access to the main part of the office without tripping the alarm . \" \" put in place new safety procedures for staff at the end of last term , because am aware of serious cages being rattled ,\" said . \" Some people would like to silence , but this intimidation has just added to motivation . \" A South Wales Police spokesman said that the break-in was reported after 09:00 GMT on Thursday . said that investigations were ongoing and that no arrests had been made . A Plaid Cymru spokeswoman said : \" Neil McEvoy has now been the subject of two break-ins , one at home and one at office . \" Plaid Cymru is supporting and staff at this time and is keen that the police establish whether these intrusions are linked . \" All elected representatives and staff deserve to operate in a democratic way without fear of harassment or intimidation . \" The National Assembly is working with Neil and staff to ensure safety and security , and strongly urge that this continues. \" \u00e2 \u20ac \u017d", "The 50m ( 150ft ) pylons would run from Carlisle to Heysham , Lancashire , to connect a new \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn nuclear power plant at Moorside , Sellafield , to the grid . Power Without Pylons and Friends of the Lake District say the National Grid is \" ignoring \" demands for the cables to go underground in \" sensitive landscapes \" . The National Grid said \" fully recognises the importance \" of the area . The campaign walk is taking place from Black Combe where the pylons will be visible , down to the National Park 's costal boundary and across the mouth of Duddon . Graham Pitts , chairman of Power Without Pylons , said : \" This is a very serious decision . These pylons are going to be up for the rest of this century . \" do n't think people appreciate two things - one , how stunning the view is around here , and two , how much these pylons are going to affect by sheer size . \" The Lake District is being put forward as the UK 's next nomination for World Heritage status . A National Grid spokesman said : \" have not yet made a final decision on how and where the new connection will be built . \" When building connections for generators , strive to avoid designated landscapes . Where this is not possible , work closely with stakeholders and communities and carry out consultations to develop a proposal achieves the best possible balance between protecting the environment and ensuring everyone has an affordable electricity supply . \" A formal consultation is expected to take place later in the year , with the final plans submitted to the planning inspectorate in 2017 .", "National Guard troops are now pulling out of the city . The curfew was put in place on Tuesday , after protests over Freddie Gray 's death turned violent . Six police officers are facing criminal charges over the death , has been ruled a homicide . deny wrongdoing . Gray was arrested on 12 April , and died a week later from injuries sustained in the back of a police van . Under the curfew , residents were ordered to stay home from 22:00 until 05:00 , and officials had been expected to keep in place for another day . But on Sunday morning , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said did not want to maintain any longer than was necessary . \" goal has always been to not have the curfew in place a single day longer than was necessary ,\" the mayor wrote on Twitter account . \" believe have reached that point today . \" Protests in Baltimore have continued since looting and arson erupted on Monday night - prompted the deployment of the National Guard . However the demonstrations have been largely peaceful since then . Maryland Governor Larry Hogan said the state of emergency in the city would not be lifted until the last soldier had left . Correspondents say the charges against the officers - ranging from manslaughter to second-degree murder - have eased tensions . The charges were announced on Friday by the city 's top prosecutor Marilyn Mosby . But a lawyer for the six officers insisted had done \" nothing wrong \" . Police have admitted that Gray , 25 , was not secured in the van by a seatbelt and that requests for medical attention while being transported were denied . Gray 's death is the latest in a series of killings of black men at the hands of police in the US have sparked rioting and national debate . know about Gray 's death Is Baltimore starting to heal ?", "Quinn , 30 , is available for Sunday 's Scottish League Cup semi-final against Celtic . was on the bench in the Dons' third-round defeat by Hibernian but did not feature . Following spells at Motherwell , Cardiff City and Doncaster Rovers , Quinn spent a season with County before joining Aberdeen last summer . has made more than 360 senior appearances and was capped by Scotland 's Under-21 side earlier in career . For all the latest transfers check out transfer deals page .", "Petersen was still there at the close on 105 , with captain Steven Croft on 34 , as the Division One leaders ground out 298-3 from 96 overs in the day . Teenager Haseeb Hameed fell 11 short of a second successive Championship ton on 89 , while Luke Procter made 45 . But the unbroken century stand between Petersen and Croft put Lancs on top . Having so far put on exactly 100 , will resume on Monday with a third batting bonus point looking a formality - and 14 overs to get a fourth . But , if maintain current pace of scoring , the Division One leaders will not reach 400 by the time the all-important 110-over mark is reached . Hameed followed up maiden first-class hundred against Warwickshire at Old Trafford last week by taking almost five hours over 89 . But was surpassed by the 41st hundred of 35-year-old South African Test player Petersen 's first-class career . Lancashire cricket director and head coach Ashley Giles told BBC Radio Manchester : \" were n't quite sure to do when first turned up this morning . The pitch had a green tinge to but in the end decided to toss up and to opt to bat . \" knew that pitches at Lord 's have been good in recent times so went with that , and worked out well for . \" Both Alviro Petersen and Haseeb Hameed batted extremely well . are very lucky to have a number of youngsters have come into the team and are performing well but also need senior players to pull weight and Alviro did that . \" did not expect to be leading the First Division at this stage , but is a long way to go . \"", "The emails confirmed the Trump camp 's interest in receiving help from the Russian government to discredit opponent Hillary Clinton during the presidential campaign last year . The Dow Jones was unchanged at 21,409.07 and the S & P 500 edged down 0.08 % to 2,425.53 . The Nasdaq rose 0.3 % to 6,193.3 . Wall Street has generally climbed this year , in spite of some shaky moments stemming from unease over the fate of the Trump administration and prospects for business-friendly agenda . Markets also sank in May amid a furore over US President Donald Trump 's firing of former FBI Director James Comey , had been investigating ties between the campaign and Russia . That investigation is ongoing . On Tuesday , a rise in oil prices helped lift energy stocks , such as Exxon Mobil , climbed 0.6 % . But bank stocks lost ground ahead of the release of quarterly earnings this week and a day after the US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unveiled a rule making easier for customers to file collective lawsuits . introduced a The rule forbids companies from requiring that people use an individual , out-of-court process to resolve disputes as part of the contract for credit card and bank accounts . Bank of America and Citigroup shares fell 1.2 % on Tuesday , while Wells Fargo dropped 1 % . The rule may be short-lived as comes amid a push by the White House and Republicans in Congress to make the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau less powerful . Senator Tom Cotton , a Republican represents Arkansas , said on Tuesday would file legislation to undo the rule .", "But are plenty of other options to choose from , including Olympic gold medals , world records and election to Parliament . 1979 - Three world records in 41 days As a young middle distance runner , Sebastian Coe claimed a number of UK records and had already begun to show considerable talents as an athlete by 1979 . But the year marked an important milestone when - aged just 22 - broke the 800m , one mile and 1,500m world records within the space of just 41 days . was the first person to hold all three records at the same time . also won Sports Personality of the Year . 1980 - First Olympic medals Coe will always be remembered for Olympic success . In 1980 , amid intense rivalry with fellow British runner Steve Ovett , won gold in the 1,500m in Moscow . took silver in preferred race - the 800m - finishing second to Ovett . 1984 - Second Olympic Gold Despite spending months fighting illness , Coe returned to the Olympic track in Los Angeles four years later and became the first man to win successive 1,500m golds , beating fellow Briton Steve Cram into second ( Ovett failed to finish the race ) . Coe was beaten into second again in the 800m by Joaquim Cruz . 1992 - Enters Parliament After retiring from athletics in 1990 , Coe pursued a career in politics and was chosen to fight the Falmouth and Camborne constituency for the Conservatives at the 1992 election . Coe beat the Liberal Democrat candidate by more than 3,000 votes and took place in Parliament . lost the seat in 1997 when Tony Blair 's Labour Party swept to power . briefly returned to politics as chief of staff to William Hague , when was Leader of the Opposition . 2005 - Helps secure Olympics for London Despite London lagging in third place behind Paris and Madrid in early stages , the UK capital secured the games under Coe 's leadership . Sports commentators said a speech made , shortly before the vote , helped turn the race in London 's favour . \" This is almost entirely on a different planet to winning the gold medals ,\" Coe said at the time . went on to become Chairman of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and is said to have been a key player in organising the Queen 's appearance in the James Bond scene in the Games' opening ceremony . 2015 - Elected president of the IAAF Despite one of the most impressive CVs in athletics history , Lord Coe suggested election as IAAF chief topped all achievements . beat Sergey Bubka , a former Olympic pole vault champion , by 115 votes to 92 . first test , and perhaps biggest yet , will be to deal with the fallout from doping allegations .", "Kamdjo , 25 , played in only five games for Forest Green last season , but made 33 appearances on loan at Boreham Wood . started career with Reading , and had spells at Barnet and Salisbury before joining Rovers in 2014 . York were relegated from League Two last season after winning only seven league games .", "More than 130 owners have reported overheating problems behind the glove-box area , some of have resulted in fires . Vauxhall is investigating the problem , but has not yet issued a full recall . The affected model is the Zafira B. is thought that 280,000 of are currently on the road in the UK . The alarm was raised by three different women , say cars burst into flames . Among was Sue Freemantle , from Devon , had four children in Zafira when a fire began behind the dashboard . Claire Wheatley also from Devon , had to evacuate car along with husband when a similar incident occurred . and others have posted pictures of the fires on Facebook . Vauxhall has already examined 20 such cars have been burned out , and has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate . In a statement , said thought the heating and ventilation system was to blame . said previous repairs may have been carried out improperly , or in some cases , non-genuine parts may have caused the fires . The affected models have manual air-conditioning , as pictured above . Owners have electronic climate control have not reported any problems . The cars , all right-hand drive , were built between 2005 and 2014 . Anyone has concerns about vehicle is being asked to contact dealer .", "LudoSport has opened first academy teaching seven forms of combat from the Star Wars world using flexible blades mounted on weighted hilts . The sport began eight years ago in Italy but has only just come to England with the first classes in Cheltenham . Instructor Jordan Court said people were already \" hooked \" . The classes in Cheltenham began last month . So far are six pupils , but this number is expected to increase . Mr Court attended an international boot camp to learn the different stages of the sport range in characteristics from defensive in stage one to \" aggressive and flamboyant \" in stage four and \" unpredictable \" in stage seven . The 34-year-old said fighting with \" an elegant weapon for a more civilized age \" was a childhood dream come true . \" brother and used to steal Mum 's bamboo garden canes to fight with ,\" said . The lightsabers used in the sport are all hand-made and are provided for use during the classes , Mr Court said . The sport is so new to England that have only been a handful of classes so far but Mr Court said were plans to begin teaching in Bristol by the end of October ... if \" the Force \" was with the academy . Lightsaber Combat Academy are several ranks for those wishing to become a fully-fledged Jedi Knight :", "The 68-year-old from Bournemouth died when Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke on the A31 near Corfe Mullen . The road , near the Coventry Arms pub , was closed for more than five hours after the crash happened at 13:20 BST . The driver of the Nissan , a 49-year-old woman from Waterlooville , was seriously injured and airlifted to Southampton General Hospital but police said condition was not life-threatening . Three men were travelling in the Nissan sustained serious but not life-threatening injuries and were taken to Poole Hospital . Sgt Mark Scammell said : \" would like to thank motorists for patience during the road closures are necessary to allow emergency services to deal with the incident . \"", "The approval depends on Shell getting a nod from other US regulators , the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management said . Shell stopped Arctic exploration more than two years ago after problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures . Environmental campaigners oppose the move . Shell has spent about $ 6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.85bn ) on exploration in the Arctic - a region estimated to have about 20 % of the world 's undiscovered oil and gas . The Anglo-Dutch company wants to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep , using two vessels can serve as backups in the event of an emergency . \" have taken a thoughtful approach to carefully considering potential exploration in the Chukchi Sea ,\" said Abigail Ross Harper , director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , in a statement . This conditional approval means Shell must obtain permits from the federal government and the state of Alaska to begin drilling this summer . Susan Murray , an official at Oceana , a group against Arctic drilling , said : \" government has rushed to approve risky and ill-conceived exploration in one of the most remote and important places on Earth . \" Among Shell 's woes the last time tried to drill in the area were failure to have a spill-response barge on site before the drills reached oil-bearing zones , as had promised , and the outbreak of fire on the Noble Discoverer rig Shell had hired . The Kulluk , a circular drilling barge , broke away from towing vessel and ran aground on way to a shipyard in Washington state . \" The approval of Revised Chukchi Sea Exploration Plan is an important milestone and signals the confidence regulators have in plan ,\" said Shell spokesman Curtis Smith .", "Katie Locke , 23 , was found dead at Theobolds Park Hotel in Waltham Cross , Hertfordshire . had been strangled . Carl Langdell admitted the charge of murder when appeared at St Albans Crown Court via a video link from Bedford Prison . A psychiatric report is to be prepared on Langdell was remanded in custody and will be sentenced on 18 April . Ann Evans , for the prosecution , said : \" needs to be established are the circumstances of Katie 's death . was a no comment interview with the police . \" Benjamin Aina QC , defending , said Langdell admitted deliberately and intentionally killing Katie in a hotel room . said client had been seeking psychiatric help after being convicted of making threats to kill in Bristol . Miss Locke 's family were in court for the hearing . In a statement released by police at the time of death , said : \" As a family are distraught , in shock and totally devastated . was not a bad bone in Katie 's body . \" Katie worked hard and loved job as a teacher . In little spare time had enjoyed sports . \" now feel like future has been stolen from . \"", "The crackdown began last month when Turkish ISPs were told to cut off the virtual private networks people use to hide where go . Many people are changing the way connect to Tor to avoid the block . Activists said the block moved Turkey 's net censorship policies from \" moderate \" to \" severe \" . Tor , also known as The Onion Router , aims to conceal where people go online by using encryption and randomly bouncing requests for webpages through a network of different computers . The system has become popular in many nations , such as China and Turkey , where governments are known to watch people do and say online . Now Turkey Blocks , monitors internet censorship in the nation , said regular monitoring of Tor showed that was being widely blocked across the country . The organisation started to investigate after many people in Turkey reported having problems reaching the Tor network . added that the Turkish government had put in place sophisticated systems at ISPs to spot when people were trying to connect to Tor . These inspect packets of data and can pick out the distinctive signature of those are destined for Tor . Turkey Blocks said the Turkish government ordered firms to start blocking VPNs and Tor in early December , and has increased the pressure on firms to act by asking for weekly updates about the success of the measures . The monitoring group said that while direct access to Tor was not working well , many people were reporting that could still access the network if used a bridge . These are unofficial entry points to the Tor network , because are not listed in the software , can survive when blocks are imposed . Turkey has a long history of cutting off access to websites and services - particularly during periods of social unrest .", "The Uruguayan , 25 , was signed from Nacional two years ago but made just six league appearances for Boro , three of as a substitute . ended last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo , where played seven times and scored once . Boro say have decided to end contract in order to help find a new club .", "The jihadists seized buildings on the eastern edge of the adjacent city of Tadmur on Thursday , but push was reportedly halted by the Syrian army . Syria 's antiquities chief warned that if IS seizes the Unesco World Heritage site will destroy everything there . The group has ransacked and demolished several ancient sites in Iraq . Palmyra has already suffered some damage during the four-year civil war . is situated in a strategically important area on the road between the capital , Damascus and the contested eastern city of Deir al-Zour , and close to gas fields On Thursday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that IS militants were mounting an assault on Tadmur , the modern town next to the ruins of Palmyra . Twenty-six civilians in a village outside Tadmur were summarily killed by IS - at least 10 by beheading - on Thursday after being accused of collaborating with President Bashar al-Assad 's government , Mr Abdul Rahman said . IS claimed on Twitter that had taken control of northern and eastern parts of Tadmur , and that had shot down a Syrian air force MiG jet in the area . Homs provincial governor Talal Barazi confirmed that al-Sukhanah , a town to the north-east , had fallen on Wednesday and said 1,800 families from the town were sheltering in Tadmur . The Syrian Observatory said more than 70 soldiers and 40 militants had been killed in the battle for al-Sukhanah . Rising out of the desert and flanked by an oasis , Palmyra contains the monumental ruins of a great city was one of the most important cultural centres of the ancient world , according to Unesco . The site , most of dates back to the 1st to the 2nd Century when the region was under Roman rule , is dominated by a grand , colonnaded street . At the southern end of the 1.1km street is the great temple of Bel , considered one of the most important religious buildings of the 1st Century in the East and of unique design . Syria 's director of antiquities , Maamoun Abdul Karim , said that if Palmyra were to fall to IS , would be an \" international catastrophe \" . \" will be a repetition of the barbarism and savagery saw in Nimrud , Hatra and Mosul ,\" told AFP news agency . The ancient sites in northern Iraq were recently blown up by IS militants , control swathes of territory on both sides of the Syria-Iraq border . A US-led coalition has carried out air strikes on the jihadist group 's positions since September . However , says does not co-ordinate actions with the Assad government .", "The spelling error was spotted close to the High Street in Warsop , Nottinghamshire on Friday afternoon . Eric Hill quickly photographed the sign , should have read \" right \" , prior to the error being painted over . A spokesman for the Co-op said the contractors were made aware of mistake and would amend the spelling \" as quickly as possible \" .", "McClaren , led the Magpies to six wins in 28 Premier League matches , was replaced by Benitez in March , but the Spaniard could not prevent from being relegated to the Championship . \" conceded too much , especially early on , instead of saying ' need this and this ',\" McClaren told BBC Radio 5 live . \" hope 've allowed [ Benitez ] control of everything . \" added : \" Listen to , this is wants , these are requirements , this is the team needs to make . \" Newcastle sat 19th in the table when McClaren departed , with a 3-1 home defeat by Bournemouth final match in charge . \" The mistake made was compromised too much ,\" said the former England , Derby and FC Twente manager . \" wanted to get enough results on the field so could gradually gain a bit more control . But think have to be domineering as go in , have to make sure get want . \" The 54-year old is confident the Magpies have learnt from experience and will afford Benitez greater control as bids to return Newcastle to the top flight . \" think now with Rafa being in there will be allowed to take control of media , of staff , and of recruitment - is the most important thing ,\" said . \" have to make sure that work together to establish want , 're comfortable working with . \"", "A \u00a3 60,000 feasibility study will examine how to alter Aberystwyth University 's Old College and the costs . The building opened in 1865 as a hotel , but was later bought by a group of philanthropists founded the university . is home to various departments and is used for teaching . The university said the Old College was one of finest examples of the work of gothic revival architect John Pollard Seddon . is one of the town 's most recognisable buildings with spires , towers , gargoyled parapets and steep-pitched roofs \" like a French Renaissance chateau \" . Plans include creating a \" cultural quarter \" based around the Old College , a postgraduate centre providing world-class teaching , learning and study spaces , an art gallery , and lecturing and performance facilities . University vice-chancellor Prof April McMahon said : \" Research consistently shows that Aberystwyth University is recognised as one of the best locations to study for undergraduates . \" want to build on that and develop a world class postgraduate centre . \" However , the Old College should have a community focus as well as an academic one . \" want to provide a resource for residents and visitors as well as students and staff . \" vision is for state-of-the-art learning facilities , exhibition space , a university shop and a first point of contact for local businesses - truly bringing the town and gown together in a new cultural quarter . \" Regeneration Minister Huw Lewis said : \" The Old College is an iconic building in Aberystwyth and resonates with present and past students of the university . \" location in the centre of the town can provide a focal point to the area 's regeneration and the potential ideas put forward sound extremely exciting . \" The final feasibility study , will also include a number of other university properties , is expected to be finished in March 2013 . will be funded by a Welsh government regeneration fund and the university . Aberystwyth has been identified as a regeneration area by the Welsh government and up to \u00a3 10.3m has been made available to invest , is being used on a number of projects in the town .", "Mullaney ( 113 ) plus Riki Wessels ( 81 ) and Samit Patel 's ( 85 ) century partnership saw Notts beyond 300 , and Chris Read added an unbeaten 63 . Surrey 's Tom Curran took three wickets and West Indies paceman Ravi Rampaul ( 5-93 ) saw off Notts' lower order . At the close , Surrey were 7-0 having survived two overs unscathed . Surrey , took the option to bowl first without a toss , removed Greg Smith and Michael Lumb before lunch , but could not halt Mullaney until had guided Notts beyond 200 . The hosts , picked up maximum batting bonus points , looked like posting a huge total until Wessels was caught behind by Ben Foakes off Rampaul to leave Notts 308-5 . Surrey will resume on Monday with openers Rory Burns and Arun Harinath looking to give a foothold in the match .", "The Pass Wide and Slow Wales campaign has collected 1,300 signatures on the assembly 's e-petition website . wants an annual road safety awareness campaign explaining to motorists how to react around horses . The British Horse Society found that since 2010 have been 2,000 road accidents in the UK , with 1,500 because of cars passing too closely . As a result of these , 180 horses and 36 riders have died . Awareness rides were planned for Penarth , Vale of Glamorgan , Swansea , Neyland in Pembrokeshire , Machynlleth , Powys , Flintshire and Porthmadog in Gwynedd . Any petition with over 50 signatures is considered by a committee to be debated in the assembly .", "Dead Men Risen , written by Toby Harnden and published by Quercus , took the prize at a ceremony in Westminster and was the judges' unanimous choice . focuses on the death of Lt Colonel Rupert Thorneloe in 2009 . was published in amended form after the first print run was destroyed by the MoD . The judges said the book \" takes into the hearts and minds of the Welsh Guards in a way is both interesting and visceral \" . \" challenges every citizen of this country to examine exactly 're asking soldiers to do in Afghanistan ,\" the panel continued . \" Rather than offering easy answers lets the soldiers speak for . \" Other awards presented included a posthumous honour for Christopher Hitchens , final book , Arguably , was included on the long list for the top prize . Hitchens' widow Carol Blue accepted the award on behalf of the Vanity Fair writer . The journalism prize was awarded to Amelia Gentleman for work in The Guardian , while the blog award went to Rangers Tax Case - an online commentary on the ongoing financial problems at the historic Scottish football club . The writers of the blog said aimed to \" provide the details of Rangers FC have done , why was illegal and the implications are for one of the largest football clubs in Britain \" . The winners were chosen from shortlists of six books , six journalists and seven bloggers , whittled down from longlists of 17 books , 12 journalists and 18 bloggers . Each of the winners received a \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 prize .", "Dominic Greyer said organisers of the WI 's Centennial Fair in Harrogate asked to cover up coasters , mugs and tea-towels featuring some of Britain 's saucier-named towns and villages . The author was selling merchandise for book ' Lesser Spotted Britain ' when asked to hide the offending items . The organisers have yet to comment . Mr Greyer said was approached by a male organiser described some of the promotional material as \" unacceptable \" . was asked to put greetings cards in brown paper bags and cover place names with ' censored ' stickers . Mr Greyer said : \" was pretty farcical , was like was running an adult shop . \" had to cover up on paper seem like rude names but , in context , are real places from around the UK . \" 's just ' Carry On ' humour , 's not like ca n't drive past these places , 're all out there on the street for people to see . \" The writer , from Manchester , said ladies approaching stall during the event at the weekend were \" gobsmacked \" by the move and thought was a marketing gimmick . \" Some of were pretty put out and thought was patronising ,\" added . Wetwang , East Yorkshire Cockermouth , Cumbria Three Cocks , Powys Twatt , Shetland Islands Bell End , Northamptonshire Sandy Balls , Hampshire Slack Bottom , West Yorkshire Butts View , Derbyshire Cocking , Sussex Bully Hole Bottom , Monmouthshire Minge Lane , Worcestershire Assington , Suffolk Juggs Lane , West Sussex Furry Way , Cornwall Rings End , Cambridgeshire Guests of the event took to Twitter to share confusion . \" Oh the censorship thing did have rolling with laughter - 're just so delicate !\" said one . Other WI branches also waded in with thoughts : \" At the fab @ Lesser _ Spotted stand at @ theWI fair but shocked to find 'd been censored by the MEN run the event ! !\" said the Cottonopolis WI .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Murray accused Glasgow of targeting in Munster 's recent European game and Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has promised more of the same on Saturday . But Stander , 26 , believes an effective Irish display will negate the issue . \" know have to do . Make the ball available for . 's a big man . Conor can look after ,\" said . Asked whether Ireland will plan extra protection for Munster colleague , Stander replied : \" No. No. is a player looks after . just need to get the ball back from the ruck and make easier for to get the ball and let play game . Scrum-half Murray , 27 , claimed the Scottish club had put at risk of injury in the European Champions Cup game at Scotstoun on 14 January . Murray took a blow to the head during the contest and Munster were later cleared of any wrongdoing by Champions Cup organisers after the scrum-half had initially returned to the field following the incident before undergoing a head injury assessment . In response , the Warriors' coaching staff and players were adamant that tactics , while robust , were firmly within the laws of the game . Scotland scrum-half Laidlaw stuck firmly to this line at a news conference on Tuesday . Laidlaw said : \" Glasgow did everything within the rules of the game . As a nine are always going to get teams putting pressure on . Media playback is not supported on this device \" In that game , Glasgow got a charge down on but were trying to get the ball back - were n't trying to deliberately injure the player . \" Will be putting pressure on ? For sure will . 's not going to come to Murrayfield and get an armchair ride . \" need to do that to every Irish player but can expect the same back , 'm sure . \" For part , Stander believes the Munster pack \" let down \" Murray at Scotstoun but appears confident that will not be a repetition at Murrayfield . \" did n't look after as much as could [ at Scotstoun ] . This weekend , all have to concentrate on job . know have to do . \"", "The 54-year-old had needed to run a double marathon on Sunday , finishing beneath a giant statue of Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg . Izzard attempted a similar feat in South Africa in 2012 but had to pull out for health reasons . has been confirmed the comedian 's endurance feat had raised more than \u00c2 \u00a3 1.35m for the charity appeal . \" That was very , very tough ,\" told reporters as swigged from a celebratory bottle of sparkling white wine . The 27 marathons were intended to reflect the 27 years Mr Mandela had spent in prison before becoming South Africa 's first black president . \" 's been the hardest thing 've ever done ,\" said a \" very tired \" Izzard . \" Thank to everyone has donated [ and ] do n't do this at home . \" Gary Lineker , marathon runner Paula Radcliffe and DJ Chris Moyles are among those have tweeted congratulations .", "The Canaries , won thanks to Jonny Howson 's goal , are second in the Championship with two wins from three . \" The first 10 minutes were quite even but after that were in control of the game . hit the woodwork a few times ,\" Neil told BBC Radio Norfolk . \" If passing in the final third was a bit slicker would have had more chances . think deserved to win . \" Neil continued : \" ca n't really remember too many opportunities for to score , if any . \" The first goal is crucial because mucks up gameplan because need to come out and leaves more space to go and exploit . \" Norwich were relegated from the Premier League last season with 67 goals conceded , the joint-second-most in the division . But have kept clean sheets in last two home games , and Neil said : \" That 's going to be key going forward . \"( A lack of clean sheets ) was a criticism of last season and something want to try to fix . In the last two games 's been better . \"", "The Love Actually star will have a supporting role in the spy film , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Armie Hammer , Alicia Vikander and Man of Steel actor Henry Cavill will also feature in the adaptation of the TV series , ran from 1964 to 1968 . Grant , most recently starred in Cloud Atlas with Tom Hanks , will play the head of British Naval Intelligence . The film follows special agents Napoleon Solo , played by Cavill , and Illya Kuryakin - Lone Ranger star Hammer - work for the mysterious United Network Command for Law Enforcement ( U.N.C.L.E. ) . Swedish actress Vikander , known for role as Kitty in Joe Wright 's Anna Karenina , has been cast as the female lead , while The Great Gatsby 's Elisabeth Debicki will also star in the adaptation . Tom Cruise had been tipped for the role of Solo , originally portrayed by Robert Vaughn in the TV series , while George Clooney was set to play the lead role in director Steven Soderbergh 's earlier version of the film . However , Clooney withdrew from the film and Soderbergh subsequently dropped out of the project . Director Ritchie will co-write the script with Lionel Wigram , wrote both of Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes films , starring Robert Downey Jr . Production is due to begin in September with a release planned for 2014 . were 105 episodes of the multi-award winning TV show , The Man From U.N.C.L.E , with the first series broadcast in black-and-white .", "The country has now seen two consecutive quarters of declining growth , the usual definition of recession . vital oil industry has been hit by weaker global prices , according to the Nigerian Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) . But the government says has been strong growth in other sectors . Crude oil sales account for 70 % of government income . The price of oil has fallen from highs of about $ 112 a barrel in 2014 to below $ 50 at the moment . Outside the oil industry , the figures show the fall in the Nigerian currency , the naira , has hurt the economy . was allowed to float freely in June to help kick-start the economy , but critics argued should have been done earlier . The government , however , has found some positive news in the figures . \" was growth in the agricultural and solid minerals sectors ... the areas in the federal government has placed particular priority ,\" said presidential economic adviser Adeyemi Dipeolu . Nigeria , vies with South Africa for the mantle of Africa 's biggest economy , is also battling an inflation rate at an 11-year high of 17.1 % in July . \" A lot of Nigeria 's current predicament could have been avoided ,\" said Kevin Daly from Aberdeen Asset Management . \" The country is so reliant on oil precisely because leaders have n't diversified the economy . \" More recently , have tried , and failed , to prop up the naira , has had a ruinous effect on the country 's foreign exchange reserves and any reputation might have had of being fiscally responsible . \" This economic recession comes as no surprise to millions of Nigerians . Many say 've never known so tough . The slump in global oil prices has hit Nigeria hard . The government depends on oil sales for about 70 % of revenues . But critics say government policies made a bad situation even worse . The decision to delay devaluing Nigeria 's currency meant many businesses struggled to get foreign currency to pay for imports , had a cooling effect on the entire economy . Following enormous pressure , the government changed tack this summer , allowing the naira to float . That 's led to a spike in inflation , but the hope is that will attract foreign investors . The government also says the country needs to import less : wants to see more products made in Nigeria .", "Mining , energy , and financial stocks were among the big gainers , with healthcare and telecoms among the main losers . The Dow Jones rose 0.6 % to 19,912.7 , and the S & P 500 rose 0.7 % to 2,280.07 . The Nasdaq added 0.9 % to 5,600.9 . Small-company stocks outpaced the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 jumped 1.6 % to 1,369.21 points . Mining and other materials sector companies could benefit from initiatives by the White House to streamline the permitting process for manufacturing and clear the way for pipeline construction . Energy companies climbed as crude oil prices closed higher . The rally also swept up stocks in US homebuilders . Healthcare , phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose . While several big companies reported quarterly earnings , investors focused on the latest batch of executive actions from President Donald Trump . \" The importance of this earnings season has been dimmed only because all realise 's going to be some changes in policy ,'' said J.J . Kinahan , TD Ameritrade 's chief strategist . \" Now 're trading on the edicts , or may be , are coming out of the White House . '' Trump hosted a breakfast meeting with the heads of General Motors , Ford , and Fiat Chrysler , the big three US carmakers argues should invest more in the US . The chiefs expressed optimism after the meeting , prompting a rise in carmakers' shares . GM gained 1 % , Ford added 2.4 % , and Fiat Chrysler rose 5.8 % . Verizon fell 4.4 % after the phone and communications company posted earnings for the last three months of 2016 fell short of analysts' forecasts .", "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's son is the first member of the UK Royal family to have first birthday marked by a new coin . The third in line to the throne and future king turns one on 22 July . The design of the sterling silver piece was approved by parents ; great-grandmother the Queen ; and Chancellor George Osborne . bears the heraldic royal arms and the year 2014 . Prince George was photographed at the weekend walking with the help of mother . Shane Bissett , director of commemorative coin and bullion at the Royal Mint , said : \" felt could be no more fitting design to mark the first birthday of future king than the royal arms - the arms of the monarch - minted in honour of the future heir to the throne . \" The choice of a silver coin is significant too , as the precious metal is closely associated with newborn babies ... \" Crossing the palm of a newborn baby with silver is a way to wish wealth and good health throughout life , whilst the \u00a3 5 coin is a favourite for royal celebrations . \" The coins will be a limited mintage of 7,500 and will cost \u00a3 80 each from the Royal Mint . The heraldic royal arms incorporates the four quarterings of the royal arms , each contained in a shield , as well as a rose , thistle , leek , a sprig of shamrock and a crown . was originally created for the Queen and was last used on a coin struck for the British Exhibition in New York in 1960 . George 's birth and christening were also marked with commemorative coins .", "However , the 2018 event , set to showcase art , design and innovation , will not be the first in the region . In 1929 , the North East Coast Exhibition was opened by the Prince of Wales in Newcastle amid great fanfare . So , will organisers take inspiration from the grand event , attracted four million visitors ? Responding to the Newcastle and Gateshead announcement , the North East Chamber of Commerce said : \" The Great Exhibition looks set to be the launch pad of real growth in regional economy . \" The Prince of Wales - later King Edward VIII - opened the 1929 event and said : \" The industries of the North are not yet knocked out of the ring . \" are fighting back gallantly with a good Northern punch . \" And the \" northern punch \" included cutting-edge technology , such as a cow milking machine , a telescope brought down from Edinburgh University , and the local newspaper using a newly-designed electric sign to flash out the latest news items . Industry and consumer items were represented , some of household names remain , such as Hoover vacuum cleaners , Singer sewing machines , and Pyrex glass ovenware . Andrews Liver Salts showed off brand with a 15ft \" fountain of health \" . For entertainment was an amusement park , a Himalayan Railway , and an African village . More than four million people passed through the turnstiles between May and October that year , including King Alfonso of Spain and the Sultan of Zanzibar . Each millionth visitor was presented with a gold watch . When the exhibition ended , the pavilions were dismantled and the area reverted to a public park . Unfortunately , that \" northern punch \" would fall victim to the economic depression a few years later , in the 1930s .", "The body of Omar Omran was found at an apartment in the Riverside complex , Kimmage , on Monday evening . had been stabbed to death . mother Maha Al Adheem , a doctor is originally from Iraq , appeared at Dublin District Court on Thursday . The 42 year old was remanded in custody until next week . During the hearing , a detective sergeant gave evidence of the arrest . said that about 45 minutes after was charged , Maha Al Adheem said : \" Yes was knife . Yes was hand . \" was not . was the power . \"", "Inderjit Singh Dhariwal , 49 , was injured at Samsons in Rood End Road , Oldbury , in the early hours of Sunday . Nicolas Salhan , 36 , of Haybridge Avenue , Stourbridge , and Jonathan Davies , 42 , from Old Bridge Walk , Rowley Regis , have been charged . are due to appear at Wolverhampton Crown Court on 30 November . Mr Dhariwal , of Oldbury , was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died on Monday .", "The builder said would construct 139 homes at Duddingston Park South , Duddingston , and 165 at Newcraighall Village . Barratt Homes will also build a total of 102 affordable homes between the two developments . Newcraighall Village and Duddingston Park South are both set to launch later this year . Anne Ross , sales director at Barratt Homes for the East of Scotland , said : \" 2014 has been buoyant year for new homes sales and are pleased to be launching these two new developments in the Edinburgh area , to allow to keep up with demand . \" With a wide selection of modern homes on offer and in sought-after locations , hope these developments will be extremely popular . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device Page , 25 , was beaten to gold by 0.425 points as Canada 's Rosannagh MacLennan won a second successive Olympic title with a score of 56.465 . World champion Li Dan of China took bronze , while another Briton , Katherine Driscoll , came sixth . \" ca n't believe 've won an Olympic medal ,\" said Page , from Huntingdon . \" 'm just so happy . \" Find out how to get into gymnastics with special guide . \" had no idea was a medal but performance was the best could have done . That is why was so happy , that all the training and hard work had paid off . \" am so happy got to share the final with Kat . \" Prior to winning Olympic silver , Page 's highest career finish in an international event was fifth at the 2015 World Championships in Denmark . Trampoline made Olympic debut in 2000 and this is the first time British women have reached the final . Media playback is not supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "The \" witches' marks \" were often carved near entrances to buildings , including the house where Shakespeare was born and the Tower of London . The symbols were believed to offer protection when belief in witchcraft and the supernatural was widespread . But heritage agency Historic England says too little is known about . This Halloween is calling for people to document the marks , can be found in medieval houses , churches and other buildings , most commonly from around 1550 to 1750 . The symbols , were intended to protect inhabitants and visitors of buildings from witches and evil spirits , took many forms , including patterns and sometimes letters . The most common type was the \" Daisy Wheel \" , looked like a flower drawn with a compass in a single endless line was supposed to confuse and entrap evil spirits . also took the form of letters , such as AM for Ave Maria , M for Mary or VV , for Virgin of Virgins , scratched into medieval walls , engraved on wooden beams and etched into plasterwork to evoke the protective power of the Virgin Mary . Known examples include several found at Shakespeare 's birthplace in Stratford-upon-Avon , Warwickshire , carved near the cellar door where beer was kept , and at the Tithe Barn , Bradford-on-Avon , Wiltshire , to protect crops . Others have been found in caves , such as the Witches' Chimney at Wookey Hole , Somerset , has numerous markings . Duncan Wilson , chief executive of Historic England , said : \" Witches' marks are a physical reminder of how ancestors saw the world . \" really fire the imagination and can teach about previously-held beliefs and common rituals . \" Ritual marks were cut , scratched or carved into ancestors' homes and churches in the hope of making the world a safer , less hostile place . \" were such a common part of everyday life that were unremarkable and because are easy to overlook , the recorded evidence hold about where appear and form take is thin . \"", "came the day after the remains of the boiler house were demolished and the search resumed for three men killed when the building partially came down . However , site owner RWE NPower reassured people the tower was still standing and had been shrouded in fog . would be demolished in future , a spokeswoman added . Paul Brassett tweeted : \" Local reports that Didcot power station stack came down overnight . Might want to check out . \" Drew Simpson tweeted : \" Just been along the perimeter road in Didcot and ca n't see the tall tower - suspect may have come down . \" Elliot Harvey tweeted : \" Any ideas if was planned to bring down the tall chimney at the power station , or is another accident . \" RWE said Sunday 's demolition of the boiler house had \" gone as planned \" .", "The company said was looking at the possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea . said the idea had come from businesses at the island resort were keen to boost tourism . If confirmed , the cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August . Neil Chapman , managing director of Hovertravel , said : \" 're always open to new ideas might boost tourism to the Isle of Wight and provisionally agreed the concept , subject to gaining the appropriate permissions . \" The plan would be for the service to operate four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday from 14 July to 27 August . The Isle of Wight Council welcomed the plan and said was currently in discussion with Hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of Sandown Beach for the service .", "Between April and October 103 liner visits are scheduled to Guernsey , Alderney , Sark and Herm . In 2011 were 91 scheduled visits , with 29 being cancelled due to bad weather and itinerary changes . Capt Peter Gill , Guernsey 's harbour master , said : \" was a very poor year in weather terms and affected virtually every aspect of activities . \" said : \" was n't just the cruise liners , visiting yachts as well were significantly down on previous years , in fact last year was the worst since 1987 . \" Investigations into plans for a cruise liner berth off Guernsey , estimated to cost between \u00c2 \u00a3 60m and \u00c2 \u00a3 80m , are due to form part of the harbour master plan , is due to be released this year . Currently passengers are ferried between the cruise liners and Guernsey on tenders carried by the ships . Capt Gill said : \" In terms of a destination port in the UK , Guernsey is the most visited , is the most popular ... the cruise liner operators have made quite clear to are very keen to come here . \"", "Tim Husbands said is also essential that proper transport links are put in place for visitors to reach the site . was speaking to the BBC 's Inside Business programme about growing Northern Ireland 's tourism industry . Mr Husbands took on the top job at Titanic Belfast a few months before the visitors' centre opened in 2012 . In first year of operation , more than 800,000 people from 128 countries toured the east Belfast building - double the number was expected to achieve . Titanic Belfast welcomed one millionth visitor in July 2013 . Mr Husbands has a wealth of experience in event management , spending 15 years in charge of Belfast 's Waterfront Hall . also managed the Ulster Hall and help to stage a number of major events in the city , including the Tall Ships festival in 2009 . In 2014 , was awarded an MBE from the Queen for services to economic development and tourism . Mr Husbands told Inside Business that , while is no point creating attractions for the sake of , parts of Northern Ireland outside Belfast need to be better served in terms of tourism and transport . \" 's no easy means of transporting people through from one city to another , from one region to another , and need to encourage that ,\" said . \" have to make easy for the consumer , have to make easy for the guests . \" 'm not sure that are mature enough as an industry to do that just yet . \" Tim Husbands interview will be broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster as part of Inside Business at 13:30 GMT on Sunday 20 November .", "Steven Dunne , 42 , failed to return to Southview Low Secure Unit , Hellingly , at 17:00 BST on Wednesday . After a police appeal on Saturday , Dunne later went into Bootle Street police station in Manchester , where is in custody . Dunne will return to hospital under a higher level of security . Earlier , in appeal , Sussex Police had said believed had gone to Manchester because had family links in the city . In November 2010 , Dunne admitted the manslaughter of Gordon Stalker , 51 , on the grounds of diminished responsibility and was detained indefinitely . Sussex Police said the level of security was originally detained under was approved by the Ministry of Justice . After Dunne handed in , Lisa Rodrigues , chief executive of Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust , said : \" were concerned for Mr Dunne 's welfare and worked closely with Sussex Police throughout investigation . \" The NHS trust had said Dunne posed a \" low risk \" after was reported missing . During the court case , Dunne , formerly of Chates Farm Court , Brighton , told Lewes Crown Court believed Mr Stalker was controlling mind and could only be freed by killing . The pair were neighbours in a shared house in Elm Grove , Brighton , where were friends and often socialised together . But Dunne 's mental health deteriorated and began to believe that Mr Stalker was a witch had captured soul . stabbed Mr Stalker repeatedly in communal hallway . The judge ordered to be detained under the Mental Health Act .", "Sue Sim was the first woman to lead the force and led the hunt for murderer Raoul Moat in 2010 . Last month Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner Vera Baird launched an investigation into Ms Sim over alleged rudeness to staff . Ms Sim is retiring on 3 June to spend more time with family to \" make up for the sacrifices \" made . joined Merseyside Police in 1985 , progressing through the ranks before moving to Northumbria in 2004 . Ms Sim said the hunt for Moat following the murder of Christopher Brown and shooting of one of officers , PC David Rathband , was one of the biggest challenges faced . said : \" That was the largest manhunt the country has seen for 44 years . spent time out and about reassuring the public and responding to questions . \" am immensely proud of officers and staff went about roles fully aware of the threats against , but determined to support the public . \" has also overseen savings of \u00c2 \u00a3 117m since 2010 and was at the helm as Northumbria Police reopened no crime rape reports following an audit . Ms Baird 's office said the misconduct investigation will continue but admitted if the complaints against were upheld , Ms Sim 's retirement would mean any sanctions , such as a written warning , would have no impact . Ms Baird said : \" Sue has brought passion and enthusiasm to role and leaves at a time when Northumbria is one of the highest performing forces in the country . \"", "The 26-year-old German tore cartilage in knee during the Premier League defeat by Chelsea on 14 December , coming off after 57 minutes . Kirchhoff was making only eighth appearance of the season , and had two months out with a hamstring injury . Sunderland , visit Manchester United on Boxing Day , are 18th in the Premier League and one point from safety . Black Cats forward Duncan Watmore is out for the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury .", "The Hannover forward , will also miss Austria 's game in Serbia on Sunday , has been replaced by Sturm Graz striker Deni Alar Harnik is the team 's most-capped player , with 14 goals in 61 matches . Alar is the leading top-scorer for Austrian league leaders Graz , with nine goals in as many games .", "Winners of the cup competition earn a place in the Europa League . Four-time cup winners Forest have failed to progress past the third round for the past 11 seasons and start campaign at Doncaster on Tuesday . \" 's very important because is the only way to go into the Europa League ,\" Montanier told BBC Radio Nottingham . \" know 's difficult because are a lot of teams from the Premier League and Championship . will be a very important game . \" Forest , two-time European Cup winners under Brian Clough in 1979 and 1980 , also guided the club to four League Cup titles , last featured in European competition in the 1995-96 season , reaching the Uefa Cup quarter-finals . The Reds , last won the League Cup in 1990 and featured in the final in 1992 , were knocked out of the competition by League One side Walsall 12 months ago . trip to face League Two side Doncaster comes three days after Montanier oversaw Forest 's Championship season opening victory against Burton Albion , in was first competitive match in English football . Former Rennes boss Montanier also confirmed that the injury to goalkeeper Dorus de Vries , suffered in the 4-3 victory over Burton on Saturday , is not as bad as first feared . \" will be a few weeks , but not serious ,\" Montanier said .", "The Flybe plane , was carrying 62 passengers from Exeter , landed safely after declaring a full emergency at 13:43 . Edinburgh Airport said nobody was hurt during the incident . A Flybe spokesman said : \" The flight landed safely at Edinburgh Airport following the report of a technical fault with the aircraft . \" added : \" The pilot followed standard operating procedures and , as is usual in such circumstances , the airport put emergency vehicles on standby . \" All 62 passengers disembarked as normal when the aircraft arrived on stand . \"", "Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited in September when the poppies were installed , compared with about 37,000 last year . The poppy arch segment , Wave , consists of 5,800 ceramic poppies falling from Cascade Bridge into the Lower Lake . Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket only . Yorkshire Sculpture Park said visitor numbers would be restricted on 8 and 11 November \" to ensure a calm and contemplative experience for all \" . Belinda Eldridge , operations manager , said the 170 % rise in visitor numbers was \" phenomenal \" and Yorkshire Sculpture Park was expecting biggest ever year , with more than half a million visitors . \" feel extremely privileged to be able to bring the poppies to Yorkshire ,\" said . \" 's safe to say tens of thousands of people are coming as a result of the poppies . \" said the sculpture had a \" different feel \" from any other sculpture at the park , and many people found seeing the poppies was a \" calm and contemplative experience \" . The installation is part of a nationwide tour of poppies from the artwork Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red , was unveiled in London in July 2014 . The artwork , created by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper , marked 100 years since the start of World War One and drew more than five million visitors . The Yorkshire Regiment raised 24 Battalions served by 65,000 men , of 9,000 died .", "The Military Reaction Force was the subject of a BBC Panorama programme last November . Former members said the unit had shot people may have been unarmed . The PSNI investigation has found none of the men featured \" admitted any criminal act or being involved in any of the incidents portrayed \" . In a statement , the PSNI said : \" Detectives from Serious Crime Branch have studied the contents of a BBC Panorama programme broadcast last year into the activities of the MRF . \" Although does not appear to be any admission to criminality by individuals featured in the programme , will form part of an HET review into all deaths linked to soldiers . \" This review will begin when HET resumes work in the near future . \" The unit was disbanded in 1973 , after 18 months . The plain-clothes soldiers carried out round-the-clock patrols in Belfast in unmarked cars . Three former members of the unit talked to Panorama . said had been tasked with \" hunting down \" IRA members in Belfast . When asked if on occasion the MRF would make an assumption that someone had a weapon , even if could not see one , one of the former soldiers replied \" occasionally \" . \" did n't go around town blasting , shooting all over the place like see on the TV , were going down there and finding , looking for targets , finding and taking down ,\" said . \" may not have seen a weapon , but there more than likely would have been weapons there in a vigilante patrol . \" One of the soldiers said were \" not there to act like an army unit , were there to act like a terror group \" . Solicitor Padraig \u00c3 \u201c Muirigh represents families believe relatives were killed by the MRF . said police should further investigate the soldiers' claims . \" very openly and brazenly admitted that were in a terror gang , that acted outside the rule of law , that also acted outside of the yellow card rule ,\" said . \" also admitted being involved in fatal incidents in people may not have been armed . \" think all of that and that very high-profile Panorama programme pointed in the direction that should have been further investigation of these matters . \" Unfortunately appears that the PSNI have not done that , despite the request from the director of public prosecutions . \"", "follows complaints over gangs of young adults gathering in Llangefni , drinking alcohol and causing criminal damage . The power allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave . The order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday . \" The action are taking is twofold ,\" explained Sgt Tracey Llewellyn , from Anglesey 's Safer Neighbourhood policing team . \" Initially would like to reassure those living in or visiting the town centre that are taking positive action against youths causing repeat issues of anti-social behaviour in and around the town to ensure that are not plagued by the behaviour of certain youths . \" Equally importantly is to protect young people from the excesses of alcohol and potential consequences . \" The dispersal order means any person under 16-years-old can also be taken home , or to a place of safety . Individuals can also be banned from the area for up to 24 hours , or face arrest if return .", "Jamie Cox attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at home in Lambeth , south London , in July last year . The Swindon-based WBO European super-middleweight title holder , was overheard threatening to \" knock out \" Ms Gribovskaja , had denied assault . But was found guilty after a trial at Croydon Magistrates' Court . The victim was awoken in the early hours of the morning by Cox forcing way into flat , the court heard . called 999 before broke through bedroom door . The 29-year-old boxer , appeared in court under real name Jamie Russan , was convicted of assault by beating , violence to secure entry , harassment and criminal damage . Alex Slater , prosecuting , said : \" Viktoria said had never been so scared in life . thought was going to kill . \" was heard in a recording of a 999 call , lasted 21 minutes , to say : \" will knock spark out . \" At trial last month , Cox said had \" barged \" through Ms Gribovskaja 's front and bedroom doors because feared \" could kill \" . denied putting hands on . But magistrates found the victim 's account of the confrontation \" credible and convincing \" . Nathaniel Ikeazor , representing Cox , told the court the boxer regretted the incident . said : \" Jamie is remorseful as to how actions affected Viktoria and affected the relationship thereafter . \" Cox was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison for the assault and harassment charges , 20 weeks for violence to secure entry and 12 weeks for criminal damage , to run concurrently . was ordered to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 1,105 in compensation to victim and court costs , and given a restraining order barring from contacting indefinitely . Cox showed no emotion as the sentence was handed down . Speaking outside court , trainer of 10 years , John Costello , said legal team will appeal against the decision and are \" confident will clear name \" . Cox will be suspended from boxing for the duration of sentence , Mr Costello confirmed .", "State department officials and Mr Bae 's sister were quoted as saying the 45-year-old had been returned from a hospital to the camp on 20 January . Mr Bae , a Korean-American , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced to 15 years' hard labour in May . North Korea says used tourism business to form groups to overthrow the government . was taken to hospital last year after suffering dramatic weight loss . family say has several health complaints including diabetes and liver problems . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Washington had learned about Mr Bae 's transfer to the camp from representatives of the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang , acts on behalf of the US in North Korea . Ms Psaki said the Swedish diplomats \" have met Mr Bae 10 times since detention , most recently on 7 February in a labour camp \" . added : \" continue to urge DPRK ( North Korean ) authorities to grant Mr Bae special amnesty and immediate release on humanitarian grounds \" . Ms Psaki did not specify when Mr Bae had been forced back to the camp . However , a US state department official and Mr Bae 's sister confirmed the 20 January date . \" 's back to eight-hours-a-day , six-days-a-week hard labour ,\" Terri Chung , Mr Bae 's sister , was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency . Pyongyang has so far made no official comment on the reports . On Thursday , US President Barack Obama used the annual National Prayer Breakfast in Washington to say : \" pray for Kenneth Bae , a Christian missionary has been left in North Korea for 15 months . \" \" family wants home , and the United States will continue to do everything in power to secure release because Kenneth Bae deserves to be free . \" If the details of transfer are confirmed , would mean Mr Bae was returned to the camp on the same day as spoke to foreign media in North Korea under heavy prison guard - first \" press conference \" since the detention . Mr Bae denied media reports that had been badly treated and called for US \" co-operation \" to secure release . Correspondents say may have been speaking under strict editorial control . North Korea has arrested several US citizens in recent years , including journalists and Christians accused of proselytising . were released after visits to Pyongyang by high-profile officials , including former presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter .", "Owner Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool 's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier . St John Stott , director at Cuerden Leisure , also owns Eastbourne Pier , said the company was \" restructuring assets \" . Blackpool North Pier was bought by a local businessman in 2011 . Collectively , are on the market for offers of around \u00a3 12.6m , with individual guide prices of \u00a3 4.8m for Blackpool Central , \u00a3 3.3m for Blackpool South and \u00a3 4.5m for Llandudno Pier . Blackpool Central Pier is home to a 33m high ( 108ft ) Ferris wheel , Blackpool South Pier and Llandudno Pier were all built in the 19th Century . Llandudno , is 695m long ( 2,280ft ) , is the only pier with listed building status meaning any future owners would require Listed Building Consent to make changes to the structure . Known as the \" Queen of Welsh Piers \" , nestles in the crescent bay between the outcrops of the Little and Great Orme . Blackpool Central Pier , stands at 341m long ( 1,118ft ) , and Blackpool South Pier , is 150m ( 492ft ) , do not benefit from listed status , despite opening in 1864 and 1892 respectively . Richard Baldwin , a director at Bilfinger GVA , is selling the piers for Cuerden Leisure , said would be very unlikely that a new owner would make significant changes . said : \" In opinion , the value is in the existing use and this is unlikely to change at either of the Blackpool piers . \" A spokesman for the National Piers Society , promotes the preservation and continued enjoyment of seaside piers in the UK , said : \" These piers are all in good order and trading successfully , and , given that Easter is almost upon , have no doubt that will quickly find a buyer or buyers . \"", "Domingo has been in the role since May 2013 and contract ends in August . Cricket South Africa have said are \" resolved to begin a recruitment process \" as look to appoint a head coach \" through to the 2019 World Cup \" . South Africa will play three one-day internationals , three Twenty20 games and four Test matches against England . Domingo 's side are currently ranked third in Tests , second in one-day internationals and fourth in T20 cricket . The 42-year-old guided team to a 3-0 Test series win over Sri Lanka earlier this month and a 2-1 away Test series success in Australia in November . South Africa won the first of five one-day internationals against Sri Lanka on Saturday with a convincing eight-wicket victory at Port Elizabeth . Sri Lanka were bowled out for 181 and South Africa reached 185-2 with 15.4 overs remaining with Hashim Amla scoring 57 and Faf du Plessis making an unbeaten 55 .", "Lil ' Chris , real name was Chris Hardman , rose to fame in Channel 4 's Rock School . was found dead at in Lowestoft on 23 March . family said the 24-year-old struggled with mental health issues and depression . A private funeral was held earlier this month . The inquest , at St Margaret 's House in Lowestoft , was told the full hearing has been adjourned until 28 July . Suffolk coroner Dr Peter Dean conducted the short hearing , was told the musician was found by friend . The emergency services were called to the house in Union Road , before Mr Hardman was declared dead an hour later by a paramedic . Dr Dean expressed \" sympathy \" to the family . Following Mr Hardman 's death , fellow musicians and fans paid tribute on social media to the singer , had first hit single with Checkin ' Out . followed appearances in the Channel 4 series with Kiss frontman Gene Simmons in 2006 , was set at the town 's Kirkley High School . Guy Barnes , a producer was working with Hardman , said : \" As much as 're all mourning the death of the boy , everybody needs to put as much love and strength as possibly can do into the Hardman family because do n't know how anyone deals with that . \" In a statement released after Lil ' Chris 's death , family said was a \" huge personality will be missed by everyone knew \" . \" was a hugely creative person used this side of personality to make others smile , to cheer people up and to make others feel better ,\" said . \" A real people person , would always take the time to stop and talk , no matter or when and are proud that was so well thought of by all knew . \" Family and friends gathered for funeral on 8 April in Gorleston , Norfolk , before releasing balloons in favourite colour of green on Claremont Pier in hometown of Lowestoft . Samaritans' deputy chief executive Fiona Malcolm has said the charity had been \" saddened \" by death . \" If anyone has been affected by this news , or is struggling to cope , would like to let people know that Samaritans is here for if need to talk ,\" said .", "Andrew Platten , 55 , from Bingley , died at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road in the town on Tuesday.\u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac West Yorkshire Police said officers had tried to stop the car after seeing the driver \" acting suspiciously \" . Police said the car then \" sped off and collided \" with Dr Platten a short distance away . The matter has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission . A 22-year-old Bradford man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving . has been released on bail . Dr Platten worked at Leeds Beckett University . website describes as an associate dean for international and collaborative provision in the Faculty of Arts , Environment and Technology . In a statement , family said : \" Andrew excelled as a respected and dedicated academic , with a love for art , poetry and music . For anyone knew , cycling was true passion as became a recognised competitive rider on the roads . \u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac \" Most importantly was a loved friend , loyal brother and uncle , loving partner and a truly inspirational father . will be deeply missed , but has left stamp on all met . \" will always be cherished and never forgotten , living on in all hearts . \"", "Northern Ireland 's world number three is due to tee off with Americans Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler at 02:45 GMT ( 10:45 local time ) on Thursday . The 26-year-old currently leads the Race to Dubai rankings with just three tournaments remaining . \" 'm not feeling great . ate something a couple of nights ago and Tuesday was n't good at all ,\" said . \" thought would be better Wednesday morning , but had a piece of toast and a couple of bits of melon for breakfast and came here and tried to hit some balls , but even just making a couple of swings stomach was too sore . \" just need another day of rest and hopefully will be better tomorrow and can play . \" Four-time major winner McIlroy is the only two-time winner of the Race to Dubai - the European Tour 's season-long event - having claimed titles in 2012 and 2014 . currently leads England 's Danny Willett , Irishman Shane Lowry and South African Louis Oosthuizen .", "The 35-year-old skippered the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016 , but less than 12 months on the county are bottom of the Division One Championship table . Bell , last played for England in November 2015 , was was recently left out of the Bears' T20 side . \" This is the right time for to stand down ,\" Bell said . \" As a senior player , will support the team in all ways possible and believe that squad has very exciting times ahead . \" 's been an absolute honour to lead home county over the last 18 months and decision to stand down is something have thought long and hard about over a period of weeks . \" Bell is to be replaced by former England batsman Jonathan Trott as captain of Warwickshire 's Championship side . The county 's sports director Ashley Giles said Bell made a \" brave \" decision to focus on batting . \" Having focused solely on scoring runs for Warwickshire and Birmingham Bears is a huge asset to the club ,\" Giles said . Warwickshire , won limited-overs silverware in Bell 's first season as captain , are in Division One relegation trouble , having lost five of nine matches - four of by an innings . Bell , the most capped international in Warwickshire history , having played 118 Tests , 161 one-day internationals and eight T20 matches , has scored 345 runs from 14 innings , at an average of 24.64 . has not made a Championship century since April 2016 . In the T20 Blast , has hit 251 runs in 12 matches at a strike rate of 117.29 , but was dropped down the order after a run of poor scores at opener . Having not batted at all in the Bears' penultimate game , was left out altogether for the final group game on Friday , the Bears won against Lancashire at Old Trafford to secure a place in the quarter-finals . New Zealand international Grant Elliott captained the side and will be expected to so again for this Friday 's last-eight tie against Surrey at The Oval . Bell , was part of the Birmingham Bears T20 Blast title-winning side in 2014 , also won the Big Bash in Australia last winter with Perth Scorchers .", "The policewoman , Sandra Bertin , was in charge of security cameras . said had been told to report the presence of national police units , although had not seen . More than 80 people died when a lorry struck crowds celebrating Bastille Day on 14 July . So-called Islamic State ( IS ) said was behind the attack , was carried out by a Tunisian man , Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel . Ms Bertin told the Journal du Dimanche ( in French ) had been instructed by an interior ministry official to report the presence of national police units on the seaside Promenade des Anglais at the time of the attack . \" The national police were perhaps there , but could n't see on the video ,\" Ms Bertin said . told the Journal du Dimanche had also been \" harassed for an hour \" by Mr Cazeneuve on the phone . The interior ministry says were 64 members of the national police on the seafront - as per arrangements with Nice city hall . But the BBC 's Hugh Schofield in Paris says Nice city hall believes some of these national police had been replaced by municipal police - were more lightly armed and less able to intervene to stop the killer . The suspicion - denied vehemently in Paris - is that has been a cover-up , correspondent says . Mr Cazeneuve said would sue for defamation over the \" grave accusations \" . The government has faced criticism for not preventing the attack , at a time when France was in a state of emergency following the extremist attacks in Paris in November last year . French ministers were booed when attended a ceremony in Nice to remember the victims . President Francois Hollande said on Friday had \" full confidence \" in Mr Cazeneuve . Last week , local authorities in Nice refused a request by French anti-terror police to destroy CCTV images of the attack . The Paris prosecutor 's office said the request had been made to avoid the \" uncontrolled dissemination \" of images . But officials in Nice responded by filing a legal document , arguing the footage could constitute evidence .", "Hamilton struggled to fourth behind the Ferraris of title leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen while team-mate Valtteri Bottas took a maiden win . Hamilton said : \" Big congratulations to Valtteri . Fantastic job and deserves the win . has been fast all weekend . \" For , just a very , very odd weekend . am just hopeful in the next races will be able to pick up the pace . \" Bottas' win ensured the damage to Hamilton in the championship was limited as much as possible - Vettel now leads by 13 points but would have been 20 had the German won the race . \" 's great are ahead of the Ferraris ,\" the Briton said . \" has stopped Sebastian pulling away too far . \" Hamilton was more than half a second slower than Bottas in qualifying and as the Finn made a blistering start from third and took the lead at the first corner , Hamilton did not make ground from fourth on the grid . The 32-year-old suffered overheating problems as chased Raikkonen in the first stint of the race and dropped back over the pit-stop period to finish 25 seconds behind the Finn and 36 behind Bottas . \" do n't remember the last time had that [ overheating ],\" Hamilton said . \" meant was out of the race from the get-go . \" think had the pace to fight with Kimi but the car was just overheating the whole the time . 'm sure will go back to the drawing board and figure out . \" Bottas joined Mercedes over the winter following the retirement of world champion Nico Rosberg . Bottas said first win felt \" surreal \" , but added : \" 's a good feeling and am happy . \" added : \" always knew could get good results if everything goes right and always trust in ability . But 's nice to get confirmation that the results are possible . \" took quite a while , more than 80 races for , but 's definitely worth the wait . This strange opportunity came to in the winter to join the team and made possible , so want to thank . \" Bottas moves into third place in the championship , 23 points behind Vettel and 10 behind Hamilton . said : \"[ Winning the title ] has always been the only goal for in career but have not had the chance to prove . Now have the chance to prove can win races and titles . Two weeks ago people were saying am the number two driver but today looks very different . \"", "Haydn Harwood , 33 , says the black spiders are in \" every nook and cranny \" of the outside walls of house and garage in Llanedeyrn . said wife , Kayleigh , and any family members visit are afraid of venturing into the garden . Tube spiders are one of the UK 's largest , with bodies up 2.2cm ( 0.9in ) , with green iridescence on jaws . Mr Harwood first spotted the colony at end-of-terrace home a year ago . said : \" are nocturnal creatures so had n't seen until one night when was outside having a cigarette because am not allowed to smoke in the house . \" saw something move , went in and got a flashlight and saw all in the cracks of the walls . were in the eaves , all along the back wall , down the side of the house and under the kitchen window . \" is a bit of worry for pets . \" have two cats and a Chihuahua and would be terrible if got bitten by . Tube web spiders - Segestria florentina asked a friend for help to exterminate but within three months the colony had returned . Mr Harwood said has asked Cardiff council for help . Experts say the spiders originated in the Mediterranean and north Africa and made way to Britain on cargo ships . believe the spiders are now able survive and spread because of the UK 's increasingly mild climate .", "The profit included a ' write back ' of \u00a3 27m in impairment charges . That means money had been set aside to cover expected losses can now be released as loans performed better than expected . These are the first performance figures the bank has published since a corporate reorganisation in 2015 . At that time the bank 's parent company , RBS , split Ulster Bank 's Irish operation into separate businesses , north and south of the border . Richard Donnan , head of Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland , said the results also showed a 6 % decline in operating costs from \u00a3 154m to \u00a3 145m . \" still have work to do to manage costs in order to grow business in a sustainable way , but have made significant progress on that front ,\" said . \" am pleased that have impairment write backs of \u00a3 27m , driven by improved residential and commercial property market conditions . \" In March , the bank said would close nine of 64 branches from October . Ulster Bank is one of the big four local banks in Northern Ireland , employing about 2,200 staff . In 2016 RBS , is 72 %- government owned , reported a \u00a3 7bn annual loss .", "The victim 's body was found at Hedderley Walk , near St Ann 's Well Road , in the St Ann 's area just after 16:00 BST on Sunday . Several roads in the area were sealed off and officers carried out extra patrols of the area . The victim was a 43-year-old man but no further details have yet been released . Police have appealed for any witnesses to come forward .", "Nearly 1.85 million requests for support were made last year , but just over 650,000 people received help . Councils have been warning for a number of years that a shortage of funding is causing problems . But the Health and Social Care Information Centre figures shows how difficult is for people to get help . Only 144,000 of the requests for help resulted in long-term care , includes places in care homes or help in the home for tasks such as washing and dressing . Nearly 220,000 got short-term help , such as rehabilitation after discharge from hospital , and another 300,000 got low-level support such as walking aids and telecare . The rest either received nothing or were advised to seek help from charities , the NHS or from housing services . Unlike the NHS , social care is not free and most people will pay something towards the cost of care , with some covering the entire cost . Meanwhile , a separate survey of nearly 70,000 people did get help revealed experiences of care . Some 65 % said were extremely or very satisfied with care and 26 % were quite satisfied , but one in 10 was not . One in 20 did not feel clean or presentable and the same proportion said did not always get enough food and drink . Janet Morrison , chief executive of the charity Independent Age , said the figures painted an \" alarming picture of services cut back to the bare bones \" . \" This is a direct result of \u00a3 4.6bn cuts to social care budgets since 2010 and comes despite an ageing population is increasing the need for these services ,\" added . The figures come after a coalition of health and care groups wrote to the Treasury last month warning that the care sector needed to be protected as the \" deepening crisis \" was putting people in danger . The government said spending plans would be revealed in November , but pointed out that a \u00a3 5.4bn fund - the Better Care Fund - had been established in April to ensure NHS money was used for services support council-organised care . But Izzi Seccombe , of the Local Government Association , said : \" need to see a change to the current perverse funding system , over the last five years , has seen an increase in funding for the NHS but a decrease in funding for social care . \" This threatens to leave councils struggling to commission the essential support keeps people out of hospital and living healthier and happier lives in communities . \"", "Celia Castedo told Bolivian media said had warned that the plane had barely enough fuel to reach the destination in Colombia . Ms Castedo is in Brazil where is seeking asylum . The crash killed 71 people , including most of the Chapecoense football team . The plane was taking the team to Colombia for the final of a regional tournament when ran out of fuel , plunging into a mountainside near the city of Medellin . In a leaked tape , the pilot , Miguel Quiroga , can be heard warning of a \" total electric failure \" and \" lack of fuel \" . In letter ( in Spanish ) published in the Bolivian media , Ms Castedo , worked in air traffic control , said had no authority to stop the doomed flight , saying that was with Bolivia 's civil aviation agency . said that instead of authorising the flight , had tried to stop , accusing unnamed superiors of a cover-up . \" was subjected to harassment and pressure from superiors ... ordered to change the content of the report hours earlier [ before the flight ] had presented ,\" wrote . \" Based on a careful examination , had made five observations , one of the most important of referred to the fuel economy of the flight , happened to be equal to the flight time . \" Bolivia 's Public Works Minister , Milton Claros , dismissed Ms Castedo 's allegations . \" were no observations made to the flight plan ,'' Associated Press quoted as saying , with the minister accusing Castedo of fabricating the document after the crash to cover-up own errors . Other Bolivian officials have urged the Brazilian authorities to return , with one saying Ms Castedo was trying to escape justice . The head of the flight 's operator , Gustavo Vargas , has been arrested over the crash . Just six people survived . One of , crew member Erwin Tumuri , said an initial stop for refuelling in the northern Bolivian city of Cobija had been dropped by the pilot . was no warning to the crew or the passengers that the plane was facing electrical or fuel problems , Mr Tumuri told Brazil 's Globo TV .", "The woman , 37-year-old Wu Shuoyan , is alleged to have been killed last May simply for refusing to hand over phone number to cult members . The murder , filmed on CCTV and on mobile phones , sparked outrage . The Church of the Almighty God cult is banned in China but claims to have millions of members . Following the brutal killing in May , Chinese authorities said that detained hundreds of members of the cult , reports the BBC 's Martin Patience in Beijing . Interviewed in prison later , one of the defendants , Zhang Lidong showed no remorse . said : \" beat with all might and stamped on too . was a demon . had to destroy . \" The group had entered a small McDonalds branch in Zhaoyuan in Shandong province last May soliciting phone numbers and hoping to recruit members to cult . Ms Wu was waiting in the restaurant with seven-year-old son and when refused to give number , an act prompted the beating while screamed at other diners to keep away or would face the same fate . The public face of the Church of the Almighty God is a website full of uplifting hymns and homilies . But core belief is that God has returned to earth as a Chinese woman to wreak the apocalypse . The only person claims direct contact with this god is a former physics teacher , Zhao Weishan , founded the cult 25 years ago and has since fled to the United States , says BBC China Editor Carrie Gracie . No-one knows exactly where is , but much of the website 's message of outright hostility to the Chinese government is delivered in English as well as Chinese . The cult complains that religious faith has suffered from persecution by the Communist Party . Since the McDonald 's murder , public outrage has forced the authorities to increase pressure on the Church of the Almighty God with almost daily arrests and raids .", "About 1,000 people gathered to observe a minute of silence and light candles in front of the Senedd . are over 2,000 French people living in south Wales registered with the French consulate in London . Marie Brousseau-Navarro , the Honorary Consul of France in Cardiff , said messages of support had been touching . said : \" are united in shock and united in sorrow ... And united with all the people have marched across the world . \" Saleem Kidwai , chairman of the Muslim Council of Wales was applauded by the crowd as told to \" stand together shoulder to shoulder \" . \" condemnation is absolute ,\" said . \" will eventually win and truth wins over falsehood and light over darkness . \" First Minister Carwyn Jones was among the many to hold up a candle for the silence , while others held up pencils . The silence was marked at the end by an applause . Earlier , said : \" The vigil in Cardiff Bay tonight is an opportunity for the people of Wales to pay respects to those lost lives in the truly abhorrent attack in Paris . \" is also a chance to show solidarity with the people of France and all those believe in upholding democratic values and freedoms are threatened by such senseless acts of terror . \" Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb tweeted earlier : \" Standing with the French community in Wales and in support of freedom of speech everywhere . 6pm this eve . Senedd , Cardiff . # CharlieHebdo \" In a show of unity , London landmarks have been lit in the colours of the French national flag . And world leaders have gathered in Paris for a huge unity march involving over one million people , dwarfing Saturday 's marches saw 700,000 take to the streets . On Saturday , Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis dedicated side 's goal in the 1-1 draw with West Ham to the victims of the Paris terror attacks . Wales' police forces and media organisations held a minute 's silence to support those attacked in the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris on Wednesday . A police officer was killed on Thursday and French forces stormed two separate hostage sites in and around Paris , killing three hostage takers , on Friday . \" have been really moved by the hundreds of messages of support and condolences ,\" said Ms Brousseau-Navarro . \" Most of all appreciate the support and solidarity . \"", "The 58-year-old moved from position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year . Spireites director Ashley Carson said the role was now \" redundant \" . Turner , joined Chesterfield in 2011 , told the club website : \" am very disappointed to be leaving Chesterfield , but can understand the situation and leave on good terms . \"", "The Conservatives want a report into the spending on the 218 \" procurement cards \" used for government spending . A further \u00a3 475,540 was spent in the first three months of 2015 / 16 . A review was conducted in April 2014 , but Welsh ministers said do not publish the results of internal audits . However , all internal audits are shared with the public spending watchdog , the Wales Audit Office . Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies said : \" Unfortunately , the minister [ Finance Minister Jane Hutt ] is refusing to publish that report , leaves a number of questions unanswered : is the taxpayer getting value for money ? \" The Tories say would encourage public bodies to publish all spending of more than \u00a3 500 . A Welsh government spokesman said : \" During the audit process for the Welsh government annual accounts , the Wales Audit Office has the opportunity to review all of the Welsh government 's financial transactions . \" If Mr Davies is suggesting that civil servants are improperly using procurement cards then should raise concerns with the permanent secretary . \"", "The \u00a3 40m Pentland Studios project would offer studio space and production facilities in the Straiton area of the city . Creative Scotland has ringfenced \u00a3 1m towards the cost of a Scottish studio , while the Scottish government has pledged a further \u00a3 2m loan . Several organisations are interested in turning other sites into studios .", "The city council has proposed that owners face harsher fines for dog fouling and is asking the public to take part in a consultation . Dogs could be banned from play areas in parks and owners set limits on the number of dogs take for walks in public . Authorised officers would also have the power to request dogs be put on a lead . Councillor John Tanner , board member for the Cleaner Greener Oxford campaign , said : \" is nothing more annoying than getting dog mess on shoe or in the wheels of the pushchair . \" Oxford City Council wants to get tough with irresponsible dog owners . \" The consultation runs until 31 January and a report is presented to the city 's executive board in March . If approved , the new dog control orders would come into effect on 1 April .", "Officials from Staffordshire County Council and the university said the historic building , in the town centre , would become an information centre for prospective students . A number of courses will also be taught there . The courtroom and an art gallery housed in the Grade II-listed building will remain open to the public . Campaigners drew up a petition after the council announced was considering closing the exhibition space to save money .", "A rare magnitude-four earthquake hit Greenland 's west coast on Sunday , producing a surge of water swept away homes and led to reports of a number of people missing . Joint Arctic Command , the group tasked with the search and rescue mission , has since published images of the aftermath of the disaster and told the BBC that continues to monitor the situation , warning that further incidents could take place . Homes were submerged and washed away after a tsunami hit the village of Nuugaatsiaq , north-western Greenland . Rescuers used liferafts to sweep the area after four people were reported missing . A number of injuries were also reported after 39 people were evacuated from Nuugaatsiaq . The surge of water is believed to have swept away 11 homes in the small village . The authorities said the tsunami was caused by a magnitude-four earthquake , is rare for the area . Police chief Bj\u00c3 \u00b8 rn Tegner Bay said was unable to confirm whether had been fatalities . Meteorologists said was \" not normal \" for such an earthquake to hit Greenland and warned of aftershocks .", "happened at about 12:30 BST . The victim died at the scene . Another man is in a critical condition . The road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours while a thorough investigation into the crash is carried out .", "Mrs May will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president after inauguration . A post-Brexit free trade deal is thought likely to be high on agenda as travels to the US for talks . Confirmation of the meeting came as hundreds of thousands of people around the world joined women 's marches to protest Mr Trump 's presidency . Mr Trump 's press secretary Sean Spicer gave details of Mrs May 's visit in first briefing to journalists at the White House on Saturday . Earlier , while visiting the CIA 's headquarters , President Trump said the PM \" is coming over to country very shortly \" . Nato , the European Union , defence and Russia are all likely to be discussed in the meeting . The BBC 's political correspondent Iain Watson said the \" symbolism will be very important \" and with Brexit negotiations about to get under way , the fact Mrs May will be meeting the new president so soon will be \" politically significant \" . correspondent said had been a lot of effort to make sure Mrs May was one of the first leaders President Trump would meet . In December the PM 's joint chiefs of staff , Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill , travelled to the US to build links with the incoming president 's team ahead of inauguration on 20 January . Theresa May congratulates Trump on taking office In a statement issued after the inauguration , Mrs May said : \" From conversations to date , know are both committed to advancing the special relationship between two countries and working together for the prosperity and security of people on both sides of the Atlantic . \" look forward to discussing these issues and more when meet in Washington . \" Mrs May has promised to hold \" very frank \" discussions with Mr Trump . told the Financial Times believed the new president recognised the importance and significance of Nato and the \" importance of the co-operation have in Europe to ensure collective defence and collective security \" . On the day after inauguration , at least 500,000 people gathered for a rally outside the US Capitol building in Washington while organisers said an estimated 100,000 descended on central London on Saturday as similar events were staged in major cities across the US and around the world .", "A monthly travelcard costs \u00a3 135 ($ 174 ) , according to a Deutsche Bank report - \u00a3 33 ($ 43 ) more than Dublin , was ranked second priciest city . Auckland , where a ticket costs \u00a3 95 ($ 123 ) , came third , while New York City , at \u00a3 91 ($ 118 ) , came fourth , and Tokyo fifth at \u00a3 86 ($ 111 ) . Transport for London ( TfL ) said the findings did \" not show the true cost of transport in other countries \" . The survey also found the cost of travel in the capital dropped since 2014 , when commuters paid \u00a3 165 ($ 213 ) . Source : Deutsche Bank authors ranked London tenth most expensive for petrol , and the third for car hire . Hong Kong had the priciest petrol , while Amsterdam was the most expensive for a daily car rental , the report said . London 's taxis fared slightly better , ranked 20th in a list of 47 cities , with Zurich topping the list for the most expensive fares . For quality of life , London was ranked 33rd in the world , similar to other \" mega cities \" such as Tokyo , Paris and New York . According to the report , these cities \" rank very low \" for quality of life , mostly due to \" high living costs , crime , pollution and commuting time \" . \" This is highly subjective and one person 's long commute may be another person 's chance to catch up on Netflix ,\" the report said . \" Megacity dwellers may also forsake short-term quality of life for aspirational reasons ,\" the report added . Wellington , in New Zealand , was ranked as the best city to live in in terms of quality of life , followed by Edinburgh , Vienna . Melbourne and Zurich . In February , TfL revealed fares income was down \u00a3 90m last year . TfL is currently planning to cut \u00a3 16bn from budget by 2020 / 21 as aims to become self sufficient with operating costs . The Mayor of London , Sadiq Khan , has frozen fares on buses and trams until 2020 , but travelcard prices are set by train operating companies and so are not under full TfL control . A TfL spokesman said : \" London also has one of the most extensive set of travel concessions in the world with free or discounted travel for children , the over-60s , students and veterans . \"", "The Gills , finished 20th in League One last season , have signed eight players so far this summer . But having started the season with a 0-0 draw to Doncaster and a 2-0 loss to Reading , Pennock wants more recruits . \" 've got to be the right players , the right characters and more importantly 've got to be good players ,\" Pennock , 46 , said . \" Everybody is pulling together in the right direction - 's a good changing room and if can add two or three more 'll be very happy . \" Although the club are still on the lookout for new additions , Pennock is pleased with those have already arrived . Gillingham have brought in defenders Gabriel Zakuani , Luke O'Neill , Connor Ogilvie and Alex Lacey , strikers Liam Nash , Conor Wilkinson and Tom Eaves and midfielder Billy Bingham . \" Overall , 'm happy with every single one of - all of the new lads have come in have contributed to 've done , 've been absolutely first-class ,\" Pennock told BBC Radio Kent . \" think 's pushed the others on were here last year as well . The whole club at the moment is in a good place . \"", "will add more than 100 titles to Steam 's online store and streaming service , including The Hunger Games , Twilight , and Saw franchises . The full range is available to US users initially , with European customers having access to a small selection . Lionsgate said availability would increase during a global rollout . Steam , is owned by game developer Valve , is the most popular digital games retailer , with more than 125 million users . The platform sells games through direct download , with extra gaming features like a friends' list and voice communication , built into the client . 's not the first time Steam has released video through store . Game trailers and advertisements have been available for years , and previously released gaming-related documentaries Free to Play and Indie Game : The Movie . also struck a deal to sell the Mad Max film franchise to coincide with the release of the video game of the same name last year . The deal with Lionsgate , however , is the first large-scale agreement with a major production company . A spokesperson for Valve said Lionsgate 's blockbuster franchises represent the type of entertainment hopes will drive the continued expansion of content catalogue . On launch , the worldwide selection is limited to 11 older titles , priced between \u00c2 \u00a3 3.49 - \u00c2 \u00a3 5.59 for a 48-hour rental - in line with other online rental prices for new releases . Unlike some of competitors , however , Steam operates on almost any computer platform - including Linux and Mac - but does not yet offer streaming service to mobile apps . \" Valve has a track record of diversifying beyond games with Steam platform by selling other forms of software and as a company is willing to test out various technologies and commercial models to see works ,\" said Piers Harding-Rolls , head of games research at IHS Technology . \" Steam also offers a global distribution platform with users in all major markets and , for now , very little video content competition . also aligns with Valve 's move into virtual reality with Steam VR , where platforms are taking advantage of 2D video content is being consumed through VR headsets . \" think this is a smart move from Lionsgate and could deliver a decent incremental revenue stream from catalogue . \"", "Among those detained is brother-in-law and one of the two pilots flew Guzman to home state . Mexico 's attorney general said a member of Guzman 's legal team , described as the mastermind , was also arrested . Guzman , head of the Sinaloa cartel , escaped from a high-security prison through a specially dug tunnel . Attorney General Arely Gomez told reporters on Wednesday that the suspected mastermind of the escape had repeatedly entered Altiplano prison to visit Guzman and update on the operation 's progress . also said Guzman 's brother-in-law had supervised the construction of the mile-long escape tunnel and organised transport . \" Today are able to affirm that the group responsible for planning , organising and carrying out the escape from outside the prison has been broken up ,\" Ms Gomez said , without naming the suspects . The development comes days after officials revealed the drugs lord had suffered face and leg injuries when narrowly evaded a police operation to recapture in north-west Mexico earlier this month . Ms Gomez confirmed on Wednesday that after escape , Guzman travelled by land to the city of Queretaro , from where caught a small plane to home state of Sinaloa . escape was an embarrassment for Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto , Guzman taunted on Twitter after the event . Several prison officials have already been arrested under suspicion of giving inside help to Guzman , fled through a tunnel ran 1.5km from under a shower in cell to outside the prison . Guzman was first arrested in Guatemala in 1993 and spent nearly a decade in another maximum-security Mexican jail before escaping , reportedly in a laundry basket . was on the run for 13 years before being held again in 2014 after a series of high-profile arrests of associates and covert surveillance by the US authorities .", "Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries . will also have community facilities will be available to the public . Highland Council said contractor Hub North Scotland ( Wick ) Ltd had informed of delays affecting the completion of the site . The local authority said : \" Regrettably seems unlikely that the campus will be ready to open in October , as envisaged . \" Highland Council intends the best facilities possible for children and staff , and will not accept these buildings until work is completed . \" The council is working with the contractor to determine the earliest possible date is for completion of the whole Wick Joint Campus project , and will make further announcements as soon as possible . \"", "Ministers want all pupils in England to study maths , English , science , one of history or geography and a modern language at GCSE . But some young people \" will find a problem \" Sir Michael Wilshaw , told the Times Educational Supplement ( TES ) . Sir Michael said vocational subjects would suit some pupils better . In particular questioned whether the academic subjects included in the government 's Ebacc would be the best thing for pupils wanted to take apprenticeships when left school . \" can think of youngsters , even at the highest-performing schools , will find a problem and would have been better suited to do English , maths and science and a range of vocational subjects ,\" told the magazine . In June , the Education Secretary Nicky Morgan confirmed wants all pupils to have to study the five traditional subjects included in the Ebacc school performance measure . According to Mrs Morgan the move would ensure all pupils received a rigorous academic education and avoid pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds being put off academic subjects . In addition , the Conservative manifesto pledges that schools do not have 100 % of pupils studying this set of subjects at GCSE should not be able to obtain Ofsted 's top rating of \" outstanding \" . Both policies will be subject to a government consultation later in the autumn . Sir Michael told the TES agreed more young people should be studying these subjects - but said the combination was not suitable for everyone . The Association of School and College Leaders , represents secondary heads , welcomed Sir Michael 's challenge to government policy . General Secretary Brian Lightman said the union shared concerns . said a recent survey by the union found almost 90 % of school leaders disagreed with making these subjects compulsory for all pupils . \" is unfair on young people to take a one-size-fits-all approach to education . \" are concerned that creative , technology and vocational subjects will be squeezed out of the curriculum . \" Mr Lightman said the union would urge ministers to make the choice of GCSE subjects more flexible . The Department for Education said an additional league table measure , Progress 8 , allows pupils to study a wider range of subjects . \" As part of Progress 8 , pupils will be able to study up to three of new gold-standard Tech Awards will provide a real foundation for progression on to vocational courses including apprenticeships ,\" said a spokesman .", "The base will be home to HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales , the largest ships ever built for the navy . Work on Portsmouth 's jetty , built in the 1920s and last upgraded in the 1970s , has begun , with upgrades expected to be completed next autumn . forms part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 100m infrastructure package to prepare the base for the arrival of the first carrier . HMS Queen Elizabeth measures 280m ( 300 yards ) long and can travel up to 500 miles ( 800km ) a day . The ship 's systems are being tested and will conduct sea trials next year before being handed over to the Royal Navy . is expected to come into service in 2020 . HMS Prince of Wales is being constructed at shipyards around the UK before is assembled at Rosyth . Once completed , the revamped naval base is expected to create hundreds of jobs in Portsmouth . In November 2013 , BAE Systems announced was ending shipbuilding in Portsmouth , leading to 585 voluntary redundancies , 160 compulsory redundancies , and the redeployment of 175 members of staff .", "Stuart Hamilton , 37 , was last seen by friends and family two weeks ago . Hamilton , from Gorgie in Edinburgh , was seen on CCTV at Haymarket Station on Sunday at 10:16 . then travelled by train to Manchester . was then spotted by a former colleague near Buckingham Palace in London on Tuesday at 13:30 . Mr Hamilton is white and of medium build . is about 6ft 2in with short , dark , receding hair . was last seen wearing a blue top along with a black hooded top , blue jeans and white trainers . was also carrying a dark rucksack . Police Scotland has been working with Greater Manchester Police and the Metropolitan Police Service . Insp Jonathan Elliot , of Police Station , said : \" are continuing search for Stuart , has now moved to London . \" Anyone knows Stuart 's whereabouts in either Edinburgh , Manchester or London , or recognises description , is asked to contact police immediately . \"", "The angel shark , once widespread across Europe , is now listed as critically endangered , with waters around the Canary Islands the only place are frequently seen . But have been increasing sightings off the Welsh coast . Fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of the shark . are also being given advice by Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) scientists on how to safely handle and release . Angel sharks can grow up to about 2.5m ( 8ft ) in length . are also known as monk or monkfish by fishermen in the region . are not threatening to humans , living mainly on sand or mud at the bottom of the sea and preying on small fish and molluscs . Ben Wray , marine biodiversity ecologist at NRW , said : \" know very little about the ecology of the shark in Welsh waters at the moment - the population could be present all year round , or only for part of the year . \" The fact that commercial fishermen and anglers along the coast of Wales are helping with this research is really important . \" hope that the data gather will help build a much better picture of the situation and help work to conserve these amazing creatures . \"", "29 July 2016 Last updated at 08:38 BST 's now reached the Pacific Ocean and video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs . Officials there say that the lava is n't putting any towns in danger but have warned tourists to keep distance .", "Denis O'Brien obtained the injunction to stop RT\u00c9 from reporting details of personal finances and relationship with former Anglo Irish Bank . Last week , a judge granted permission for the media to report details about Mr O'Brien's finances made under privilege in the D\u00e1il ( parliament ) . RT\u00c9 lawyers said as a result was no need for the injunction to remain . The media mogul 's fortune is estimated to be around \u00a3 5bn . Following the granting of the injunction , the purchase of one of Mr O'Brien's companies was discussed in the D\u00e1il . The comments were made by TD Catherine Murphy under privilege . said Mr O'Brien owed the former Anglo Irish Bank , now the nationalised Irish Bank Resolution Corporation ( IBRC ) , upwards of 500m euro (\u00a3 362m ) . Ms Murphy , an independent left-wing TD , said Mr O'Brien was attempting to pay loans back at an interest rate of just over 1 % , when was arguable that the correct rate should be over 7 % . In response to comments , lawyers for RT\u00c9 and the Irish Times returned to the high court to seek clarity over whether remarks could be reported in light of the injunction . A judge told the media organisations that never intended nor could order any interference with a TD may say under privilege in the D\u00e1il . The application by RT\u00c9 to have the injunction discharged relates to a planned broadcast regarding certain information regarding Mr O'Brien's relationship with IBRC . Lawyers for Mr O'Brien said accepted that following comments made by the Sinn F\u00e9in TD Pearse Doherty in the D\u00e1il on Tuesday evening , was nothing in the proposed RT\u00c9 script had been injuncted warranted further restraint . The lawyer added that as far as was concerned , the script in entirety could be published , as a result of events had happened outside the courtroom . On Tuesday , Mr Doherty gave details of said were documents related to Mr O'Brien's IBRC loans during a debate in the D\u00e1il . The Sinn F\u00e9in finance spokesman said had documents led to questions about the way IBRC was run in the public interest .", "A team statement said Henao , 28 , had been contacted by cycling 's governing body and an anti-doping agency about data between August 2011 and June 2015 . The Colombian said was \" beyond disappointed \" , having missed three months in 2014 over similar concerns . \" know am , how hard have worked and the sacrifices have made to be where am today ,\" added . Henao was voluntarily withdrawn by Team Sky in 2014 while carried out research into the biological characteristics of riders live and train at high altitude . said the results revealed nothing to raise suspicions of wrongdoing . Team Sky stressed Henao had not failed a doping test and had been withdrawn because of the \" very obvious distraction to \" . \" continue to support Sergio and remain confident in the independent scientific research was undertaken ,\" the team added . \" is hope that this can be looked at and resolved quickly by all the relevant authorities so Sergio can start racing again soon . \" A specialist climber , Henao signed with Team Sky in 2012 and finished in the top 10 in first Grand Tour , the 2012 Giro d'Italia .", "Kevin Patrick Dawes , 33 , was abducted in 2012 as entered Syria . US officials told the Washington Post that the Syrian government never acknowledged detaining Mr Dawes , but believe the government or an affiliated group was holding . The State Department said Mr Dawes was turned over to Russian authorities . The Russia government has been backing the government of President Bashar al-Assad amid a civil war , is now in sixth year . The Czech government , represents US diplomatic interests in Syria , helped secure release . State Department spokesman John Kirby said the US is working with the Czech officials to free Austin Tice and other missing or detained Americans in Syria . Mr Tice , a journalist , disappeared in August 2012 while working in Syria . appeared blindfolded in a video a month after abduction but has not been heard from since .", "Jason Van Dyke was heckled as arrived at court where denied six counts of first-degree murder . Video released earlier this year showing the shooting of Laquan McDonald sparked an outcry and the resignation of the chief of police . A federal investigation into the city 's police is under way amid a national debate about the police use of force . The inquiry will explore whether race plays a part in the police use of force and whether officers are properly held accountable . McDonald , was 17 at the time , was armed with a knife when was stopped by police . But the dashcam footage showed moving away from police when Mr Van Dyke opened fire . Step-by-step guide to happened How a whistleblower brought down the police chief Days of protests followed the release of the video , President Barack Obama said was \" disturbing \" . were calls for Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel to resign and Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy quit job . On Saturday , Mr Emanuel said the city \" deserved answers \" after a police officer accidentally shot and killed a 55-year-old woman when responding to a domestic disturbance . According to the Washington Post , Bettie Jones was also known as a community activist spoke out on issues such as police brutality .", "BBC Wales Sport understands the Gills made an enquiry for Byrne , before Edinburgh changed mind over a player brought to Rodney Parade . Edinburgh opted to end the pursuit out of respect for old club , managed from 2011-2015 , so as not to weaken battle against relegation . are currently 20th in League Two , seven points above the relegation zone . Meanwhile , Newport have confirmed the release of defender Matt Taylor . The 34-year old joined from Cheltenham in the summer but made just five appearances for the south Wales club . \" Further to recent discussions , can confirm that Matt Taylor will leave the Club with immediate effect having mutually agreed to terminate contract ,\" a statement from the club read . Taylor is understood to be a target for Torquay United .", "This baby can survive a 1400 revolutions per minute spin in the washing machine . could say makes for easy laundering . The Bank of England says is cleaner and more secure than the cotton paper notes have been used for the past 100 years . But 're a conservative lot in Northern Ireland : Perhaps like lucre filthy . For people in Northern Ireland , plastic fivers are nothing new . To celebrate the Millennium , the old Northern Bank ( now Danske ) introduced the slippery clean fiver to local pockets in 2000 . Two million of the notes were issued in October 1999 . did not fold quite the same into the back trouser pocket . But then again , neither did attract the dirt from fingers fumbling in a greasy till or handbag to quite the same degree . That was more than 16 years ago , and the trusty paper notes are still going strong . If get a polymer note these days in Belfast , look up and might see a pig soar past city hall . In 2005 , the Northern Bank reprinted all of bank notes shortly after \u00a3 26.5m was stolen from head office by the IRA . The plastic fiver was the only type of note not replaced . Paul Black from Danske Bank said that when the plastic fiver was introduced , meant Northern Bank was \" away ahead of time . \" \" wanted to be innovative and be first on the market . Over time that was eroded a little , because other banks did not follow . At the time was quite popular ,\" said . \" did create a real buzz . People found unusual . compared to monopoly money . \" Down the backs of sofas do the lost plastic fivers reside ? knows ? But on a well-known internet auction site one seller is asking for \u00a3 125 for the plastic note . The governor of the Bank of England , Mark Carney , said the new note would be cleaner , safer and stronger . \" The use of polymer means can better withstand being repeatedly folded into wallets or scrunched up inside pockets , and can also survive a spin in the washing machine ,\" said . While the notes are not indestructible , are expected to last an average of five years compared to the current fiver 's two years . New security features - such as a transparent window - will make the note harder to counterfeit .", "\" would n't say 'm tough ... just lucky \" , said Reg Foggerdy disappeared last month while hunting a feral camel in Western Australia . Police trackers found sitting under a tree on 12 October , around 15km ( 9 miles ) from where went missing . A diabetic recently had a heart attack , said had given up hope . \" 've heard of people dying after three days with no water , do n't know why survived six days ,\" told 7News . \" was a piece of wanted to lie there and pass away . was thinking of family would see laying there . \" Wearing only a T-shirt , shorts , a cap and flip-flops , Mr Foggerdy became disorientated in the fierce heat of the desert after chasing the camel . said poked a stick into an ants nest and ate the insects for nutrition , a tactic said learnt from British survival expert Bear Grylls . \" tasted quite good . On the first day had about 12 and on the second day about 18 . If want to call ant man do n't care ,\" said . The retired miner said spotted police search helicopters several times , mustered all energy to wave hat at the sky , but rescuers could not see . In the end , a local Aboriginal man provided police with the vital clue - Mr Foggerdy 's slipper print . After coming so close to death , says that has a new lease on life . But asked whether would return to the site of ordeal replied : \" might go back and look for gun \" .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Sadio Mane scored twice in the space of 138 seconds as second-placed Spurs disappointed at Anfield . \" If start a game like start then is very difficult ,\" said Pochettino . \" is difficult to fight for the Premier League if show that lack of desire to play for a win . \" Chelsea can extend lead at the top if beat Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday , and Pochettino added : \" If Chelsea go 12 points clear , is a big problem . \" Spurs have won just twice on the road since 24 September , including defeats at Chelsea and Manchester United in addition to draws at fellow top-six rivals Arsenal and Manchester City . In past 17 meetings with the other top-six sides away from home , Pochettino 's team have won just once . \" In the first 45 minutes saw a team is not ready to fight for the Premier League ,\" the Argentine told BT Sport . \" are in a position is up to . But if show like today that cannot cope with the pressure then is difficult to challenge and fight for the Premier League . \" Former Liverpool and Spurs midfielder Danny Murphy on Match of the Day \" could n't believe was watching , had the best defensive record last season and the joint best this year , but were all over the place . Against the big sides have played with a back three but had a back four today , but think should have stuck with have done against the big sides - play with a three . \" was so unlike Spurs , do so well at home , but the contrast is amazing . 's a lack of pace , and a different mindset when go away from home . have to improve and quickly . \"", "Swiss Xhaka , 24 , is believed to have been with a friend had visited in London and was returning home . The man is understood to have arrived late for flight back to Germany and was not allowed to board . is at this point that the racial abuse is alleged to have occurred . Arsenal have declined to comment other than to say is a private matter is now in the hands of the police . A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police told the BBC : \" Police were called at 19:29 GMT on Monday , 23 January following an allegation that a member of staff had been racially abused at Heathrow Airport , Terminal Five . \" The allegation was made by a third party . Officers attended and spoke with a man in 20s . was not arrested . voluntarily attended a west London police station where was interviewed under caution . Enquires continue . \" The incident occurred just over 24 hours after Xhaka was sent off during team 's 2-1 victory over Burnley in the Premier League .", "Alexander Ankvab reportedly retreated to home town Gudauta , 40km ( 25 miles ) away , when talks with the opposition broke down . Many people in the Russian-backed region are unhappy with the ailing economy and lack of reforms . But Abkhazian nationalist feeling is also fuelling the unrest . By Michael CecireForeign Policy Research Institute The 2014 Sochi Olympics were billed as a way of boosting the economy by bringing tourism to Abkhazia or sourcing materials for construction , but the most noticeable effect was actually a source of frustration : the expanded security cordon penetrated beyond the Russia-Abkhazia border . Some economic problems can certainly be attributed to the de facto government , but is Russia has the real power to improve conditions . For example , the Moscow-financed building boom in Chechnya has improved material conditions ( even if human rights remain a deep problem ) , but nothing comparable has happened in Abkhazia . However , the opposition 's chief point of contention is Alexander Ankvab 's more liberal ( relatively speaking ) policy towards ethnic Georgians in Abkhazia . has advocated more fully integrating , granting Abkhazian \" citizenship \" . The opposition has painted this as a purely political ploy to expand electoral base and say could endanger Abkhazia 's ethnic Abkhazian identity . Analysis : Unrest in Abkhazia The protesters are led by Raul Khadzhimba , a former prime minister and vice-president of Abkhazia , was defeated by Mr Ankvab in elections in August 2011 . The Black Sea coastal region is recognised as a state only by Russia and a few other countries . broke away from Georgia after a civil war more than 20 years ago and declared formal independence in 2008 . Since then , has relied militarily and financially on Russia . Russia is reportedly sending two senior officials , presidential aide Vladislav Surkov and deputy security council secretary Rashid Nurgaliyev , to Sukhumi in response to the crisis . Opinion among the opposition is said to be divided between those want Abkhazia to rely less on Russia and those instead want to become part of Russia . Mr Ankvab accused the opposition of attempting a coup on Tuesday and said the security forces remained \" loyal to the state \" and were \" taking measures to stabilise the situation \" . Raul Khadzhimba defended the protests , saying : \" Over all the years of rule the president did not allow anybody in circle to do work . \" took upon everybody 's responsibilities on behalf , whether should or should not have been doing this . That led to country in fact becoming an authoritarian regime . In a statement , the Russian foreign ministry said : \" The Russian side is following events closely and with concern ... and considers important that socio-political processes develop exclusively along legal lines . \"", "Anagha Nikam was travelling by rail when spotted a mother trying to find milk for baby daughter . tweeted to the ministry and asked for help , and milk was provided at the next station . The ministry is known for being proactive on Twitter , and has helped many distressed passengers in the past . The baby born in a bank queue in India 's cash crisis Mother names baby born in taxi ' Uber ' Ms Nikam 's Twitter communication with Konkan Railway , a division of Indian Railways , happened on 12 March , but the story came to light after the ministry tweeted about on Thursday . was travelling in the Happa Express in the western state of Maharashtra when used social media to seek help for the family . Here is how Twitter exchange with rail staff unfolded : Ms Nikam was not the only thanked the officials - others praised the ministry too for being proactive .", "The video for 're In Love With A Psycho sees band members dancing around a mental institution with presenter Noel Fielding and Taboo actor Stephen Graham . Mental health campaigners Time to Change said the video played into a \" sad and tired \" stereotype . The BBC has contacted Kasabian for a response . The video sees the celebrity stars and Kasabian band members wearing flesh-coloured hospital gowns and taking medication before gathering fellow residents for an aerobics-inspired dance routine . Time to Change , a movement trying to change public attitude towards people with mental health problems , said the video - combined with the use of the word psycho - was \" unhelpful \" . Singer Tom Meighan has previously talked about own mental health . In an interview with Q magazine , discussed the impact of a friend 's death and how made ill . Director of Time to Change , Sue Baker , said : \" As so many musicians have recently talked openly about experiences of mental health problems is disappointing to see this video . \" The use of the word ' psycho ' in a song and accompanying music video featuring people pretending to be psychiatric inpatients is unhelpful , damaging and disappointing when society is moving on from this sad and tired stereotype . \" said while the harm may have been \" unintentional , or misjudged irony \" , the video will \" only serve to fuel stigma \" . Ms Baker added : \" If fans think is OK to call people with mental health problems have been psychiatric inpatients ' psychos ' , then are turning back the tide of progress on public attitudes are more respectful and less judgemental of people living with mental health problems . \" are keen to work with the band and the music industry to help shift outdated stereotypes and stigma . \" 're In Love With A Psycho is the first single from Kasabian 's forthcoming sixth album , For Crying Out Loud .", "Nearly 25,000 signatures - 10 % of Cardiff 's voters - are needed to force a vote on the issue . But Labour councillor Ashley Govier told BBC Wales only about 8,000 have been collected . Cardiff council 's Labour group said was \" willing to take the lead from public opinion on this issue \" . The Mayor for Cardiff campaign was launched earlier this year with a budget of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 20,000 . Daran Hill , from the campaign , said at the time that an elected mayor was a \" new , fresh idea \" could \" energise the people of Cardiff \" . are currently 17 directly-elected mayors in England with more on the way , but are none in Wales . Mr Govier , a councillor for Cardiff 's Grangetown ward , said the debate has \" moved on \" and a regional mayor was now needed . \" 're not going to hit the target , especially because the council refused to allow online petitions ,\" said . \" feel 've moved the debate on and the focus now needs to switch to a regional mayor for south east Wales . have to go bigger . \" Mr Govier claimed the Cardiff Capital Region City Deal - a funding package agreed between UK , Welsh and local government worth \u00c2 \u00a3 1.2bn over 20 years - was beginning to stall \" because of governance \" . \" The region has to work together on infrastructure and transport ,\" said . \" A regional mayor is needed . \" added are \" sympathetic ears throughout the region and across political parties \" . Ceredigion is the only Welsh local authority to have had a referendum on the matter . Voters there rejected the idea in 2004 by a margin of nearly three to one . A spokeswoman for Cardiff council 's Labour group said : \" Cardiff Labour are willing to take the lead from public opinion on this issue , and as have seen is very little interest in introducing a further level of bureaucracy . \" The City Deal is definitely not stalling and is moving forward , despite uncertainty caused by Brexit . \" will be a huge boost for Cardiff and the region , and suggestions to the contrary are just mischief making . \" A Wales Office spokesman said : \" The Cardiff City Deal is the biggest of kind in the UK and are confident this ambitious project is on target . \" The Welsh Government declined to comment in response to Mr Govier 's comments .", "Gosport 's HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse are among 91 Ministry of Defence sites now set to close - 35 were previously earmarked . The town 's borough council said the loss of more than 1,000 sailors from the area would affect the economy . Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon announced the closures on Monday . the closures would deliver better value for money and release enough land across the UK to build 55,000 homes . is also estimated that about \u00c2 \u00a3 140m will be saved over the next decade by selling off the sites , Sir Michael said would be reinvested in creating \" areas of military expertise \" in locations across the country , including a specialised infantry group in Aldershot . Leader of Gosport Borough Council , Mark Hook , said : \" are relieved the majority of jobs will remain in the area , but 'll lose the economic benefits of having more than 1,000 sailors based in the town . \" admitted the authority could not stop the sale of the land , but said would work to get the \" best possible outcomes \" for the town . said would be \" seeking assurances \" from the MoD that the sites could be redeveloped for business use . \" need to reduce the impact on the area by using these sites to create business spaces will bring with opportunities and jobs to benefit local people ,\" said . Unions have described the plans - are part of a review of Ministry of Defence land - as \" brutal \" and have also promised to fight the closures .", "HM Revenue & Customs said the plant , on the outskirts of the city centre , could have cost taxpayers nearly \u00c2 \u00a3 138m a year in lost duty and taxes . Four lorry loads of tobacco , cigarettes and packing materials have been seized . Ten men , aged between 26 and 40 from Brazil and Paraguay , were detained on suspicion of immigration offences . Read more news for Birmingham and the Black Country Customs officials said the building was kitted out with machinery able to produce and package cigarettes on an industrial scale . The raid took place over several days last week but details have only just been released . A number of men were detained by immigration enforcement officers . A nearby residence was also searched . Stuart Taylor , HMRC 's Fraud Investigation Service assistant director , said : \" Tobacco fraud costs the UK \u00c2 \u00a3 2.4 billion a year in lost tax , money should be funding vital public services in the UK . \" Sajeela Naseer , Birmingham City Council 's head of trading standards , said the investigation into the cigarettes recovered was continuing .", "A report said the force was inadequate at protecting vulnerable victims . Surrey Police boss Nick Ephgrave said the force was good at preventing crime but this potentially came at the expense of investigations . Inspector Zoe Billingham said Surrey showed a \" commendably strong commitment to keeping people safe from harm \" . said the force had strong , mature neighbourhood police teams worked well with councils , and neighbourhood officers had more training than in other forces . But said : \" The way the force investigates more complex crime requiring specialist investigations is still not good enough . \" Many investigations reviewed were not of an acceptable standard and were long delays in examining computers and mobile phones for evidence . \" said the force needed to improve understanding of the threat posed by organised crime , improve process for mapping those groups , and fully mobilise neighbourhood teams in the fight against organised crime . Mr Ephgrave , temporary chief constable , said the force was already tackling concerns by increasing resources to protect the vulnerable , and providing more training , better process and use of systems , and a culture change in how the force operated . said : \" None of these things can provide an instant fix but together are starting to deliver positive results . \" A separate report by HM Inspectorate of Constabulary ( HMIC ) in December last year found Surrey Police 's approach to protecting vulnerable people to be inadequate . Surrey police and crime commissioner Kevin Hurley said changes were already in place , including a change in chief constable . This month emerged that Mr Hurley had considered seeking Ms Owens' dismissal as Surrey Police chief . resigned last autumn to move to new role as director general of the National Crime Agency Mr Hurley said : \" When look at where the buck stops , stays with the team manager . \" But said the force was already turning around , with reductions in robbery and burglary , improvements in violent crime and rape investigations , praise for the force 's action on anti-social behaviour . The BBC has approached Ms Owens for a comment . In a previous response , said blame apportioned to was \" ill-considered and inaccurate \" . \" was selected to current role by the Home Secretary after a lengthy and thorough process and am now focused on leading the National Crime Agency in fight to cut serious and organised crime ,\" said .", "The corporation had charged users subscription fees to watch programmes via the app in Western Europe , Australia and Canada . However , never came to the US . Reports suggest American pay-TV operators had threatened to drop the BBC America channel if the app had launched locally because believed would cost viewers . Both BBC America and the international edition of iPlayer screen some of the corporation 's best known programmes , including Doctor Who , Top Gear , Sherlock and David Attenborough 's natural history documentaries . Press releases had always described the online facility as a \" pilot \" meant to provide \" consumer insights \" . BBC Worldwide - the broadcaster 's commercial arm - first announced intended to pull support for the Global iPlayer app in October 2013 , saying would instead focus on making material available via the BBC.com website . The corporation repeated the point in annual review last July , but until now had not provided an exact shut-off date . \" As announced in July 2014 , the service will be closing this year as planned ,\" said a spokeswoman . \" The service will close on 26 June . \" declined to provide usage statistics . The global iPlayer app was first made available as an iOS app in July 2011 but was never extended beyond Apple 's platform . European users were charged a \u20ac 5.99 (\u00a3 4.30 ) monthly fee , while Canadians and Australians were offered a slightly cheaper rate of 6.99 Canadian dollars (\u00a3 3.70 ) and 7.49 Australian dollars (\u00a3 3.80 ) . The content provided was distinct from that offered via the UK version , including older shows from the corporation 's library in addition to recently broadcast programmes . In total , more than 2,000 hours of shows were on offer on the global edition of iPlayer , including Gavin and Stacey , Fawlty Towers , Planet Earth and \" classic \" episodes of Doctor Who . Users have been notified of the switch-off , and auto-renewing subscriptions are being cancelled . \" would like to thank all of subscribers for using the service . are now developing plans to launch new digital services across multiple devices ,\" reads a statement on BBC Worldwide 's site .", "The building in Hammersmith 's Margravine Cemetery , London created in 1869 , has been given Grade II listing . Families unable to immediately pay for a burial previously used to keep dead relatives in homes , contributing to cholera outbreaks in the city . Historic England said the store was \" ghoulish and absolutely fascinating \" . Director of listing Roger Bowdler said many had to keep relatives' bodies in small cramped homes during the early 1800s , \" so 've got the living cheek-by-jowl with the dead \" . The small octagonal building used for holding the dead before funerals , was an example of the facilities proposed by Edwin Chadwick , secretary to the Poor Law Commission , led a review of sanitary conditions . The store also addressed people 's fears that relatives would be buried before had actually died . The use of reception houses was phased out with the introduction of undertakers in the 1880s and the building is the sole survivor of kind in the capital , according to Historic England . Heritage minister Tracey Crouch said the building was \" an important part of London 's history \" as \" gives a glimpse into how cholera outbreaks changed Victorian attitudes to burials and public health . \" Receiving the listing could help secure funding for any conservation work on the reception house .", "The winning image , by Hadi Asadi from Iran , shows the US president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning yellow hair . Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests in the past on themes including the Islamic State group and the Holocaust . This year 's logo is based on the Nazi emblem , with a T instead of a swastika . encouraged many comparisons between the US president and Nazism . \" The ' ism ' in Trumpism is a reference to racism and Nazism ,\" organiser Masuod Shojai Tabatabaei told the Associated Press . \" Many believe remarks are similar to Hitler . has had a bad attitude toward media [ and ] refugees . \" The group 's Holocaust-themed cartoon contest last year drew condemnation from Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu . But organisers said was designed to highlight Western double standards on free speech rather than cast doubt on the Nazi genocide . Others depictions in this year 's competition drew on Mr Trump 's promises to build a wall on the US-Mexican border as well as violence against women and attacks on the media . Entrants include several cartoonists from the US and the UK . American Clayton Jones 's artwork shows the cover of two copies of Time magazine , one with President Trump 's picture and the other with Adolf Hitler . are both are portrayed as Time 's Person of the Year with Mr Trump telling Hitler : \" is a great honor \" and in return Hitler replies \" Ja . \"", "James Chester scored the decisive penalty with Vale 's Richard Duffy the only man to miss from the spot . Over 120 minutes , Vale matched Albion , again left wantaway striker Saido Berahino out of side . The Baggies' Salomon Rondon missed the best chance of the game - hitting the crossbar from close range .", "The 29-year-old joined the U 's on a free in May 2015 but has made only six appearances for the League Two side . spent part of last season on loan at Stevenage and has also spent time with Luton and Preston . \" 'm very excited to be here . 've worked hard throughout pre-season and 'm desperate to get back playing football ,\" Keane told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "Police Scotland said two men broke into the farm house near to Corsock , Castle Douglas , between 23:30 on Thursday and 01:00 on Friday . stole items including a number of war medals , gold watches and antiques . Officers have appealed for information and said the robbers may have been \" casing \" the property before the raid . Det Sgt Graeme Robertson said : \" believe that broke into this house knew were looking for - that is the medals , watches and antiques . \" Thankfully the householder , a woman , was in the house at the time , was not injured but is very upset by has happened . \" The men were described as being well spoken , with Scottish accents , of average height and build and wearing dark clothing . One of the men was wearing a balaclava and gloves . \" Due to the rural location of the house and the items taken , believe that the two men would have had to have the use of a car . \" is also entirely possible that may have been in the area before the break in ' casing ' the house so would ask anyone may have witnessed any suspicious behaviour around the area during this time , or anyone may have been offered these items for sale , to contact police . \"", "Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon \" thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident , and especially with the friends and families of the six people lost lives in is another sad day for Glasgow and Scotland . \" Prime Minister David Cameron \" 'm being kept fully briefed on the major incident in Glasgow . thoughts are with the families of those involved and the emergency services . \" Labour leader Ed Miliband \" Terrible news from Glasgow - thoughts are with all those affected by this horrific accident . \" Secretary of State for Scotland Alistair Carmichael \" share Scotland 's deep shock at the horrible events in Glasgow this afternoon . On the eve of the festive period , these are unimaginable scenes in one of the busiest parts of largest city . \" Church of Scotland Moderator John Chalmers \" The news from the city centre of Glasgow just a few days before Christmas is simply devastating . For the second year in a row Glaswegians will have to dig deep into reserves of compassion and sympathy as support the families of those have been killed and injured today . \" Glasgow Archbishop Philip Tartaglia \" The circumstances could hardly be more tragic . would ask any person of faith to pray for those have died and relatives and those have been injured . \" Glasgow City Council leader Gordon Matheson \" This is a terrible tragedy and thoughts and prayers are with all those affected , particularly the families of those have lost lives . \" Glasgow Lord Provost Sadie Docherty \" This is shocking and upsetting . thoughts and prayers are with the families of those affected by this terrible incident . \" Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy \" People in Glasgow and across the whole of Scotland will be mourning this loss of life so close to Christmas . No words will be able to do justice to the pain the families involved will be feeling this evening . \" Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson \" This is a terrible tragedy , right in the heart of Scotland 's biggest city . No-one expects that ordinary people , out to do some last-minute Christmas shopping , would fail to make home .", "Ben Earl , Alex Mitchell and Josh Bayliss scored England 's tries , with Max Malins adding one conversion . Asafo Aumua got three of New Zealand 's 10 . Scotland took fifth place with a 24-17 victory over Australia , sealed by a last-minute try from Charlie Shiel . Wales beat Italy 25-24 to finish seventh , while Ireland beat hosts Georgia 24-18 for ninth . England had beaten Wales , Samoa and Australia to top Pool A , before a 24-22 victory over South Africa booked spot in the final . New Zealand beat Scotland , Italy and Ireland to win Pool B , defeating France 39-26 in the semi-finals . South Africa beat France 37-15 in the third-place play-off .", "The carriageway was closed between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services , with congestion stretching back as far as junction 15a for Towcester . Police were called to the incident at about 18:45 BST on Thursday and have also closed two northbound lanes . A Northamptonshire Police spokesman said traffic was being turned around in an attempt to get off the motorway .", "Ross-shire Engineering has secured the potential investment across the next five years supplying equipment to Scottish Water . The firm in Muir of Ord has already created 100 new jobs to allow meet the needs of the utility company . The investment has also provided additional job security to the existing 273 staff members . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visited the company 's premises near Inverness on Monday , following a tour of Nigg Energy Park on the Cromarty Firth . said : \" Ensuring a strong rural economy is crucial to Scotland 's success . \" This funding Ross-Shire Engineering has secured provides a hugely welcome boost in providing skilled jobs and investment across the Highlands , as well as providing vital utility services to Scotland 's homes and businesses . \" In particular , am delighted will be investing in already strong apprenticeship job programme , providing vital training and employment to young people living in the Highlands in a competitive jobs market . \" The first minister added : \" Last week when set out Programme for Government promised to protect Scotland 's interests , particularly economic interests , in the wake of the EU referendum . \" Driving sustainable economic growth is at the heart of that , and am committed to ensuring this government does all can to ensure Scotland 's rural economy remains prosperous for future generations . \"", "Marie Logie 's body was found in first-floor flat in Green Gates , Leven , at 20:00 on Tuesday . had last been seen alive at 08:00 that day . Mrs Logie had sustained head injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene by the Scottish Ambulance Service . family paid tribute to the \" beloved mother , grandmother and friend \" . said Mrs Logie would be sadly missed , adding that was \" born , bred and lived in the Leven area all life \" . \" The family are assisting the police in the investigation and wish to be left alone at this difficult time ,\" added . Detectives said were no signs of a break in and so far no clear motive but said Mrs Logie was murdered in \" a brutal \" way . Mrs Logie was said to be independent , capable and was an active member of the local church . had spent the festive period with one of sons in England , returning home in the new year . Police said Mrs Logie 's neighbour had spoken to in the morning . told the neighbour was going to the shops and then to the hospital to visit a friend . When the neighbour did not hear from Mrs Logie again went to investigate and found dead in home . Det Ch Insp Keith Hardie , of Police Scotland , said : \" had a brutal head injury . \" An 82-year-old woman in the safety of own home being subjected to such a brutal attack is horrendous . \" \" has been responsible for causing Mary 's death has preyed on a vulnerable and elderly member of the community and are pursuing various lines of inquiry as part of this ongoing investigation . \" would ask that anyone remembers seeing anything suspicious in the Green Gates area in the days and hours before Mary was found contacts police immediately . \" In addition , anyone with any other information can help find Mary 's killer should also get in touch . \" Mrs Logan 's local Church of Scotland minister said the whole community had been \" shocked \" and \" stunned \" by the murder . The Rev Gilbert Nisbet , of Leven Parish Church , said : \" Mary was part of the church community and very much involved in the life of the church . \" have been the minister here for nine years and came virtually every Sunday and would chat to at the door . \" Mary was friendly and outgoing , a kind lady was bright and interesting to talk to . People are absolutely stunned . \"", "Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires . The series of fast-spreading fires , mostly in Chile 's central region , are being fanned by strong winds , high temperatures and a prolonged drought . One town , Santa Olga , has been destroyed by the blaze .", "The White House and state department said plans for up to 300 new homes and an industrial zone were diminishing prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Israel insisted fewer than 100 homes had been approved . foreign ministry said the new homes would be built within the area of an existing settlement . Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) secretary general Saeb Erekat said while Palestinians welcomed Washington 's criticism , expected \" to take real action \" . \" After almost 50 years of systematic Israeli colonisation and belligerent military occupation of the State of Palestine , the US must implement the necessary tools to end Israeli settlements , including through the UN Security Council , end funding to Israel , and stop funding settlements through US-based organisations fuelling violence and discrimination against Palestinians ,\" said . About 570,000 Israelis live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The settlements are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this . In July , world powers warned of \" perpetual occupation and conflict \" between Israelis and Palestinians . \" The actions of the Israeli government in announcing this settlement undermine the pursuit of peace ,\" said White House spokesman Josh Earnest . State department spokesman Mark Toner said the new settlement would be \" another step towards cementing a reality of perpetual occupation \" would \" further call into question Israel 's commitment to achieving a negotiated peace \" . was \" deeply troubling \" , Mr Toner said , because Israel had announced so soon after the US agreed last month to a 10-year $ 38bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 30bn ) military aid package for the country . However , Israel 's foreign ministry said the new units did not constitute a \" new settlement \" . \" This housing will be built on state land in the existing settlement of Shilo and will not change municipal boundary or geographic footprint ,\" a statement said . \" The real obstacle to peace is not the settlements - a final-status issue can and must be resolved in negotiations between the parties - but the persistent Palestinian rejection of a Jewish state in any boundaries ,\" added . Palestinians want an independent state in the West Bank and Gaza with East Jerusalem as capital , and say settlements make this impossible .", "The three children were placed in foster care after the couple 's arrest by counter-terrorism officers in 2015 . Mr Justice Cobb said was suspicious the parents were going to areas controlled by so-called Islamic State . But said \" attitude \" had \" genuinely changed \" and concluded that the children should return home . The judge , is based in the Family Division of the High Court , said was also satisfied that the couple will meet children 's needs . said evidence showed that being in the family home will be in best interests . Details of the case have emerged in rulings published by Mr Justice Cobb following private family court hearings in Leeds . The judge did not identify the couple . said were from London but lived in the north-east of England . Council social workers had asked to make decisions about where the children should live . The couple were arrested while in a car with children at the Eurotunnel terminal in Folkestone , Kent , during the summer of 2015 . had not been accused of any terrorism-related offences as a result of arrest , but had faced fraud charges . The couple had told police that were travelling to Germany to visit relatives , although the man admitted that had been \" drawn into radical extreme thinking \" . Mr Justice Cobb said evidence caused \" very considerable concern \" and said was \" suspicious \" that the couple had been heading for areas of the Middle East controlled by IS . But said suspicion was not enough . Mr Justice Cobb said had been told how the couple had co-operated with social services after the children were taken into foster care . The father said accepted that things had said before were \" not appropriate \" and \" not a true expression of Islam \" , and the mother had accepted that views expressed \" were wrong \" . \" am sufficiently satisfied ... that the attitudes of these parents have genuinely changed ,\" said Mr Justice Cobb . \" am satisfied from the information placed before that these parents [ will meet ] the needs of these ... children in all material respects . \" added : \" All relevant considerations point to the conclusion that is indeed in the best interests of the children that should [ be ] at home in the care of parents . \"", "The conditions endured by chainmakers and demands for a minimum wage caused a national scandal and in 1910 held a strike . lasted for ten weeks and is credited with changing the lives of thousands of workers earning poor wages . Artist Luke Perry , from a family of chainmakers , has created the statue after more than two years . Mr Perry 's statue was unveiled on Friday morning in Mary Macarthur park , named after the trade unionist led the women chainmakers 102 years ago . said : \" 's something is a wonderful piece of history , but still , do n't think enough people know about . \" The statue stands at 10 ft ( 3 metres ) and weighs nearly three-and-a-half tonnes . The area 's links with chain making are kept alive every month at a rare surviving chain shop at Mushroom Green in the heart of the Black Country . In 2010 , a plaque honouring Mary Macarthur was put up in the park as part of the 100th anniversary events .", "The report warns that a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation . Somalia 's Islamist al-Shabab militants are believed to be recruiting heavily in neighbouring north-eastern Kenya . Kenya has seen a series of militant attacks with one at a university earlier this year killed 148 people . Although the report does not mention where the returnees came from , Deputy Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Kenya Muslims ( Supkem ) Hassan Ole Nadu has confirmed to the BBC that were fighting for al-Shabab . The 36-page report was compiled by the IOM , Supkem and the Kenya 's interior ministry . Researchers found that although most adults joined the group voluntarily , nearly a third of children interviewed said were forced to enlist . The return of the youth , the report says , provides both \" opportunities and threats for and to Kenyans \" . \" On the one hand , present an opportunity to counter the radicalising ideologies and recruitment strategies of armed groups ,\" the report says . \" On the other , the response of the security forces is widely perceived to be promoting further radicalisation as the returnees believe that are unsafe and have limited reintegration options . \" Security in the country was identified by participants as the main obstacle to successful reintegration in the country . A total of 185 respondents were interviewed , representing nearly 30 % of the estimated total of 684 returnees in the country . The majority were between 18 and 34 years old .", "was a passenger in a car collided with a lorry on the Legacorry Road at about 15:35 GMT on Thursday . The woman was driving the vehicle is in a critical condition in hospital . In a separate incident , Moor Road in Coalisland , County Tyrone , has been closed following a two-vehicle crash .", "The strike is over a 1 % pay rise was awarded last year to all midwives in England , Scotland and Wales . The Department of Health said officials worked to ensure a safe service was provided during the stoppage . said midwives in Northern Ireland had the same settlement as colleagues in England . \" While would like to be in a position to have done more in 2014 / 15 , is important to recognise midwives and other non-medical staff received a minimum of 1 % extra with the average rise through incremental progression being 3.7 % and some staff receiving 6.7 % more ,\" a spokesperson said . While the most senior midwives in Northern Ireland got the rise in a one-off payment last March , those on lower pay bands did not . Instead , most received the annual uplift of around \u00c2 \u00a3 1,500 . According to the Royal College of Midwives ( RCM ) , all midwives should receive the 1 % increase like elsewhere in the UK , regardless of band , as well as the uplift in salary is built in to the pay system . has emerged that talks resumed on Tuesday between the Department of Health and some of the health unions . While those negotiations have been described as positive , further industrial action is planned , including claiming for all overtime . Amy Leversidge of the RCM said the department was \" being cheeky \" to suggest that midwives in Northern Ireland had received the same pay rise as English colleagues . said staff on higher pay bands had received a 1 % \" temporary uplift \" to basic pay in February , but at the start of the financial year in April , pay went back to 2013 levels . Incremental progression based on experience and performance was a part of the NHS pay structure rather than a pay rise , the union 's employment relations adviser said . \" do n't want to wait until February 2016 to find out 's happening - want to negotiate a solution now ,\" said . Midwife Hazel McAllister told the BBC : \" are not any less passionate , caring or hard-working than colleagues in other parts of the UK have gained this 1 % pay rise . \" feel very undervalued by the powers-that-be have refused to pay this . \" have been a midwife for 37 years - 's a fantastic profession but would worry about future . \"", "Northumbria Police said the pair were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images . A spokesman said investigations were ongoing to \" ensure the safeguarding of those involved \" and to check that was no ongoing risk of exploitation . Both boys have been bailed pending further inquiries . Supt Sarah Pitt said the force was working with schools across South Tyneside to make children \" aware of the risks around sharing images of and others via text and social network sites \" . said : \" The internet is an essential tool and social networking sites are a popular way for children to communicate with friends , but need to make sure stay safe online and know how to use responsibly . \" 's very important that make sure young people stay safe online and are aware of the risks and can do to avoid . \" Anyone may have concerns about images have shared or received should speak with a trusted adult or the police straight away . \"", "Police found Kevin Malthouse in Blackshots Lane , Grays , in the early hours of Saturday morning following reports of a group of men fighting . The 24-year-old had been stabbed in the chest and died at the scene . Jack Taylor , 18 , from Oakley Close , Grays , has been charged with murder and is due to appear at Basildon Magistrates' Court . Flowers - including moving tributes from Mr Malthouse 's parents and wife - have been laid near the spot where died . For more stories from the county , visit BBC Local Live : Essex A 22-year-old man , was also arrested , has been bailed pending further investigations . A 21-year-old man , from South Ockendon , was released without charge and faces no further action . Mr Malthouse 's former team Tilbury Football Club has paid tribute , saying was \" a lovely lad \" .", "The sergeant opened fire in June 2014 at post near the North Korean border and fled , sparking a manhunt . was captured two days later after shot during a tense stand-off with troops . reignited debate on military culture in South Korea , where all males must do about two years military service . The conscript 's attack had previously been attributed by a defence ministry spokesman to \" difficulties in adapting to military life \" . had been placed on a list of conscripts requiring special attention . In July last year , the military completed investigation into the incident and said the attack , at a post near the border town of Goseong , was in revenge for bullying in the army and at school . The 23-year-old recruit , surnamed Im in previous reports but named as Lim by Yonhap news agency , was found guilty of killing and injuring comrades by detonating a grenade and firing at . was also found guilty of running away with a rifle and ammunition , said the news agency . Under South Korea 's military law , a soldier must face the death penalty for killing a superior . One of those killed was a staff sergeant . The soldier expressed remorse in a statement last month before sentence was announced , AFP news agency reported . \" feel deeply sorry for the victims and relatives ... am overcome with remorse ... How happy would be , had been merely a dream and had been possible to return to the past ?\" said . Past incidents in South Korea 's military have been linked to bullying and mental health problems . Last year , several suicides by young conscripts were reported . In April , a private died after was beaten by superiors - an incident was only uncovered months later by a civic group . A sergeant was later sentenced to 45 years in military prison for the crime . Four other soldiers were jailed for between 15 and 30 years while a sixth was given a suspended prison sentence . In September last year , two special forces soldiers died after collapsing during captivity training , apparently from suffocation . The incidents sparked a public outcry and prompted the army to take a tougher stance on bullying and abuse . chief of staff resigned and replacement ordered the establishment of a military human rights commission and investigations into hundreds of bullying cases . Prior to last year , South Korea also saw major incidents in 2005 and 2011 where conscripts killed several of comrades . South Korea has said needs a conscription system to ensure national security . technically remains at war with North Korea , as the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice rather than a peace treaty .", "Helen Zille said the \" time was right \" for to step aside , adding that the DA would benefit from fresh blood . will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019 . Ms Zille , a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner , has led the party since 2007 . \" These kinds of decisions are a long time coming , but in the end are made suddenly ,\" said . Ms Zille was born in 1951 to German immigrants . has been a staunch defender of South Africa 's liberal constitution , keeping a check on the leading ANC party 's overwhelming power . In the past , has openly criticised President Jacob Zuma and led a campaign to bring before the courts to face allegations of bribery . Mr Zuma denied the claims , insisting was the victim of a \" political conspiracy \" . The DA 's support is mainly concentrated in the Western Cape , has a large white and mixed-race population , but Ms Zille had tried to make inroads into the black electorate .", "Blackwell , 25 , suffered a bleed on the brain in a loss to Eubank in March and was put in an induced coma . The offer comes despite Blackwell saying Eubank and father were \" inhuman \" in how reacted to life-threatening injuries post-fight . \" ended the guy 's career ,\" Eubank Jr told ITV 's Good Morning Britain . \" said everything was OK and that were no hard feelings , but 've stopped being able to make a living . \" wanted to come and see because had something for , and that something is British title belt . \" READ MORE : ' could see no light at the end of the tunnel ' - Blackwell 's trainer Blackwell woke from coma a week after the fight , was stopped in the 10th round , without requiring an operation . Speaking to the Sun on Monday , Blackwell was critical of the Eubanks' decision to hold a news conference while was still in hospital . \" was shocked when first heard the things had been saying because had a little talk on social media ,\" added Eubank Jr . \" believe that the belt is a goodwill gesture - 'm still ready to come and give to . \" The guy 's a true warrior , regardless of 's been said , the only thing 's important is that is now OK , 's with family and can live a normal life with no restrictions . \"", "In Palmer on Thursday , at about 03:00 an officer told Karen and Jay Priest son Justin , 29 , had been killed . The devastated couple drove to Justin Priest 's girlfriend 's home to inform , when greeted at the door . In fact , another man with the same name but different birthday was killed . The Juneau police apologised for the error . After hearing the horrible news , the Priests telephoned far-away relatives , then drove to Anchorage to tell other son in person , told Alaska Dispatch News . Then , the grieving family set out to inform Justin 's girlfriend of five years . At home at about 05:30 , Justin Priest said heard a knock on the door as was getting ready to walk dog . Still bleary-eyed from sleep , was surprised to see family . All erupted with joy , praising Jesus and embracing one another in tears . \" opens and right here is Justin . do n't even see but Jay is sobbing . does n't compute to . Then see ,\" Mrs Priest told the Associated Press news agency . \" want to be true , but go , ' Am hallucinating ? ' Justin did n't know was going on . \" The Juneau police have apologised for the anguish , however momentary . Justin Priest told the Alaska Dispatch that the family 's relief and joy is tempered by the awareness another family lost a son .", "The 23-year-old joined QPR from Swindon in May but has only made three appearances for the Championship club . Mark Cooper 's League One side have been hit by several injuries this season . \" An injury has meant 's subsequently struggled for game time ,\" said QPR 's director of football Les Ferdinand . \" 's only away for a month . 's still got a massive future at QPR . \" Find all the latest football transfers on dedicated page .", "The man , was in 60s , died at Silverthorn Avenue in the town and police were informed of death just after 12:00 GMT on Tuesday . Officers investigating the circumstances of death arrested a 25-year-old man in Coleraine just after 17:30 GMT . are no further details at present .", "The allegations were made in a BBC Spotlight programme on Tuesday . Mr Adams has denied any involvement in the murder of Mr Donaldson in 2006 . In a statement , BBC Spotlight said : \" The Spotlight programme dealt with matters of great public interest and the BBC stands by journalism . \" A lawyer for the Donaldson family spoke to the BBC on Friday after meeting Garda Deputy Assistant Commissioner Derek Byrne and two other senior police officers . Ciaran Shiels said the officers provided an update on progress in investigation during the meeting in Belfast . \" The one theme has come out of today 's meeting is that the theory was being advanced by BBC Spotlight earlier this week , that this was in some way carried out by the Provisional IRA or authorised by Gerry Adams , think 's absolute nonsense ,\" said . Asked how the family responded to the claims that Mr Donaldson was killed by the Provisional IRA , and that the killing had been sanctioned by the Sinn F\u00e9in leader , Mr Shiels said : \" just does not stand up . \" does not marry in any way with the lines of inquiry have been progressed by the guards ([ Garda ] or by the the ( police ) ombudsman . \" A man said worked as an informer for the intelligence branch of the police told Spotlight that had been told the Provisional IRA had killed . The former spy , was in the IRA and Sinn F\u00e9in. , told the programme that in experience such a murder would have to have been sanctioned by Gerry Adams . The man could not be identified because of fears about safety . Spotlight was told Agent : know from experience in the IRA that murders have to be approved by the leadership . have to be given approval by the leadership of the IRA and the military leadership of the IRA . Presenter : are specifically referring to ? Agent : Gerry Adams , gives the final say . Mr Donaldson was shot dead in a remote cottage in Donegal in April 2006 , months after admitting that had been an MI5 agent for more than 20 years . Three years later , the Real IRA said was responsible . Mr Donaldson had worked for Sinn F\u00e9in as an administrator at Stormont .", "Maj Gen James Johnston was faced with 40,000 prisoners at the Bergen-Belsen camp and set up a hospital to treat for typhus , TB and starvation . son , Anthony Johnston , said : \" had to deal with people dying by the hundreds every day . \" The plaque was unveiled in Northiam , East Sussex where Gen Johnston lived . Born in Glasgow , moved to the village with family in 1973 . About 60 people , including members of Gen Johnston 's family , gathered for the unveiling at the pump house on the village green . Gen Johnston was commanding a mobile medical unit close to the German-Dutch border in April 1945 . was ordered to move unit to take charge of the sick and starving at Bergen-Belsen , had just been liberated by the British . Around 70,000 people had died at the camp in northern Germany . Mr Johnston said father had been reluctant to talk about World War Two experiences , due to modesty and wanting to block out such a traumatic event . \" were times in life when former inmates , had come across at the time , got in touch with and wanted to acknowledge ,\" Mr Johnston said . \" Other than that , did n't talk about . \" In an account is now in the Holocaust Museum in Washington , Gen Johnston wrote : \" Little did know that was about to be faced with the greatest test of career , with a situation would remain engraved on memory for the rest of days . \"[ ] would instil in a lasting abhorrence not only of those had perpetrated this crime on humanity , but also of those had condoned . \"", "The device was discovered on Foreglen Road on Wednesday morning following a telephone call to a local hospital . The road has reopened after a security alert in the area . The device was taken away for forensic examination . Det Insp Bob Blemmings said : \" appreciate that the alert caused traffic disruption and are grateful for the patience and support shown by the community and commuters . \"", "Parents and carers at Camau Bach in Aberystwyth were told someone trespassed into Green Room from the outside play area . said police had been told and were informing nearby schools . Camau Bach shut temporarily earlier this year after a boy was left unattended on a minibus for two hours . Dyfed-Powys Police and the charity Mudiad Meithrin , owns the nursery , have been asked to comment . The letter , signed by nursery manager Sioned Davies , said the individual did not come into contact with any children and ran away when confronted by a staff member . said , as an extra security precaution , the height of existing gates would be raised .", "Kingfisher is selling a 70 % stake in the business - has 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff - for \u00a3 140m . The company had already announced that was looking for a strategic partner to develop B & Q business in China . The transaction , is subject to approval by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce , is expected to be completed in the first half of 2015 . As well as B & Q , Kingfisher owns the Screwfix , Brico Depot and Castorama home improvement chains . also owns 50 % of the Koctas brand in Turkey . \" am delighted to have found a strong retail partner will help to release the financial value of business in China ,\" said group chief executive Veronique Laury . \" This will enable to focus financial resources and management talent on the large and attractive European home improvement market . \" Beijing-based Wumei Holdings operates about 650 supermarkets and 10 department stores in China , owning brands such as Wumart , Jingbei Shopping Mall , and Merrymart . Ms Laury recently took over from Ian Cheshire as chief executive .", "McKenzie , 38 , will take on Jahmaine Smyle at York Hall on 12 November for the English super-middleweight championship . The ex-Norwich and Peterborough man became a professional boxer in 2013 having quit football two years previously . has a record of eight wins and one draw from nine fights . McKenzie is the son of former British and European champion Clinton and is trained by uncle , former three-time world champion Duke McKenzie .", "The red-throated diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in a remote part of North Uist . The birds are on the RSPB 's amber list after a recent decline in numbers . Jamie Boyle , site manager of the RSPB 's Uist reserves , said plastic bags can kill birds if eat , or become entangled , in one . said : \" urge people to take great care in the way dispose of plastic bags or , indeed , any other rubbish , particularly balloons and Chinese lanterns . \" pose a direct threat to wildlife and is depressing to think that plastic bags are even reaching remote lochans in a place like North Uist . \" Mr Boyle added : \" Marine birds such as red-throated divers are particularly at risk both at sea and on breeding grounds where can mistake the bags for fish or mistakenly use for nesting material . \"", "A passer-by found the man , has not been named but was in 30s , off Promenade Street in Heywood at about 23:25 GMT on Thursday . was pronounced dead at the scene and officers are treating the death as suspicious . A post-mortem examination is due to take place and officers have asked for any witnesses to contact .", "Labour MP for Bassetlaw , John Mann , a Leave campaigner , said people voted to leave because of immigration , zero-hour contracts and job prospects and said a \" divide in Britain \" had been exposed . Mansfield voted most strongly to leave , with 70.9 % backing Brexit . Rushcliffe , includes the towns of West Bridgford and Bingham , was the only area to vote for Remain . saw the East Midland 's highest turnout . Meanwhile , the turnout in Nottingham was the fifth lowest in the UK at 61.8 % . Leave won by a tiny margin of just over 2,000 votes in the city . Mr Mann said party was \" somewhat out of touch \" . \" With the middle classes largely voting remain because see as benefiting and the working classes largely voting to leave because dis-benefits - that 's the divide in Britain ,\" said . Latest reaction and updates from Nottinghamshire Like large parts of England , Nottinghamshire overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union . The margin of victory in Bassetlaw , Ashfield and Mansfield was huge , with less than a third of people voting remain . Arguably the biggest surprise came in Nottingham , narrowly backed Brexit . Affluent Rushcliffe was the only area to vote Remain . Overall Nottinghamshire voted 57.9 % for Leave and 42.1 % for Remain . Conservative Anna Soubry , the MP for Broxtowe and a Remain campaigner , tweeted was \" a dreadful decision \" . \" People like were told 're scaremongering , do n't want to listen to the experts ,\" said . \" All has been unfortunately proved to be accurate . have made a very , very , very bad mistake . \" Labour MP for Nottingham North , Graham Allen , said David Cameron had \" gambled with Britain 's future \" by calling for a referendum , saying people voted to leave \" in protest \" at the current government . Turnout was 81.5 % in Rushcliffe - the highest in the East Midlands and the only council area to vote Remain . The vote was close elsewhere , including in Nottingham , where the split was 50.8 % Leave , 49.2 % Remain . Alice , a caller to BBC Radio Nottingham from the Carrington area of the city , said felt \" frightened of the future \" . \" potentially gives a mandate for a lot of prejudice against people have immigrated here , whether from the EU or elsewhere ,\" said .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 2000 Olympic super-heavyweight champion is backing fellow Briton Joshua to be too strong for American Charles Martin in Saturday 's IBF world heavyweight title fight in London . Harrison says \" all the cards are in Joshua 's favour \" , likening the 26-year-old to the ex-heavyweight champions . \" lives the life of an athlete ,\" Harrison , 44 , told BBC Radio 5 live . \" 's very fit , strong and committed . \" just think Anthony Joshua has got that George Foreman , Frank Bruno brutish strength - that ingredient is hard to hold off . \" Watch : Anthony Joshua , Beast Mode Martin has won 23 and drawn one of 24 fights and beat Vyacheslav Glazkov for the vacant IBF belt in January . Harrison has sparred with the 29-year-old American , calls a \" rugged , tall , big southpaw \" , but says Watford-born Joshua will have the British crowd behind on Saturday . \" Charles Martin will be gallant , brave and 's a great fight potentially \" said Harrison . \" But ca n't see keeping back the steam train is Anthony Joshua . \"", "Remains of a man aged between 30 and 49 , were found close to the M54 motorway in Shropshire , in August . West Mercia Police said two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a Kara , a Sikh symbol - were found inside a jacket was also uncovered . have been no matches with DNA profiles of missing people in England . The force said was still unable to ascertain the cause of death , but was keeping an open mind as to how the remains came to be at junction four of the M54 at Shifnal . is understood the remains lay undiscovered for up to three years . 2 - 3 Years the bones of a nearly complete skeleton belonging to a man had lain at the site , next to junction four of the M54 5 7 - 5 11 Height of the man 30 to 49 Years old at the time of death Detectives said could not rule out that \" may have been subjected to a crime \" . The man , was between 5ft 7ins and 5ft 11ins tall , was discovered by a highway worker at the bottom of an embankment . was wearing a black \" dare2be \" soft-shell outdoor jacket in a large size , a navy blue V-neck T-shirt from George at Asda and a pair of dark coloured , medium-size Nike tracksuit bottoms . Police said that specific type of T-shirt was first manufactured in November 2007 and first sold in March 2008 .", "The second tier is shaping up to be a hugely competitive league next term with Hearts , Hibernian and Rangers among the sides chasing promotion . And Houston is hoping new charges can grab fourth place , and a play-off berth , at least . \" 's remit that 'd love to try to get in the play-offs , that would be a huge achievement ,\" said Houston . The 55-year-old , had been working as a scout with Celtic after leaving Dundee United last year , is relishing the chance to take on Rangers , Hearts and Hibs . 's not always the big guys win games . 've been to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and won The Bairns reached the Championship play-off semi-final in season 2013-14 but were beaten by Hamilton Academical , eventually won promotion to the Premiership . \" The better chances are going to go to one of the big three clubs in the league , however , that 's on paper and football is not played on paper ,\" said Houston . \" 've got to make sure that the lads 've got , when come to face Rangers , Hearts and Hibs , 's a belief in . \" 's a great thing for the players at Falkirk to go to Ibrox , Tynecastle , Easter Road and pit against 's going to be a stronger squad . \" 's not always the big guys win games . 've been to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and won . \" A former Falkirk player , Houston won the 2010 Scottish Cup as Dundee United boss . And after succeeding Gary Holt , left the manager 's position at the Falkirk Stadium to join Neil Adams' coaching team at Norwich City , Houston said returning to the Bairns was an offer could not turn down . \" probably would n't have jumped at if had been any other club than Falkirk , as mean an awful lot to , \" Houston added . \" left here 18 years ago to go to Hearts as a youth coach and said in the local newspaper 'd like to go and learn the game then come back as manager . did n't think would be as long as 18 years but 'm delighted to be back . \" Houston , said eight month stint at Celtic had advanced as \" coach and a person \" , revealed is close to securing the services of a new player-coach for Falkirk . As well as four-year managerial spell at Tannadice , Houston was also assistant to Craig Levein when the latter was Scotland coach . The pair had previously worked together at Hearts , Leicester and Dundee United .", "was pulled from the water by the RNLI 's Penlee Inshore Lifeboat at about 13:35 BST on Sunday , Devon and Cornwall Police said . A crew member swam to the man and \" recovered \" after was found near the bow of an angling boat moored alongside Albert Pier , the RNLI said . The man , said to be local , was airlifted to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro and pronounced dead . Police said the man had been reported floating face-down in the water by a sailing club .", "Johnston 's goal put Kilcoo 1-6 to 0-6 up early in the second half and was always likely to prove decisive in such a low-scoring contest . Kilcoo 's lead was cut to a point but the Down champions moved three ahead again and then held on . Scotstown duo Francis Caulfield and sub Brian McGinnity were sent off late on . Caulfield was dismissed after getting a second yellow card while McGinnity saw red after appearing to strike impressive Kilcoo full-back Darragh O'Hanlon . The Monaghan champions , beaten by Crossmaglen after extra-time in last year 's provincial final , only had points from Darren Hughes and Donal Morgan to show for early domination as several other good chances were missed . Kilcoo hit back with five unanswered points after Aaron Branigan opened up account in the ninth minute . Conor Laverty 's typically busy display was crucial to Kilcoo 's improvement as Donal Kane , Paul Devlin ( two ) and Martin Devlin also notched points . After being held scoreless for almost 20 minutes , Scotstown found range again late in the first half as the lively Shane Carey pointed a free and keeper Rory Beggan also hit the target from a 45 after missing three earlier long-range efforts . Aidan Branigan 's departure at half-time looked a blow for Kilcoo but instead replacement Johnston went on to become the central personality in the match . The sides were level at 0-6 a piece when Johnston held nerve to produce a great finish past Beggan after Laverty had flicked on a long ball . After Shane Carey 's reply , Johnston looked to have palmed in a second Kilcoo goal but the effort was ruled out - harshly appeared - for a square ball . The controversial decision looked as though could be match-turning as another Carey point cut Kilcoo 's lead to the minimum but crucially Beggan and Carey then missed chances to get Scotstown on terms . Paul Devlin 's superb long-range point and an Aaron Morgan score , after more great work by Laverty , left Kilcoo three ahead with three minutes of normal time left and Carey 's seventh point was all Scotstown could summon in the remaining eight minutes of action . In addition to Johnston and Laverty , Niall Branigan and Darragh O'Hanlon were among Kilcoo 's stars as set up a meeting either Kilcar or Glenswilly on 30 October .", "Holland and Jenkins' compatriot Stanford pre-qualified for the team in 2015 , leaving one more place to fill . The likelihood is finishes first out of Jenkins , 31 , and Jody Stimpson in the World Triathlon race on Australia 's Gold Coast will be picked . \" would love to qualify for another Olympics and go to Rio ,\" said Jenkins . The two-time former World Champion finished third behind Stimpson in the opening round in Abu Dhabi on 5 March . \" was happy to come away with a third in Abu Dhabi ,\" Jenkins told BBC Wales Sport . \" 'd had a chest infection and came off antibiotics on the Monday and raced on the Saturday . \" The GB team will be announced before the Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon Leeds , 11-12 June . British Triathlon say the quality of the performance in Gold Coast will be taken into consideration as well as the finishing positions . The Welsh athlete would need to finish ahead of Stimpson and show Olympic medal-winning potential . Jenkins won the world title in 2008 and 2011 , and represented Team GB at two Olympic games . Media playback is not supported on this device \" 've been to Beijing and London ,\" said . \" Qualifying means a lot , but 's not going to kill if do n't go , 'm a lot more balanced coming in to this Olympic cycle . \" have a massive desire to go , but have balance in life so if do n't go have other things want to concentrate on . \" Jenkins has been in Australia for three weeks preparing for this weekend 's race . \" think fitness has come on really well since 've been here ,\" added . \" 've had a really decent , consistent block of training and got some more harder running done on the road , have n't really done up until this point . 'm feeling strong in all disciplines . \" makes a change for Jenkins has been plagued with injuries in recent seasons . \" 'm not going to lie , 's been a few times when 's nearly been and 've thought just ca n't do this any more . . . 's been tears ,\" said Jenkins . \" But 's always something keeps going . do n't know is - but is something keeps going . \" See Helen Jenkins' interview on Sport Wales , BBC Two Wales , 19:30 BST on Friday , 8 April .", "government has lasted just more than a year , with limited support from the main opposition party , Fianna F\u00e1il . Brexit and Northern Ireland 's political stalemate are among the challenges waiting for the new taoiseach . The leadership contest will begin on Thursday , with the new leader to be announced on 2 June after an electoral college of the parliamentary party . County councillors and party members will also have say . While the field may widen before 2 June , the early favourites for the post are Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar and Housing Minister Simon Coveney . Born in Dublin , the 38-year-old is the son of a Mumbai-born doctor and a mother from County Waterford . was privately educated and studied medicine at Trinity College in Dublin , qualifying as a GP before entering politics . was elected to parliament in 2007 as a representative for Dublin West and held the tourism and health portfolios before taking on current post last year . In an RT\u00c9 interview in 2015 , revealed that is gay , explaining that wanted to be clear on the matter ahead of the Irish referendum on same-sex marriage . \" just kind of want to be honest with people ,\" said . \" do n't want anyone to think that have a hidden agenda . \" Mr Varadkar has courted controversy by announcing that people convicted of welfare fraud will be \" named and shamed \" on a government website . In a recent speech reported by the Irish Independent , outlined attitude to Brexit , saying should be \" no economic border at all between north and south \" . The son of the former Fine Gael politician Hugh Coveney , the Cork-born 44-year-old has followed father 's footsteps to a seat in the D\u00e1il ( Irish parliament ) . As a teenager , was expelled from the exclusive Clongowes Wood boarding school for drinking and bunking off to attend a beach party . In a candid interview with RT\u00c9 , said had suffered from a stutter , and lived in the shadow of more promising brother , is now a successful businessman . went on to study management at the Royal Agricultural College in Gloucestershire , England , before election as the youngest member of the D\u00e1il in 1998 . was appointed as agriculture minister in 2011 and responsibility for defence was added to portfolio three years later . has made no secret of desire to lead party - when RT\u00c9 asked the question about intentions , said : \" am very ambitious , so the straight answer is yes , some day . \" But am personally very loyal to Enda and knows that . \"", "The 13-month-old was found with serious injuries at home in Barrow in December 2012 . A second inquest was ordered after a seven-minute hearing in 2014 determined Poppi 's death was \" unascertained \" . was due to be held in Kendal from 15 May and will be rescheduled for October while father seeks legal aid . Poppi Worthington death : Key dates David Roberts , senior coroner for Cumbria , said the adjournment followed a request by Poppi 's father , Paul Worthington , had been unable to secure legal aid in sufficient time . Mr Roberts said was \" of real importance for Mr Worthington to take part in the process and will be difficult for to do so in the absence of legal representation \" . added : \" is self-evident findings and conclusion at the inquest may ( depending upon are ) have significant ramifications for Mr Worthington . \" A family judge previously ruled the toddler had been sexually assaulted by father , has always denied any wrongdoing . No-one has been charged in connection with Poppi 's death . The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said had no \" realistic prospect \" of securing a conviction . The second inquest was initially suspended in September after the CPS carried out a review of the case , concluding was right not to bring any charges against Mr Worthington .", "The concept will be known as Vulcan , and is expected to start operations in 2019 . United Launch Alliance - the joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin - currently flies the Atlas and Delta rockets . These are routinely used to loft Nasa science probes , spy satellites and other US national security missions . In time , both vehicles will be retired as the new Vulcan components come on stream . The first element to be introduced will be the first-stage booster , will feature an all-new , all-American liquid-fuelled engine . This will enable ULA to end use of Russian-made RD-180 rocket motors \u2013 something Congress has mandated . Politicians on Capitol Hill dislike the fact that American national security missions are launched with the aid of Russian propulsion technology . ULA 's preference is to incorporate a liquid methane-oxygen power unit currently being developed by Blue Origin , the space company run by Amazon entrepreneur Jeff Bezos . When the new Vulcan booster makes debut , will initially be married to the current Centaur upper-stage of the Atlas . But early in the 2020s , this too will be replaced by a bespoke upper-stage should give the new rocket a performance allows to exceed even the Delta IV Heavy \u2013 the biggest , most powerful rocket in the world today , capable of putting upwards of 25 tonnes in a low-Earth orbit . Critically , though , the Vulcan will be substantially cheaper to build and operate . \" A Delta IV Heavy at today \u2019s launch rates costs about $ 400m , give or take , depending on the mission and complexity . fully expect the Next Generation Launch System to be less than half that ,\" said Tory Bruno , president and CEO of United Launch Alliance . Some cost savings will be made by recovering and reusing the engines on the first-stage booster following a flight . The idea is that after separation from the upper-stage , the engines would detach from the propellant tanks and fall back to Earth , deploying an inflatable shield to protect from burning up on re-entry into the atmosphere . Parachutes would then deploy and a helicopter would swoop in to pluck the engines out of the air and return safely to the ground for servicing and re-integration into a new booster . ULA will not say how much the Vulcan development programme is costing , but will run into the billions of dollars . ULA has to modernise , however . The priority status has enjoyed with government contracts is coming to an end , and is facing increasingly stiff competition \u2013 at home , from a bullish SpaceX company , low-cost rockets are winning favour with Nasa and commercial satellite operators ; and abroad , where Europe and Russia are both moving to new-generation rocket systems aim to reduce launch prices also .", "Steven Rodriguez , was better known as A $ AP Yams or Yamborghini , died aged 26 on 18 January at Brooklyn 's Woodhull Medical Centre . founded the US rap collective A $ AP Mob along with fellow New Yorkers A $ AP Bari and A $ AP Illz . Now the New York Times reports that death was caused by acute mixed drug intoxication . Opiates and benzodiazepines were found in system and was ruled an accident . After death artists paid tribute to on social media . Drake tweeted : \" Rest in peace Yams . A $ AP is family . \" Azealia Banks wrote : \" ASAP YAMS should be remembered as a leader , an innovator and most importantly as an important part of NYC youth culture . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Photos on the internet appear to show Diouf in a nightclub , just hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March . \" 've made some inquiries and 've asked about and denies was there ,\" Saunders told Radio Sheffield . \" 's still ongoing and want to get to the bottom of . 's something ca n't comprehend if is true . \" Rovers lost the match at St Mary 's 2-0 , with Diouf playing the full game , and are currently six points adrift of safety with six matches to play . Diouf has scored six goals in 22 games since joining the club in October .", "Stenson will play with Matt Fitzpatrick against Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka while Rose partners Chris Wood against Jimmy Walker and Zach Johnson . Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters take on Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler . Spanish duo Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello also stay together to take on Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth . Stenson and Rose played together twice on Friday at Hazeltine , and defeat in the opening foursomes match to Reed and Spieth was first as a Ryder Cup pairing . However , exacted revenge in the fourballs to hand the Americans first ever loss . McIlroy , lost to Mickelson and Fowler in Friday 's foursomes when paired with Andy Sullivan , also has the chance to avenge that defeat . The Northern Irishman is again paired with Pieters after convincingly won fourball match 3 & 2 . Europe captain Darren Clarke has also opted to keep Garcia and Cabrera-Bello together after similarly dominant 3 & 2 fourball victory on Friday . American captain Davis Love keeps faith with three of the foursomes pairings dominated the opening session . The only change is Snedeker and Koepka , won fourball match , coming in for Dustin Johnson and Matt Kuchar . The US won Friday 's foursomes 4-0 but Europe hit back in the fourballs , winning that session 3-1 .", "Rents for grade A offices have risen to \u00a3 15.50-per-sq ft over the past year , according to commercial agents . But are still well below the UK average of \u00a3 24 . is claimed that the prospect of a relatively low financial return is acting as a barrier to substantial build projects . In March , an Invest NI report said is a shortage of grade A space office in Belfast . Grade A offices are classed as new or refurbished buildings , in prime locations , with open-plan layouts . Ian Duddy of Colliers International in Belfast said : \" The shortage of grade A space in Belfast has led a number of major occupiers to develop own headquarter buildings . \" Further rental growth in the grade A market is necessary to encourage new development in the city . \" Office development has slowed since the 2008 property market crash . Loans of public money could soon be made available to property developers to help build offices , after a recent report for Invest NI described supply as \" extremely limited \" . Invest is exploring whether to advance loans as \" a short-term intervention \" .", "The helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person in the Daventry area . carried on with mission while a police car was dispatched to investigate the laser . Officers were unable to find out was responsible . Pilot Paul Atherton said was \" very distracting \" . Live updates on this story and other news from Northamptonshire said : \" On the police helicopter , 'm the only pilot . \" If get hit in the eye and 'm blinded , 's going to fly the aircraft ? People on the ground do n't realise how serious this is . \" The National Police Air Service ( NPAS ) said Mr Atherton saw two flashes of light from the laser at about 23:00 BST on Friday . The NPAS reported 35 laser incidents on aircraft in 2014 and 91 in 2015 . was a total of 1,400 attacks on aircraft reported to the Civil Aviation Authority last year . People have been jailed in the past for pointing lasers at aircraft in the sky , but the devices remain legal . Pat Lawrence , a spokesman for the British Airline Pilots Association ( Balpa ) , said regulations need to change . said : \" 's no restriction on the imports of these very powerful lasers . \"", "The artificial intelligence system - LipNet - watches video of a person speaking and matches the text to the movement of mouths with 93 % accuracy , the researchers said . Automating the process could help millions , suggested . But experts said the system needed to be tested in real-life situations . Lip-reading is a notoriously tricky business with professionals only able to decipher someone is saying up to 60 % of the time . \" Machine lip-readers have enormous potential , with applications in improved hearing aids , silent dictation in public spaces , covert conversations , speech recognition in noisy environments , biometric identification and silent-movie processing ,\" wrote the researchers . said that the AI system was provided with whole sentences so that could teach letter corresponded to lip movement . To train the AI , the team - from Oxford University 's AI lab - fed nearly 29,000 videos , labelled with the correct text . Each video was three seconds long and followed a similar grammatical pattern . While human testers given similar videos had an error rate of 47.7 % , the AI had one of just 6.6 % . The fact that the AI learned from specialist training videos led some on Twitter to criticise the research . Writing in OpenReview , Neil Lawrence pointed out that the videos had \" limited vocabulary and a single syntax grammar \" . \" While 's promising to perform well on this data , 's not really groundbreaking . While the model may be able to read lips better than a human , can only do so when say a meaningless list of words from a highly constrained vocabulary in a specific order ,\" writes . The project was partially funded by Google 's artificial intelligence firm DeepMind .", "That the UK is still ' bold ' but ' dependable ' , ' outward looking ' and a bastion of free trade . has done that in private sessions with several leaders and a press conference with President Obama . But very frank words from the United States , Japan and Donald Tusk , the President of the European Council , will steal plenty of the headlines instead . Remember was an advocate , albeit a pretty quiet one , of staying in the EU in the first place , with the economy one of main concerns . So Downing Street says has n't been surprised by the warnings about the future . And perhaps dealing with public expressions of sentiments have been already expressed in private is n't really the problem . Perhaps the real difficulty for the now not so new prime minister is that the biggest demands on abroad are the same as those at home . Other countries want more details of plans for Britain 's life after the EU . But with no consensus , or anything like the details of post-Brexit Britain from government , is n't that much that can really tell . The political danger of such a relatively blank page is that others will fill the space .", "England won by six wickets after a Pakistan batting collapse featuring three run-outs in Sharjah on Tuesday . The Daily Mail reported that the match was the subject of an investigation into suspicious betting patterns . \" was nothing wrong with that game . have no doubts about boys ,\" said former bowler Waqar . The ICC declined to confirm or deny that was investigating the game . Pakistan collapsed from 132-2 to 208 all out before England triumphed with nine overs to spare . Waqar said : \" Yes , lost the game . lose and win games , and 's unfortunate the way the whole thing happened . \" ICC chief executive David Richardson told BBC Test Match Special : \" would n't be suspicious of that game . \" said Pakistan had reported approaches from bookmakers in recent times .", "Google confirmed the plan to the BBC 's Newsround programme , saying wanted to focus on \" formats work well for both users and advertisers \" . Long unskippable adverts are seen as a nuisance by many viewers , and Google has introduced shorter formats . One media agency said the move reflected the difference between online video and linear television services . \" The 30-second ad is a legacy from TV times ,\" said Will Smyth , head of media at the Agenda21 agency . \" 's a standard TV unit has been put online , but 's not the most effective way to advertise . \" This will encourage advertisers to be more creative about the way use the platform . \" Many other websites , including the BBC 's international offer , feature unskippable 30-second ads on video content . \" Demand from advertisers for video content is high , but 's a shortage of quality content ,\" said Mr Smyth . \" 's good business for everyone to focus on ' skippables' - people are n't forced to sit through ads , and advertisers do n't need to pay if ad is skipped . \"", "Hull City 's Chester , Dummett of Newcastle United and Celtic 's Matthews missed March 's 3-0 win in Israel because of injuries . Andy King returns after serving a two-match ban but injuries rule out James Collins and Ben Davies . Blackburn defender Adam Henley is also in the 23-man squad . Goalkeeper Danny Ward of Liverpool , Owain Fon Williams - recently released by Tranmere - and Leicester City striker Tom Lawrence are the other uncapped players included . The squad will meet up for a training camp in Cardiff on Monday 1 June for five days before the match squad reconvene on Monday 8 June . West Brom striker Tyler Roberts , Liverpool winger Harry Wilson , Cardiff full-back Declan John and Everton defender Gethin Jones have been called up to train with the squad that week . Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale is set to win 50th cap at Cardiff City Stadium while Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey , the other goal scorer in the victory in Israel , is also in Chris Coleman 's squad . Leicester City midfielder King is back after a a two-match suspension following red card in the qualifier against Cyprus last October . Wales are currently second in Euro 2016 qualifying group B , behind Belgium on goal difference . Tottenham left-back Davies has been ruled out after having surgery on a dislocated shoulder while West Ham United centre-half Collins is absent because of a calf injury . Collins started against Israel in place of Chester , missed the game after suffering a shoulder injury . Crystal Palace 's Jonny Williams and George Williams of Fulham are also missing because of injuries . Belgium and Wales are both unbeaten after playing five of 10 Group B games , and the match at Cardiff City Stadium has already sold out . Coleman 's Wales drew 0-0 with the 2014 World Cup quarter-finalists in Brussels in November . Hennessey ( Crystal Palace ) , Fon Williams ( Tranmere ) , Ward ( Liverpool ) , Williams ( Swansea City - captain ) , Chester ( Hull City ) , Gunter ( Reading ) , Taylor ( Swansea City ) , Dummett ( Newcastle ) , Matthews ( Celtic ) , Richards ( Swansea City ) , Henley ( Blackburn Rovers ) , Allen ( Liverpool ) , Ledley ( Crystal Palace ) , Ramsey ( Arsenal ) , King ( Leicester City ) , Vaughan ( Nottingham Forest ) , MacDonald ( Bournemouth ) , Cotterill ( Birmingham City ) , Robson-Kanu ( Reading ) , Lawrence ( Leicester City ) , Bale ( Real Madrid ) , Church ( Charlton Athletic ) , Vokes ( Burnley ) .", "A barrister for Christian-run County Antrim firm Ashers said if lost the discrimination case would be wide-reaching consequences for shop owners . said would mean a Muslim printer could not refuse to print a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad . The case in Belfast was taken by gay rights activist , Gareth Lee . placed the order for the cake with Ashers . No indication has been given when the judgement will be issued . The barrister for Mr Lee told the County Court in Belfast that businesses needed to make clear in advance would and would not do . said Ashers had nothing in terms and conditions to prevent baking the cake Mr Lee ordered . Earlier , the role of the Equality Commission in the case was defended in court . The commission has set aside a fund of up to \u00c2 \u00a3 40,000 to pay for legal costs in the case . has been criticised in recent months by a number of unionist politicians over the decision to take the case . A barrister for Mr Lee said the Commission was the \" guardian \" of anti-discrimination laws . said was duty-bound to defend . \" The Equality Commission has statutory duties to uphold the law ,\" the lawyer added . defended the fact that an out-of-court settlement was not reached . \" ( the Commission ) can never be allowed to compromise on believes is the law ,\" said . The total cost of the case has yet to be determined . Last week , before the case began , an Equality Commission spokesperson said : \" can confirm that \u00c2 \u00a3 8,586.60 has been spent on this case to date . \" The final costs will be not known until the case is concluded . \" Outside the court on Monday , Daniel McArthur , general manager of Ashers , said were grateful that the case had now concluded . \" are very thankful to all those have supported ,\" said . \" has been a stressful time for family but most of all are thankful God has sustained through all and now await the verdict and the outcome from the judge . \"", "Patrick Joseph Connors said Michael Hughes was allowed to eat with the family and use swimming pool . Mr Connors , 59 , Patrick Dean Connors , 39 , William Connors , 36 , and Lee Carbis , 34 , deny several offences . are accused of forcing Mr Hughes , 46 , and another man - referred to as Mr K - to work for tiny sums . Mr Connors senior described how had met Michael Hughes when was 18 , and offered work . said Mr Hughes , originally from Aberdeen , had stayed in daughter 's bedroom , then moved to a converted garage with a shower . The court heard that Mr Hughes was paid \u00a3 20 a day , went up to \u00a3 50 as became a more skilled labourer . Mr Connors senior described how Mr Hughes used to buy sweets for the youngest of children , called brother . denied assaulting Mr Hughes during the time was working with . The court has previously heard evidence from the alleged victims that were only paid \u00a3 10 per day or less , sometimes in the form of alcohol or tobacco , were beaten or threatened if did not do as were told and were hunted down if tried to get away . All four defendants deny one count of requiring another person to perform forced or compulsory labour between 2010 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors , of Rumney , Cardiff , has also pleaded not guilty to eight counts of causing actual bodily harm , four of kidnap and one of conspiracy to kidnap . Elder son Patrick Dean Connors , of Rumney , denies kidnapping and conspiracy to kidnap . William Connors , also of Rumney , has pleaded not guilty to causing actual bodily harm on a man between 2009 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors' son-in-law Carbis , of Trowbridge , also denies one count of kidnap between 2001 and 2002 . The trial continues .", "Police said Kinga Pelc from the east Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday . A man in 20s remains in a critical condition in hospital following the incident . happened on the Annadale Embankment at about 15:00 BST on Friday . Two other people were taken to hospital for treatment to injuries after the crash . injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .", "The World Rugby Hall of Fame was launched by ex-England and British and Irish Lions captain Bill Beaumont at Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire . World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were among 12 stars inducted in to the \" hall \" . Members of the public will be able to visit from Friday . The World Rugby Hall of Fame was established in 2006 , and absorbed the International Rugby Hall of Fame in 2014 , but has previously never had a physical home . The attraction , honours players and administrators have enhanced the game through exceptional achievements , features video archive of rugby matches and memorabilia . The 10 other players inducted in the Hall of Fame were England 's Jeremy Guscott and Maggie Alphonsi , Wale 's Shane Williams , John Dawes and Arthur Gould , Scotland 's GPS Macpherson , Ireland 's Brian O'Driscoll , Japan 's Daisuke Ohata , Canada 's Heather Moyes and Australia 's Daniel Carroll . Players , teams , coaches , media and rugby personalities can all be considered for the hall of fame but need to have been retired from the game for at least three years and have demonstrated rugby 's \" core values \" to be eligible , The sport of rugby is said to have been accidentally invented in 1823 after William Webb Ellis , a pupil at a public school in Rugby , caught the ball and started running forward with .", "Lt Col Lucy Giles , 46 , will be at the helm at New College to help prepare young British Army officers for chosen regiments . said : \" have to pinch really , because 's an enormous privilege to be in this unique position . \" The academy was founded in 1947 after two older military institutions merged . Lt Col Giles from Wincanton , Somerset , will oversee the academic programme and the physical training aspects of the intermediate and senior terms of the course . The married mother-of-two said : \" 's interesting to see people 's reactions in this traditionally male environment . 'm a mother and wife of a soldier , so am bound by juggling those domestic considerations as well as delivering a day job , so to speak . \" said would \" lead by example \" and encourage permanent staff to \" try and make time for families \" . During 24-year career Lt Col Giles has led soldiers on operations and deployments in Bosnia , Iraq , Afghanistan , Sierra Leone , East Timor , South Africa and Northern Ireland spent two years as the first female Officer Commanding at 47 Air Dispatch Squadron . said : \" like to think was boarded for this appointment because had the right key skills , knowledge , and experience to be able to do this effectively , as opposed to being here because 'm female . \" Although , recognise that being in this position means may come across as a role model for future female officers . \" Famous royals to have trained at Sandhurst include Princes William and Harry .", "Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough was targeted on Tuesday by men carrying were thought to be axes . No-one was injured , and police have not released any details of was taken . In November , watches , and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen during a raid at the store 's branch in Yarm . A 24-year-old man from Manchester was arrested on 8 January in connection with that robbery and later bailed pending further inquiries . Temporary Det Ch Insp John Ward said : \" are clearly similarities between [ yesterday 's ] robbery and the one took place in Yarm in November and numerous lines of inquiry are being pursued in both cases . \" Officers would like to speak to anyone may have seen , or have knowledge of , a silver Citroen C Crosser motor vehicle bearing the registration plates MK60 XCD . \" believe this vehicle was involved in the [ Middlesbrough ] robbery and was later discovered abandoned in the car park next to Leader timber merchants on Newport Road , Middlesbrough . \" would also appeal to local hoteliers and to those run local bed and breakfast venues to alert should have had any guests may have raised suspicions over recent days and may have spoken with a North West accent . \"", "The pair shared a partnership of 187 after Nick Compton and Stevie Eskinazi fell in quick succession . Stirling 's century was first in a Championship match and made 111 before falling lbw to Adil Rashid . Robson was dropped on 31 by Jack Brooks and was still there on 152 not out at the close , with Middlesex 337-4 . Yorkshire went into the game second in the Division One table , just six points behind leaders Essex , with Middlesex down in sixth place and minus Dawid Malan , Nick Gubbins and Tom Helm , are all on international duty . The home side , won the title by beating Yorkshire in the corresponding match last season , opted to bat first after winning the toss and Compton put on 64 for the first wicket with Robson before a thin edge to the keeper off Steve Patterson saw depart for 22 . Eskinazi was bowled by Brooks five overs later , but the Yorkshire paceman had crucially been unable to hold onto a low caught-and-bowled chance offered by Robson . The opener was first to three figures following the tea interval , and although Stirling departed when missed an attempted pull to a ball kept slightly low and James Franklin was bowled by Ryan Sidebottom , passed 150 with a boundary off Rashid - the 18th of innings - in the final over of play . Middlesex batsman Paul Stirling told BBC Radio London : \" 's about time did this and also about time started to score more consistently . That said , do n't want to take away natural instinct to play attacking cricket . That 's the balance have to find . \" skipper James Franklin has given freedom to go in and play at the same sort of tempo as would in one-day cricket and transfer that into the red-ball game . \" When the pitches are as flat as have been at Lord 's 's a little easier to do that and 'm glad came off . \" Yorkshire head coach Martyn Moxon told BBC Radio Leeds : \" 's been a tough day , with the weather and a pitch 's pretty benign . The lads stuck to task really well . \" A few nicks fell short and some very close lbw decisions did n't go out way . was a frustrating day , but ca n't fault the lads for efforts . \" started this game trying to win and will pick up by making sure do n't lose . \"", "The incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge on Dumbarton Road , near the junction with Cable Depot Road , at about 22:00 on Saturday 10 September . Both boys were described as being white , aged about 14 or 15 and wearing dark-coloured sportswear . One of had brown hair in a quiff . The woman was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment and later reported the incident to police . Det Sgt Kevin Mulvenna , of Police Scotland , said : \" This was a completely unprovoked and senseless attack on this woman , has left blind in one eye . The youths responsible must be caught as soon as possible . \" To point a laser pen at someone is highly irresponsible . Extensive inquiries are ongoing to trace the two boys , with officers carrying out inquiries in the local area and studying CCTV footage to identify . \" asked anyone with information to contact police .", "Alex Robinson was drowned in the bath two days before Christmas at home . Stewart Greene , 65 , of Grimoldby , Lincolnshire , said drowned Alex Robinson in a bath but denies murder . Dr Philip Joseph told the jury : \" In over 30 years , this is one of the most callous killings or murders have been involved with . \" Alex was in Mr Greene 's care at home while mother - the defendant 's daughter - was out last December . Giving evidence at Lincoln Crown Court , Dr Joseph said diagnosis of Mr Greene was that had a psychopathic personality disorder , characterised by a \" callous unconcern for the feelings of others \" and an \" incapacity to experience guilt \" . said Mr Greene would exaggerate symptoms and engage in manipulative behaviour to get into hospital . But despite mental condition , Dr Joseph - has dealt with more than 800 homicide cases - said Mr Greene understood was doing and that ability to form a rational judgement was not impaired . told jurors : \" Although judgement was abhorrent , immoral and illegal , was rational . When asked if was surprised Mr Greene had killed Alex , replied : \" Yes - am surprised . \" Earlier in the trial , Timothy Spencer QC , defending , asked Mr Greene whether had drowned grandson , to replied : \" drowned in the bath , yes . \" told the court drowned Alex because was angry with the nine-year-old 's mother . The trial continues .", "McAnuff , 31 , joined the Royals in 2009 and has made 172 appearances since arrival from Watford . began career at Wimbledon in 2001 and having played for West Ham , Cardiff and Crystal Palace , McAnuff is keen to finish at the Madejski Stadium . \" From point of view of course would ,\" McAnuff told BBC Radio Berkshire . The squad is so strong have competition in every position and is something have to get on with and deal with \" 've been on record numerous time saying how much 've enjoyed time here and some of best moments as a professional have been with this club . \" But 's not decision . All can do is do as well as can on the pitch , is not solely down to . \" McAnuff , captained Reading in the Premier League last season , was on the substitutes' bench for Championship opener against Ipswich but started at Bolton last weekend . Despite being disappointed at missing out on on a starting spot on the first day of the season , McAnuff is confident can be a regular in the team . \" In pre-season come in and work hard and is all geared up for that first game ,\" added . \" So 's disappointing ( not being selected ) but that is football . The squad is so strong have competition in every position and is something have to get on with and deal with . \" The manager makes a point of saying bears no meaning on the season , is just a team to get the job done , and as get older see the bigger picture and for this year is going to be about every single player . \" is healthy ( to have competition ) , do n't think any player should be guaranteed a place . \"", "The building is to be developed on a site between Longman Road and Burnett Road to the north of Burnett Road Police Station . The new centre would allow the courts service to move out of historic Inverness Castle . The Scottish government is to fund the construction of the new two-storey Inverness Justice Centre . The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service has proposed that the centre has six courtrooms . would also have facilities available for supporting and advising victims and witnesses of domestic abuse , sexual violence and provide \" an environment for problem solving approaches \" to help reduce re-offending and child abuse . Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has said the centre would be an important development for the city and the wider Highlands area .", "The Bluebirds are seven points adrift of the Championship play-off places and have been placed under a transfer embargo . Slade has insisted is still the man to lead the club but Dalman says position is under scrutiny . \" knows the pressures ; 's done this job before ,\" Dalman said . \" Russell knows the score . talk to on a regular basis and knows 's ahead . \" has been here for a while with and of course position comes under scrutiny , always has been . To say never has been would not be true . \" The jury 's out on every single one of every time have to deliver something . \" Cardiff have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League following a breach of Financial Fair Play rules . The Bluebirds have become the fourth Championship club currently under a transfer embargo , joining Bolton , Fulham and Nottingham Forest . The embargo will be in place for the rest of the January transfer window . Slade confirmed had spoken with club owner Vincent Tan but said would be no talks over a new contract for this month . The former Leyton Orient manager says Tan is still as committed as ever to the club and denied suggestions the Malaysian 's scaling-back of club finances showed a lack of backing . \" see bigger clubs building castles and thinking the investment put in will give a great chance , but does n't guarantee ,\" Slade said . \" 've got to cut cloth accordingly . are rules in place . \" Slade continued : \" ca n't just go spending \u00a3 5m here or there . do will have to be under financial constraints . \"", "Next was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-booster . The court ruled Next diverted UK profits to foreign subsidiaries to claim tax relief on overseas profits . Such schemes are a way in firms avoid corporation tax on foreign profits are then paid back to the UK parent firm . Under rules designed to prevent double taxation of company profits , firms were able to claim credit for tax paid on money made overseas . But some companies were able to exploit the rules through the creation of artificial arrangements involving HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) referred to as \" complex circular movements of money between companies in the same group , so can claim has been double taxation \" . Known as rate-booster schemes , this enabled companies to avoid corporation tax by diverting profits made in the UK to foreign subsidiaries . The foreign subsidiary then paid tax on those profits - often at a lower rate of corporation tax - before the profits were paid back to the UK parent company . Finally , the UK parent company received credits from HMRC for the tax already paid by subsidiary . As a result , companies were able to claim far more tax had been paid on overseas profits than was actually the case . Legal changes in 2005 and 2009 mean rate-booster schemes are no longer possible or attractive , HMRC added . The Next case is the second to reach court , following a 2013 ruling against P & O Ferries , although the firm appealed against the decision and an appeal judgement is outstanding . HMRC said about \u00a3 130m in tax was at stake across 20 rate-booster cases , were awaiting the P & O and Next decisions . About 70 rate-boosters have already been conceded by companies wanted to avoid going to court . This has brought in more than \u00a3 500m in tax , added . HMRC 's director general of business tax , Jim Harra , said : \" This case shows how HMRC takes effective action against big businesses try to avoid paying tax through convoluted , artificial avoidance schemes . HMRC expects all businesses to steer well clear of such schemes . \" In a statement , Next said had paid the tax owed to HMRC \" some years ago \" and that this had been fully accounted for at the time . The retailer described the dispute between and HMRC as \" a technical debate around complex legislation \" had now been superseded . added that current UK law generally allowed companies to \" repatriate profits without a tax charge \" .", "The \" bemusement park \" at a derelict seaside lido in Weston-super-Mare attracted thousands of visitors when opened last summer . Other awards nominees include electronica band Years and Years and the BBC Two adaptation of Wolf Hall . The winners will be announced at a ceremony , hosted by Lord Melvyn Bragg , at London 's Savoy Hotel on 5 June . Now celebrating 20th anniversary , the awards honour \" the very best of British culture and achievement \" . Banksy competes in the visual art category against Cornelia Parker for Magna Carta ( An Embroidery ) at The British Library and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye : Verses After Dusk at the Serpentine Gallery . Historical drama Wolf Hall is joined in the TV drama category alongside Channel 4 's Humans and Doctor Foster ( BBC One ) . In the pop category , Benjamin Clementine , Years and Years , and Sleaford Mods go head to head . The film category features Ex Machina , 45 Years and Brooklyn , while the theatre contenders are Oresteia , People , Places and Things and Hangmen . Lord Bragg said the South Bank Sky Arts Awards were a \" freeze-frame on a unique moment in British cultural history \" . added : \" This is the 20th of these annual awards and a ripple through the records shows an extraordinary tapestry of talent , ever-changing but always the same in high quality . \" 2016 FULL LIST OF NOMINEES", "Last year , David Smith , 37 , of Aviemore , had surgery to remove the tumour close to spine . told BBC Radio Scotland that the MRI scan was shown earlier this week was the first scan since 2013 not to show a tumour . Smith said was better than winning gold at the London Paralympics in 2012 . The athlete won the medal in rowing . Following that success has been training to compete in cycling . However , the tumour had affected that pursuit and even risked crushing spine and stopping from breathing . Smith said had been dreading the results of latest MRI scan , fearing would still show the tumour . said : \" almost passed out . thought was going to be sick and did n't even want to look at the scan . \" After being shown the scan the athlete said went through a \" rollercoaster of emotions \" . said : \" took two or three hours for to sink in . When did sink in was on the train home and just started crying . \"", "Honda Racing team bosses have confirmed that Martin 's highly anticipated return to the event is not to be . Martin crashed at the Isle of Man TT in June while the Honda machine has suffered mechanical problems this year . \" Naturally 'm disappointed but 's not surprising given the difficulties the team has experienced ,\" said UGP clerk of the course Noel Johnston . added : \" had hoped for a different outcome as Guy is obviously a big fan favourite , and 's never made any secret in the past of love for the circuit , after all is the international where 's had the most success over the years . \" 'm sure the decision has n't been taken lightly by or the team and wish Guy well , the next step in career may be . \" Putting this news aside , 'm very happy with the strength of this year 's entry . 've seen some incredible performances this season from the likes of Peter Hickman , Michael Dunlop and Dean Harrison in particular , and 've no doubt will bring the same spectacular form to Dundrod . \" Everyone will be there trying to end season on a high , and the field is wide open - think could see a few dark horses in the mix and ready to make mark at the world 's fastest road race . \"", "The price fell below 4.8 euros in early trading , before recovering to above 5 euros by late afternoon . Carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions , as companies have to pay to emit C02 . A sharp drop in demand for energy has led to a massive oversupply of permits . Critics of the EU 's Emissions Trading System also argue that the European Union issued too many permits in the first place . The EU has proposed freezing up to 900 million permits to tackle this oversupply . \" are too many permits because of the recession ,\" said Isaac Valero , spokesman for EU Climate Commissioner Connie Hedegaard . The price of carbon recovered slightly on Monday after demand for an auction of 3.5 million permits was stronger than expected . A weak carbon price undermines efforts to reduce C02 emissions . The price of carbon needs to be a good deal higher than 5 euros - some believe between 25 and 30 euros - to provide an adequate incentive for companies to cut emissions and invest in cleaner technologies , experts say . The carbon market is central to Europe 's efforts to meet climate change target of a 20 % reduction in C02 emissions from 1990 levels by 2020 .", "The contractor , Smartty 's Management Limited , has been asked to return the excess payment , the government said . On Wednesday , Transport Minister Dzifa Attivor resigned following a public outcry over the deal . Ghana is struggling with a large budget deficit and a widening public debt . The branding involved respraying the 116 imported passenger buses and adding portraits of the current President John Mahama , three immediate predecessors and Ghana 's first head of state , Kwame Nkrumah . A proper procurement method was \" not followed and the contract did not ensure value for money ,\" the government said after a review by Attorney General Marietta Brew Appiah-Opong . Opposition and anti-corruption campaigners have raised concerns over the amount spent , said was far too much , forcing the presidency to set up an investigation . The BBC 's Sammy Darko in the capital , Accra , says many people think the government is not doing enough to tackle budget mismanagement . want to see people being charged for causing financial loss to the state , adds . Mrs Attivor 's resignation is the first by a Ghanaian minister in more than a decade and comes amid efforts by the government to cut spending as implements a three-year International Monetary Fund plan to restore fiscal stability . Earlier this week , Mr Mahama banned public officials , including ministers , from first class air travel and suspended non-essential trips .", "The raids came a day after emerged a Frenchman was being held by police investigating the murder of three people at the Brussels Jewish Museum . Mehdi Nemmouche , 29 , was arrested at a station in Marseille on Friday . Prosecutors say has claimed responsibility for the attack and spent more than a year in Syria . Interior Minister Bernard Cazaneuve told Europe 1 radio on Monday : \" are people recruit jihadists . are as 'm speaking arrests being made . \" \" are acting everywhere . will be no respite in the fight against terrorists . \" is no suggestion of a link between the four arrests on Monday and the detention of Mr Nemmouche during a random check on a coach arriving from Amsterdam in southern France on Friday . But Mr Nemmouche is said to have had links with radical Islamists and served five years in jail in France for robbery before being released in December 2012 . When was arrested , had with a Kalashnikov rifle and a handgun believed to have been used in the attack , the Paris prosecutor said . was also said to have had a white sheet emblazoned with the name of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , a jihadist group fighting in Syria , and a camera with a 40-second video showing the two guns and a voice recording , claiming responsibility for the killings . Speaking on French radio station RTL on Monday , the head of French Jewish association CRIF , Roger Cukierman , called for more resources to be given to the foreign intelligence service , the DGSE , to track militants returning to France from Syria . feared \" would become 700 time bombs when return \" , referring to the estimated number of French-born jihadists in Syria . Belgium has requested Mr Nemmouche 's extradition from France and police have to decide whether to extend detention until Thursday . Three people died when a gunman opened fire at the museum in the busy Sablon area of the Belgian capital on 24 May. were an Israeli couple in 50s , and a French female volunteer . A Belgian man , believed to be an employee of the museum , was critically injured .", "John McIlwaine , grew up in Portadown , County Armagh , but worked at the University of Bradford . died at the age of 49 on Tuesday night . was in charge of the team recovered the remains of Danny McIlhone in 2008 and Charlie Armstrong in 2010 . Mr Armstrong 's daughter Anna McShane recognised dedication . \" remember as an awfully nice man was so good to family . worked tirelessly in the most dreadful conditions to find father ,\" said . \" May rest in peace . \" Mr McIlwaine had previously described as a \" privilege \" to lead searches for the Disappeared and said success had far outstripped predictions at the start of the process . Geoff Knupfer , the chief forensic scientist and investigator with the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains ( ICLVR ) , said : \" John began work with the ICLVR in 2006 and with great knowledge and experience made a huge contribution to work . \" Searching for the Disappeared in bleak and inhospitable places requires a special kind of dedication and commitment as well as great skill and that is John had in abundance . \" Seventeen people - 16 men and a woman - were abducted and murdered by republicans between 1972 and 2003 . The ICLVR was established in 1999 to obtain information in strictest confidence may lead to the location of the remains of the Disappeared . The bodies of 10 people have been recovered . Sandra Peake , from the Wave Trauma Centre , has supported the families of the Disappeared since 1995 , said : \" John had a way of humanising the science helped families understand more clearly was being done to find loved ones . \" was a bond between John and the families and that is reflected today in the number of have contacted Wave to express shock and sorrow . \" A spokesman for the University of Bradford said staff and students had been left shocked by the tragedy . \" John was an incredibly motivated , loyal and reliable individual ,\" said . \" inspired and supported hundreds of students in archaeological sciences , supported the local community in West Yorkshire in so many ways and achieved a life 's ambition in helping to ameliorate the pain and suffering of families of the Disappeared . \" This is a very sad time for staff and students at the University of Bradford , both present and past . \"", "Energy firm Island Gas Limited ( IGas ) wants to carry out test drilling on Springs Road , in Misson , Bassetlaw . Campaign group Bassetlaw Against Fracking said the drilling operation would be \" devastating \" for wildlife . Nottinghamshire County Council said the application did not include proposals for hydraulic fracturing - better known as fracking . IGas has applied to carry out test drilling to check the suitability of the rock for shale gas extraction , through fracking . A separate application would have to be made to carry out fracking . IGas plans to develop one vertical exploratory shale gas well , drilling for about 14 weeks , and possibly a second horizontal well , drilling for about 19 weeks . During drilling , operations would take place 24 hours a day . The authority said at the project 's peak would be an average of 18 heavy goods vehicles and 10 light vehicles visiting the site each day . David Larder , campaign group chairman , said : \" object to the 24 hour a day drilling for several months . The noise of this operation and the vibration will have a devastating effect upon the wildlife . \" Sally Gill , planning manager for the county council , said : \" If permission is granted , the test drilling would allow IGas to evaluate the potential resource of shale gas trapped beneath the surface . \" Depending on the results of the test drilling , IGas may , or may not , seek permission to extract the shale gas using fracking , but that would require a separate planning application would be subject to further consultation . \" Before this stage of the exploration process , the company is required to monitor methane levels in groundwater for 12 months . A separate application has been submitted , is yet to be considered .", "Officials say the photo of Ms Badu in The Star newspaper was \" an insult to Islam \" . The paper has apologised . The Grammy-award winner was due to perform on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur and is said to be dismayed at the news . Muslim-majority Malaysia has previously warned other international artists to dress modestly for concerts . Tattoos are forbidden in Islam and using the word \" Allah \" in a way deemed disrespectful offends many Muslims . The photo of Ms Badu with several words in Arabic and Hebrew written on body features prominently on official fan site . is not clear whether Ms Badu 's body art is permanent . The Culture , Arts and Heritage Ministry says was not aware of the tattoos when initially approved the concert , the BBC 's Jennifer Pak in Kuala Lumpur reports . Some Muslims began protesting after The Star published the photo . Now the culture ministry says is justified in banning Ms Badu 's concert because breaches religious sensitivities and cultural values . Information Minister Rais Yatim said a government committee had decided to cancel the show because Ms Badu 's body art was \" an insult to Islam and a very serious offence \" . According to the statement , the body art \" triggered public criticism could jeopardise national security and cause a negative impact to the government 's image \" . Concert organisers are in touch with officials and hope the cancellation will be reversed , the Associated Press news agency reports . Ms Badu , 41 , had already arrived in Malaysia . is \" worried and dismayed \" over the incident , according to the concert organiser . The Home Ministry has asked The Star to explain why published the photo . The Star has already apologised , saying inclusion in Monday 's edition was \" inadvertent \" . \" deeply regret any offence caused to Muslims and sincerely apologise for the oversight ,\" the paper said on Tuesday .", "The Kemp 's ridley turtle was one of two found on beaches near Formby , Merseyside , and Cumbria 's Walney Island on 22 December . The reptile found in Merseyside died soon after , but the other was being looked after at the Lake District Coast Aquarium in Maryport . Aquarium owner Mark Vollers said had struggled to feed . The turtles were believed to be from the Gulf of Mexico 5,000 miles ( 8,000 km ) away and were among a small number washed up on British and European shores last month . Mr Vollers told BBC Cumbria : \" thought had a 50 / 50 chance , would 've improved if had started feeding . \" was getting some sustenance in other ways but not really enough to recover . \" were following a strict agreed protocol arrived at after consultation with vets here and in other countries - people have experience of this species of turtle . \" The turtle , possibly aged about 20 , is now with a specialist vet will determine the cause of death . Source : World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF )", "Tomkins joins the Super League champions with immediate effect for an undisclosed fee , signing a contract until the end of 2018 . was presented to the crowd during the half-time interval of Wigan 's 48-4 defeat of Widnes on Wednesday . The 27-year-old played three Tests for the England rugby union side in 2013 . Media playback is not supported on this device \" 'd like to thank Saracens for the opportunity to try a different sport , a different lifestyle and also for assisting development allowed to represent country ,\" Tomkins told Wigan 's website . \" However , after a long thought-out process and at this stage in life , realised that the timing was right to come home . \" am very grateful to Wigan Warriors for taking back to the best rugby club in the world . means everything to to pull on the famous cherry and white jersey again . \" Tomkins , made Wigan debut as an 18-year-old , joined Saracens at the end of the 2011 season , shortly after scoring a stunning try in the Challenge Cup final win over Leeds . is currently recovering from a back injury and is not expected to be fit for about four weeks . decision to return to rugby league is a boost for the sport , after England international Sam Burgess switched codes and agreed a move to Bath for next season . Tomkins 's younger brother Sam swapped Wigan for NRL side New Zealand Warriors at the end of last season , after helping the club to a Super League and Challenge Cup double . Media playback is not supported on this device", "Wildsmith , a product of the club 's academy , has made 18 appearances for the Owls in all competitions . The 21-year-old had a loan spell with then-League One side Barnsley in 2015 , making two appearances . \" 'm delighted to sign for the club long term , 's great that the club believe in and see as part of the future ,\" told the club website .", "Cook , 25 , scored 25 goals in the National League last season , helping the Bluebirds to a mid-table finish . returned to Holker Street after a stint at Grimsby in July 2014 . \" The lad wants to play League football and ca n't and wo n't have a go at players want to play at a higher level ,\" Cox told BBC Radio Cumbria . \" are clubs at level have come in for , but agent has categorically said does n't want to sign for another Conference club . \" 's one might need to be patient on . \"", "The cub will be the first giant panda to be born in Hong Kong . Earlier this year , 10-year-old Ying Ying mated naturally and was also artificially inseminated . However , the staff at Ocean Park are unsure method has resulted in the successful pregnancy . Ying Ying was sent to mainland China 's Sichuan province this spring to take part in a breeding programme . The 100kg female - described by the park as \" inquisitive , active and vigilant \" - attempted to mate naturally with two male pandas on five different occasions and one of the attempts was deemed successful . But to improve the chances of a viable pregnancy , Ying Ying was also artificially inseminated . Repeated ultrasound scans in late September confirmed was carrying a foetus , Ocean Park officials said . Two panda maternity specialists have travelled to Hong Kong from Sichuan to provide pre - and post-natal support and the park 's executive director of zoological operations Suzanne Gendron said was \" cautiously optimistic \" about the birth . Panda reproduction is a notoriously difficult process , with females only ovulating once a year . is common for giant pandas to re-absorb the foetus into the womb in the late stages of pregnancy . The gestation period is typically five months and one or two cubs are usually born .", "Dozens of others remain in critical condition after the fire , apparently caused by fireworks set off by a heavy metal band . Officials say is possible the number of fatalities could double . The news came as thousands marched silently through the Romanian capital in memory of the victims . People carried flowers and lit candles at a memorial outside the nightclub . Romanian President Klaus Iohannis has said safety regulations seem to have been ignored at the club . The fire broke out at about 23:00 local time ( 21:00 GMT ) on Friday at the Colectiv club , was hosting a free rock concert by the band Goodbye to Gravity . Up to 400 people are thought to have been inside . Survivors say the fireworks caused the ceiling and a pillar to catch fire and produce heavy smoke . A stampede for the exit followed . More than 140 people are being treated in hospital , some with severe burns . On Sunday officials said all of the dead had been identified . Romania has declared three days of national mourning .", "Jonathan Baines , 44 , also known as \" Willy \" , was found dead at a house on Ropery Road , Gainsborough , on 1 August . Pamela McLaggan , 51 , of Greystones Road , denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter . Prosecutors accepted plea . was remanded in custody at Lincoln Crown Court ahead of sentencing on 21 December . The court heard Mr Baines had been out for the day at Market Rasen races before returning to Gainsborough and visiting pubs in the town .", "Ayla Ellison , of Ulverston , Cumbria , suffered severe brain damage following a \" traumatic \" birth at Furness General Hospital , Barrow , in April 2007 . In 2012 , Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust admitted staff negligence . At London 's High Court earlier was ruled the trust will pay a tax-free sum every year for the rest of Ayla 's life . Mr Justice Warby ruled the organisation must pay an index-linked amount starting at \u00a3 225,000 and rising to \u00a3 290,000 when turns 18 . While admitting was at fault , the trust had disputed the value of the claim for damages . has been providing financial assistance to the family since 2012 . Ayla , now eight , is totally immobile and dependent on being fed through a tube . The court was told is at constant risk of hypothermia as cannot control body temperature . Despite immobility , suffers muscle spasms leave \" screaming inconsolably at the top of voice for hours \" . Painkillers do not stop the pain , can only be quelled by immersion in a hydrotherapy pool . Ayla 's father now works in London and the settlement includes \u00a3 1.6m to buy a family home in Richmond . Further money will be needed to adapt to Ayla 's needs and install a hydrotherapy pool . The judge awarded a \u00a3 295,000 lump sum for Ayla 's pain , suffering and disability and paid tribute to parents for the \" calm and intelligent way \" had dealt with the tragedy . Trust medical director David Walker said : \" are very sorry for the harm caused to Ayla and the distress caused to family as a result of the issues arising from birth . \" The injuries suffered are very severe and a tragedy for and family . parents have had to cope with extraordinary pressures in looking after . \"", "Judge Clifford Bellamy said Leicester City Council had not undertaken a \" robust risk assessment \" of the boy 's great-great-uncle had been jailed for sexual abuse . The city 's family court heard the nine-year-old had a \" complex \" home life . The judge said the boy should be placed into foster care . A city council spokesman said the child has already been moved to an \" appropriate placement . \" The judge explained in a written ruling the boy 's mother had mental health problems and separated from father several years ago and was now in a lesbian relationship . father has dwarfism , an alcohol problem and had been convicted of having unlawful sex with a 16-year-old girl when was 21 . Updates from this story and more from Leicestershire The boy had been living in the care of great-great-uncle , was in 70s , had been given an eight-year jail term in the early 1990s . had admitted unlawful sexual intercourse and a serious sexual offence with niece when was aged between 11 and 13 . Judge Bellamy said the man had been released on licence after serving five years and was assessed as \" low risk \" . The concerns were raised after the judge was asked to make decisions about the long-term future of the boy at the hearing . said the council had lacked \" any sense of urgency \" in bringing the case to the attention of a family court judge . A city council spokesman said : \" This case does not appear to have been handled appropriately , or with the urgency required , and own review is under way . \" have already put in place new systems to improve and oversee the way assessments are carried out , and further work is under way to ensure court proceedings are expedited . \" The judge also ruled that none of those involved in the case could be identified .", "The country 's Privacy Protection Commission accused Facebook of dodging questions from European regulators . Internet users were also urged to install privacy software to stop Facebook tracking , regardless of whether had accounts with . The social network said complied with data protection law and questioned the Belgian watchdog 's authority . The commission attacked Facebook after trying to find out more about practices . \" Facebook tramples on European and Belgian privacy laws ,\" said after publishing a report analysing changes the company made to privacy policies in January . In a statement , said that Facebook has refused to recognise Belgian and other EU national jurisdictions , insisting was subject only to the law in Ireland , the site of European headquarters . \" Facebook has shown particularly miserly in giving precise answers ,\" the watchdog said , adding that the results of study were \" disconcerting \" . The body , was working with German , Dutch , French and Spanish counterparts , said that Facebook would not explain in detail how used data collected . A Facebook spokeswoman questioned the Belgians' authority but said would review the study 's recommendations with the Irish data protection commissioner . \" work hard to make sure people have control over share and with . \" Facebook is already regulated in Europe and complies with European data protection law , so the applicability of the [ commission 's ] efforts is unclear ,\" said . This is the second damning report this year on Facebook 's use of data from the Belgian Privacy Commission . In February , said placed \" too much burden \" on users to navigate complex settings .", "The drama , focuses of the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and servants , will go into production next year . This is in addition to the special one-off episode will air at Christmas . Created by writer Julian Fellowes , is set to return for the next series , the show first aired in 2010 . \" is fantastic that Downton continues to be such a phenomenon - still the most popular drama on ITV in fifth series - and are thrilled to have commissioned a sixth series ,\" said Steve November , ITV 's director of drama commissioning . \" do n't know yet Julian has planned , but are looking forward to working with , the fantastic cast and Carnival again , and have no doubt series six will be unmissable . \" Producers have yet to confirm the full cast . Earlier this week Hugh Bonneville , plays Lord Grantham , talked to Newsbeat about some of the celebrities , including Kim Kardasian and Kanye West , are said to be fans of the show . \" 's only a matter of time before are on the show ,\" joked Bonneville about the pair . \" Hillary Clinton and John Kerry [ United States Secretary of State ] are fans of the show too . \" To have like the show as well as trying to run countries and economies is great . \" The fifth series of Downton Abbey ends on Sunday 9 November . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Mr Hammond dismissed reports of angry rows between the two as \" tittle tattle \" although jokingly acknowledged occasionally swore . Mrs May said was \" focused on 8 June \" . Mr Hammond and Mrs May were speaking at a press conference arranged to attack Labour 's election manifesto . Taking questions from journalists after claiming Labour 's pledges created a multibillion pound \" black hole \" , were asked about reports of a rift between offices since the U-turn over National Insurance in March 's Budget . Asked by BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg whether would \" still be neighbours \" after the general election - the chancellor 's official residence is 11 Downing Street - Mrs May said : \" think 's true to say that the chancellor and and every other member of team are focused on 8 June . \" was also pressed to give an endorsement of chancellor , replying that was \" very happy to do so \" . \" As Philip says , have worked together for many years ,\" said . \" Longer than would care to identify - that 's an age-related comment , nothing else . \" Mr Hammond said and Mrs May worked \" very closely together \" . added : \" candidly admitted - and family will confirm this - is do occasionally swear . \" This morning the chancellor 's admission that sometimes swears , as sought to play down reports of rows with Team May , wo n't have helped . Nor will the PM twice refusing to say would still be chancellor if is elected . did , at the third time of asking give endorsement . And moving after the election if the Tories win would be a dramatic and risky move . But this morning 's excursion wo n't have helped relations between the two addresses . Read Laura 's blog", "The US network said was \" not an easy decision \" and had \" enormous respect \" for creators and cast . Set in the 1970s , the series told of a charismatic record executive trying to revive struggling label . ensemble cast included Bobby Cannavale in the lead role , Olivia Wilde as wife and Sir Mick 's son James as a rebellious British singer . Sir Mick and Scorsese were among the show 's executive producers , with the latter directing pilot episode . The series premiere in February was watched by 764,000 viewers , though the average audience subsequently dipped to 650,000 . \" After careful consideration , have decided not to proceed with a second season of Vinyl ,\" HBO said in a statement . \" have enormous respect for the creative team and cast for hard work and passion on this project . \" Ray Romano , another actor in the cast , told an Australian newspaper on Thursday the cancellation felt like \" a knife in the guts \" . Wilde , meanwhile , thanked Twitter followers for \" kind words \" and said had been part of \" something special \" .", "In annual report , the charity said local workers carried out a total of 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015 / 16 . The callers considered most at risk were aged between 12 and 15 . Across the UK as whole , the number of calls from suicidal children almost doubled from the total five years ago . The figure show that youngsters plagued by suicidal thoughts contacted Childline 19,481 times throughout the UK last year - an average of one call every 30 minutes . The charity also said girls were more likely to seek help than boys . Geraldine McConaghy , a senior supervisor with Childline Northern Ireland , said suicidal thoughts were a result of the \" pressures that young people are under \" . \" might have poor mental health , might be feeling pressure from school , pressure within the family ,\" said . \" When come to , 've noticed is that , on average , one child in Northern Ireland contacts Childline each day is feeling suicidal . \" One 17-year-old girl contacted the charity last year said was having difficulties coping at college and finding the lessons \" a struggle \" . \" In the past , 've had to take some time off because 've been suffering with mental health problems ,\" the caller told Childline staff . \" Sometimes feel so stressed and useless ; just have to walk out . \" sometimes feel like want to die . \" Childline Northern Ireland 's service manager , Mairead Monds , said : \" need to understand that are children and young people living in Northern Ireland are experiencing significant mental health problems , self-esteem issues , isolation and feelings of worthlessness . \" These are children have very little support and very often feel that life is simply not worth living . \"", "The new boathouse , will replace the existing building on Foreshore Road , will be home to a new \u00a3 2m Shannon class lifeboat . The Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) said building work would begin in autumn and take a year to finish . Plans were approved by Scarborough Borough Council 's planning and development committee . RNLI divisional operations manager Andrew Ashton said : \" 're delighted that the plans have been approved today and this heralds an exciting new era in Scarborough RNLI 's rich and long lifesaving history . \" The lifeboat station will be funded from various RNLI sources including legacies , donations and fundraising activities . The Shannon class lifeboat will replace Scarborough 's current Mersey class lifeboat in 2016 . John Senior , Scarborough RNLI lifeboat operations manager , said : \" While will be a shame to say a fond farewell to existing facilities , have served admirably over the decades , 's time to look to the future . \" Plans for the lifeboat station were approved despite a number of objections from local residents claimed the building would not \" blend in with existing buildings \" , with one branding a \" monstrosity \" .", "The 30-year-old , excluded from the World Championships by USA Swimming after a drink-drive conviction , won in one minute 54.75 seconds in Texas . Phelps , an 18-time Olympic champion , also recorded the year 's fastest times to win the 100m and 200m butterfly . Ryan Lochte won world 200m individual medley gold in 1:55.81 on Thursday . American Lochte , 31 , also holds the world record for the event of 1:54.00 , swam in 2011 . \" Ryan and have been pretty dominant in that race since started racing back in 2004 ,\" said Phelps . \" 'm looking forward to getting back in and competing with . \" 've been away from the sport for a while and feel like 'm kind of back where used to be . 's good to be here . \" On Saturday , Phelps won the 100m butterfly in 50.45 seconds , faster than the 50.56 South African Chad Le Clos swam to win world gold on the same day . A day earlier , Phelps won the American 200m butterfly title in one minute 52.94 seconds in San Antonio - 0.54secs faster than Hungary 's Laszlo Cseh swam in winning the world title in Kazan , Russia . Phelps , was convicted of drink-driving in December and served a six-month ban from competition , now has a record 55 national titles .", "The man , of 23 , is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving over the collision on the A500 at about 04:45 BST . The two men died , both aged 22 , were from the north Staffordshire area , police said . Part of the southbound carriageway was closed for seven hours after the crash at Cliffe Vale , a spokesman said . The road has since reopened . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said quickly became apparent to crews arriving at the scene \" that nothing could be done to save two men were in the car \" . were confirmed dead at the scene . A third man \" was treated for multiple minor injuries \" and taken to Royal Stoke University Hospital . Anyone with any information about the collision is urged to call police on 101 .", "Protesters have been on the the streets since Freddie Gray 's death on 19 April - a week after a police encounter where sustained unexplained injuries . Shops have been looted and objects thrown at police , injuring several officers . was the first time in the history of professional baseball that fans had been locked out of a game . The game at Camden Yards started at 14:05 EDT due to the city 's 22:00 curfew in the wake of the riots , with Baltimore winning 8-2 . Among the few able to witness the match were those had paid for balcony rooms in the nearby Hilton Hotel , overlooks the stadium . Journalists accredited to cover the game reported that the voices of players on the infield could be heard clearly . \" Attention media : For record-keeping purposes , today 's official paid attendance is ... zero ,\" an announcement made over the press box public address system said . Other reports said the stadium still played the traditional US baseball anthem - Take Out To The Ballgame - during the traditional seventh-inning stretch . The Orioles and Major League Baseball officials had said the decision to shut out fans had been taken for safety reasons . But Brendan Hurson , one of the 40 spectators gathered by a fence near the stadium 's main gate , said was a missed opportunity and held up a sign reading \" Do n't forget Freddie Gray \" . Six police officers have been suspended following Gray 's death and an internal investigation is under way . On Sunday , more than 1,000 protesters were on the streets of Baltimore and at least 12 arrests made . Gray , was 25 , is the latest of a series of black Americans to die in police custody in recent months , triggering angry protests accusing the police of brutality .", "The Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash at Pandy on the main road between Abergavenny and Hereford at about 15:10 BST . The A465 Hereford Road has been shut in both directions but was expected to reopen on Thursday evening .", "The company had been chosen by KPMG as preferred bidders last month . Ferguson , went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs , will be renamed Ferguson Marine Engineering . Mr McColl has promised to upgrade facilities at the Port Glasgow yard and seek work in the renewables sector . also hopes to grow the workforce from pre-administration level of 77 to 120 people . Joint administrator Blair Nimmo said : \" is extremely pleasing to secure the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in such a short timeframe and to buyers can see the potential in the business and skilled workforce . \" would like to thank those employees , and all parties with an interest in Ferguson Shipbuilders , including various government agencies , for patience and support during this period . \" would also like to wish Clyde Blowers Capital every success for the future . \" As new owners have an ambitious vision to build on heritage and grow a successful shipbuilding and marine engineering business on the Clyde . \" Mr McColl said : \" are pleased to have completed the purchase of Ferguson 's and are excited by potential to grow into a leading marine engineering business . \" added : \" Work is now well underway to develop a plan to rebuild Ferguson 's , and look forward to working with the key stakeholders in that rebuilding process . \"", "Michael Coe , 35 , saw the two 16-year-olds hugging in the street in Newham , east London , in April and demanded to know if were Muslims . Southwark Crown Court heard the Muslim convert then called the girl a \" whore \" , before throwing the boy to the ground . Coe also attacked a passing teacher had tried to help the couple . Judge Michael Gledhill QC said the two children had denied were Muslim when challenged by Coe . \" Why ? Because were frightened of would do if told the truth , that were in fact Muslim ,\" Jude Gledhill said . added : \" At the time of these offences either held extremist views or views were getting very close to extremist views . \" Coe had admitted \" shoving \" the boy - is half size - claiming was acting in self-defence , but was convicted in August of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and battery . The court heard the father of two was radicalised in prison by al-Qaeda terrorist Dhiren Barot in 2007 while serving an eight-year term for firing a shotgun at police during an arrest . Coe was also convicted of religiously aggravated harassment in 2013 after seeing a Muslim woman talking to a group of men and telling that was against Islam . The defendant , also known as Mikaeel Ibrahim , became a close associate of convicted hate preacher Choudary , founder of the banned organisation al-Muhajiroun , of Coe was a member . Prosecutor Jonathan Polnay read a victim impact statement from the boy . \" feels the offence has affected life quite a lot ,\" Polnay said . \" does n't see friends outside of school . \" has also split up with the girl was girlfriend at the time . \"", "reveals that those aged 60 and over are the fastest growing population in English and Welsh prisons , with an increase of 146 % between 2002 and 2014 . Those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing group , says the report . The government said was \" committed to providing suitable facilities \" . The report comes as Prisons Minister Andrew Selous is due to give evidence on older prisoners to the Commons justice select committee . Longer sentences mean more people are growing frail in prison , but high rates of social and support needs are unmet , says the trust . Two in five prisoners over 50 now have a disability of some kind , the report added . Trust director Juliet Lyon said : \" In the last few years , prison has been reduced to a punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars . \" Prisons are less safe and less decent than were even a year ago when published last report . \" An incoming administration of government in May 2015 must not accept this deterioration in prison standards and conditions as the new normal . \" Although the prison population stands at around 84,500 in England and Wales - 20 % higher than was 12 years ago - the National Offender Management Service has had to make more than \u00c2 \u00a3 700m in savings over the last three years and is expected cut a further \u00c2 \u00a3 149m in 2014-15 . The proportion of prisons performance is \" of concern \" or \" of serious concern \" according to the National Offender Management Service has risen from 13 % in 2012-13 , to 23 % in 2013-14 . Prisons minister Andrew Selous , said : \" 're committed to providing suitable facilities and ensuring individual healthcare needs are met , as well as working alongside charities such as Age UK and Recoop to ensure older offenders are rehabilitated . \" From April next year , local authorities will be responsible for care and support for prisoners meaning that , for the first time , will have a social care service working alongside the healthcare already provided in prisons by the NHS . \"", "The incident happened on the Whiterock Road at about 15:00 GMT on Friday afternoon . Police said was witnessed by people waiting to pick up prescriptions , including children . The man has been charged with two counts of criminal damage , disorderly behaviour and of assault on police . is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates Court on 5 December .", "Many more are feared trapped under rubble after hundreds of buildings collapsed . Thousands of people have been forced to take refuge in temporary shelters and mosques . Some have been left homeless after houses were destroyed , others have fled homes amid fears of aftershocks and a possible tsunami . Rescue workers used diggers to remove rubble in search efforts overnight on Wednesday . Others used bare hands and shovels to find people . A few survivors were pulled out alive on Wednesday . More than 200 buildings were either seriously damaged or toppled in the earthquake . The Pidie Jaya region , on the north Aceh coast , was the hardest hit . The tremor hit just offshore early on Wednesday morning . Many of the homes in the area have corrugated tin roofs collapsed . Hundreds have also been rushed to the sole functioning hospital , has been overwhelmed by patients . Banda Aceh , the provincial capital , was one of the worst hit areas by the 2004 tsunami , caused by a massive earthquake .", "Armagh defender Aidan Forker and Louth 's Anthony Williams were sent-off early in the game . Goals from Ciaran McKeever and Rowland helped Armagh to a 2-5 to 0-6 half-time lead and Jamie Clarke added the third . Antrim eased relegation worries with CJ McGourty netting in a 1-10 to 0-11 win against Laois , had Damien O'Connor red-carded before half-time . Conor Murray scored two points at Corrigan Park as the Saffrons moved into an early 0-4 to 0-1 lead , but Ross Munnelly and David Conway were on target as Louth levelled . The decisive period in the game came just before the break with McGourty 's goal and the dismissal of O'Connor . Antrim led 1-5 to 0-6 at half-time but Laois levelled on the restart thanks to points from Ambrose Doran and Alan Farrell . Paddy McBride restored the host 's advantage only for James Finn to make all-square again . CJ McGourty slotted over three of Antrim 's final four points as edged clear to clinch a valuable win to leave the Ulster side sixth in the standings . \" If did n't get the two points from this game would be up against ,\" said Antrim joint-manager Gearoid Adams . \" CJ McGourty led by example with pressure frees and got over the line - must push on now . \" was a dramatic opening at the Gaelic Grounds with Forker red-carded after 50 seconds followed by McKeever 's goal and the exit of Williams on 10 minutes . The Orchard visitors made a blistering start , surging to a 2-3 to 0-1 lead with Rowland firing in the second goal . Louth pair Paraic Smith and Ryan Burns each scored three first-half points and the Division Three pacesetters trailed 2-5 to 0-6 at the break . Armagh banged over seven of the opening eight points at the start of second half to kill off Louth hopes . Grimley split the posts twice to take tally to five points and three came from Clarke , also converted a late penalty . Armagh are third but just a point behind Louth and new leaders Tipperary . Orchard forward Rory Grugan scored four points and was happy with team 's display . \" were under pressure to keep promotion hopes alive and was up to to put in a performance ,\" said . \" was a mad start and these things happen in games but responded well with a goal and were in good shape at half-time . \"", "Clotilde Nonnez , a 56-year-old yoga teacher , says has lived in the capital for 30 years and seen health deteriorate . However , became worse than ever when pollution in Paris hit record levels last December . lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 French deaths per year . \" are taking the state to task because think the medical problems pollution victims suffer are as a result of the authorities' lack of action in tackling air pollution ,\" Fran\u00c3 \u00a7 ois Lafforgue told Le Monde newspaper . More cases would be brought in the coming weeks , in Lyon , Lille and elsewhere , added . Paris has struggled for years to combat high levels of smog and the authorities have introduced fines for any vehicle not carrying a \" Crit'Air \" emissions category sticker - part of a scheme to promote lower-emitting vehicles . Several routes in the capital now have restrictions on car use and a 3km ( 1.8-mile ) stretch of the Right Bank of the River Seine has become pedestrianised . Ms Nonnez says has led a healthy life , first as a dancer and more recently as a yoga teacher , but has increasingly suffered from respiratory problems , ranging from chronic asthma to pneumonia . When pollution hit the worst levels for a decade last December , existing bronchial condition prompted an acute pericarditis attack . \" The doctor treating says Paris air is so polluted that 're breathing rotten air . has other patients like , including children and babies too . cardiologist says the same ,\" told the France Info website .", "Earlier this week , refused to answer the question of whether believed homosexual sex was a sin . But told the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show was \" passionate about LGBT-plus rights \" and defending equal marriage would be \" at the top of agenda \" . also said wanted to extend the marital rights of transgender people . Appearing on Channel 4 News on Friday , Mr Farron , beat Norman Lamb to the leadership , was asked three times if believed homosexual sex was a sin . Each time , refused to give a direct answer , instead choosing to say \" firm belief is are all sinners \" . Mr Farron was asked by Andrew Marr why voted against the Equality Bill in 2007 - a law would have made harder for businesses to discriminate against gay people . \" Let be crystal clear , 'm a liberal and absolutely support equality ,\" replied . \" 'm passionate about LGBT-plus rights , for example , and as the leader of a liberal party , that is something will be at the top of agenda throughout the time am leader of party . \" Not just defending the law on equal marriage , but also saying are areas where needs to be extended . \" Mr Farron said transgender people currently did not have equal access to marriage due to something known as the spousal veto - means the husband or wife of someone has changed gender must give consent in order for the marriage to continue . said the Lib Dems tabled an amendment to the Equality Bill because of concerns about \" protection of individual liberties \" and when that was defeated voted against the bill . did not answer directly when asked those concerns were , but said : \" am absolutely in favour of equal access under law for all people sexuality . \"", "Max Schrems wants the court to order the Irish Data Protection Commissioner to audit Facebook to see material passes on to the US authorities . The privacy watchdog had previously said the transfers were protected under the Safe Harbour trade agreement . But a fortnight ago the European Court of Justice ruled the pact invalid . The ECJ said that as a consequence the Irish regulator was indeed required to examine Mr Schrems' complaint with \" all due diligence \" and ultimately decide whether to suspend transfers if believed the firm was not providing an \" adequate level of protection \" to protect people 's privacy . Following the ruling , the Irish data commissioner sought guidance from the High Court about how should proceed , resulting in the latest proceedings . Mr Schrems alleges that whistleblower Edward Snowden 's leaks demonstrate that Facebook - as well as other technology companies - \" aids US spy agencies for mass surveillance \" in breach of the EU 's Charter of Fundamental Rights . Facebook strongly denies providing \" backdoor \" access to the US intelligence agencies and says data-transfer processes were reviewed by the Irish watchdog as recently as 2012 . The social network , European headquarters is in Dublin , has requested permission to voice case at the High Court , but has yet to find out whether will be permitted to do so . \" believe is critical that join the proceedings so that can provide accurate information about procedures and processes , as well as to correct inaccuracies already exist ,\" a Facebook spokeswoman told the BBC . Mr Schrems has previously cast doubt on information the California-based company might provide . \" Facebook is very likely bound by ' gag orders' and is not allowed to confirm such cooperation with US authorities ,\" wrote earlier this month . \" Facebook spokespersons [ comment on the matter ] typically do not have the necessary security clearance to know about such programmes . \" The case could set a precedent influences how other EU regulators handle complaints about data sent to US-based computer servers for processing and storage . A spokeswoman for the Irish Data Protection Commissioner said was not yet clear when the High Court would rule on how the dispute should proceed .", "The 36-year-old former Watford and West Bromwich Albion defender was without a club when joined Blues on a one-month trial deal in September 2012 . But this new contract , in a player-coach role , is fourth for Blues as continues to extend a career now totals more than 700 appearances . Robinson has not figured since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April . But has still clocked up 36 appearances this season , taking total number of games in a royal blue shirt to 119 . \" Robbo is an influential person around the dressing room and been a good help to since 've come in ,\" Rowett told BBC WM . \" And still think can offer something on the pitch . \" is an opportunity to become a squad defender and still be influential around the club and help some of the youngsters in a coaching capacity , maybe one or two days a week . \" Sometimes 's hard to find someone can offer a multitude of things . can help the young players with that game understanding and that knowledge of winning things and doing things properly in football , because that 's something do n't often get in academies . \" Every time pulled on the captain 's armband gave everything 's got . 's a real winner and a real leader and sometimes do n't think are enough of those around clubs in the game . \"", "has recently attended nine properties in areas including Poole . The service said neighbours were not warned before the devices were set off . is asking people wish to use to contact residents in advance to avoid \" false alarms \" . British Pest Control Association ( BPCA ) described as \" aggressive \" products . Firefighters have also been called to homes in Bournemouth , Weymouth , Wool , and Woolland , near Hazelbury Bryan . Richard Moseley , technical manager for BPCA , said such devices were used by the association in confined areas such as loft spaces and greenhouses to control pests , including cluster flies . \" Imagine a firework with insecticides going off - that 's 're dealing with ,\" said . \" Sometimes smoke can be seen externally and in cases such as these would inform the local fire service , but 's not something an amateur would always think of . \" are not advised for use in living areas , such as kitchens or sitting rooms , where is a greater risk of contamination , said . added was a \" lack of knowledge \" with over-the-counter products .", "The storms over the weekend killed six people , including two Girl Guides were crushed by a falling tree . Thousands of homes were also damaged . Poland 's chief forester Konrad Tomaszewski said would take up to two years to clear the fallen trees , and decades for the lost natural habitat to recover . called \" undoubtedly the worst disaster in the history of Polish - and perhaps even European - forestry \" . is estimated the storms brought down over eight million cubic metres of lumber across 45,000 hectares of forest . Some of the hardest hit areas were Torun , Gdansk , and Poznan - all in the northern and western parts of the country . In Torun alone , the storms left more than 23,000 hectares of damaged forest . also destroyed the habitats of rare species . In a statement ( in Polish ) , Polish State Forests said found \" destroyed bird nests \" and \" dead animals failed to escape the storm . \" The disaster comes as the Polish government faces criticism for logging in Europe 's oldest forest , is situated in the east of the country . The Bialowieza forest is a Unesco world heritage site sits along Poland 's border with Belarus , and is home to rare wildlife . Unesco , EU officials , and green activists have all opposed logging there and last month the European Union 's top court ordered that large-scale logging operations be immediately stopped . Logging banned in Europe 's oldest forest The Polish government responded by saying logging was necessary to protect the forest from an infestation of bark beetle . The European Court of Justice will meet in a few months to determine whether the injunction will remain in place . The European Commission is taking legal action against Warsaw , and if Poland loses the case will be liable for multimillion euro fines .", "Arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde . Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0 , while Stirling Albion moved up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City . Edinburgh City snatched all three points in game against Annan thanks to Ryan Porteous' late header . Forfar went ahead against Berwick when David Cox scored just before the interval with a neat header from six yards out . Lewis Milne then added a second four minutes from time . Bobby Linn was on target in the 31st minute for Arbroath ; finding the bottom corner with a neat finish . Martin Scott scored two in two minutes in the second half to clinch victory for the Red Lichties , leapfrog visitors in the table , before Ryan McCord added a fourth late on . Nikolay Todorov fired Cowdenbeath ahead from the penalty spot in the 20th minute after Cammy Ballantyne fouled Kris Renton in the area . And went from bad to worse for the visitors when Ballantyne was shown a red card in the 29th minute for a foul on Craig Johnston . The hosts extended lead through Renton 's 57th-minute header . Elgin took the lead against Stirling when Darryl McHardy found the bottom corner with a left-footed strike in the 29th minute . However , the visitors equalised early in the second half when Marc McKenzie headed home at the back post from an Eddie Ferns cross . Stirling moved ahead when Blair Henderson pounced from close range after Sean Dickson 's shot had been saved by the goalkeeper . Brian Cameron thought had rescued a point for side with a 76th-minute strike , but Jamie Mills scored the winner late on .", "Gerry McGowan , Michael Toner , Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly were all teenagers when were accused of killing Lt Steven Kirby in 1979 . The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until acquittal in 1998 . are now involved in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest . four men also say were subjected to false imprisonment , assault , battery and malicious prosecution . The PSNI told the BBC would be inappropriate to comment due to legal proceedings . On Friday , lawyers for the PSNI chief constable submitted documents to the High Court in Belfast indicating that all original interview notes from 1979 were missing . \" suppose first reaction was one of disbelief but at the same time was not surprising ,\" said Gerry McGowan . \" These documents could have been forensically tested to determine whether the statements were tampered with . \" Were wilfully destroyed or was just complete incompetence ? \" is understood that no explanation was provided as to how the notes had gone missing . is yet another twist in a long battle for justice , according to Paul O'Connor from the Pat Finucane Centre . \" is an incredible coincidence that in this particular case the interview notes have gone missing ,\" said . \" would be vital to get to the bottom of this to see was written in the original interview notes and this is quite a blow for . \" heart goes out to the four men , clearly have been vindicated in terms of having the charges withdrawn but 've had no justice . \" The four men have now lodged an application for the release of covert tape recordings of the interviews , believed were made by the security services .", "Media playback is unsupported on device 12 September 2015 Last updated at 12:39 BST The world 's most experienced space flier was also joined by two crewmates , including Denmark 's first-ever astronaut . Andreas Mogensen of the European Space Agency and Aidyn Aimbetov both spent less than 10 days in orbit . The three spacemen made parachute landing in central Kazakhstan after leaving the International Space Station ( ISS ) at 9.39pm on Friday . Mogensen said the crew had had \" a fantastic mission \" at the ISS , nine members represented five different nationalities at the time . \" This is a superb example of can be achieved together when work together across borders and boundaries ,\" added . Pictures from NASA TV .", "The number two seeds completed a 44-38 victory over China , were champions in London four years ago . Find out how to get into fencing with special guide . Romania , finished sixth in the team epee in London , were in control throughout the game after winning the opening bout . The Russian team secured sixth bronze of these games with a narrow 37-31 victory over Estonia . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get pick of news , features and video sent to inbox .", "An ultra low emission zone in London for the most polluting cars will come into force in April 2019 and reports say other cities will follow suit . The government will also produce a new air quality plan by the end of April . But Theresa May has said will \" take into account \" drivers encouraged to buy diesel cars by previous governments . Former Labour Chancellor Gordon Brown introduced a lower vehicle tax in 2001 to encourage people to buy diesel cars , as were more economical and thought to be less harmful in terms of carbon dioxide emissions . But has been increasing concern from experts that the vehicles emit dangerous levels of nitrogen dioxide , is thought to have caused thousands of premature deaths in the UK . The government has to produce a new air quality plan after receiving a \" final warning \" from the European Commission about breaches of legal air quality levels in the UK . also lost two court cases in 2015 and 2016 over pollution levels brought by environmental lawyers ClientEarth . To tackle the issue , a so-called \" toxin tax \" is expected to be rolled out across several cities , charging drivers of diesel cars up to \u00c2 \u00a3 20 per day to come into urban areas . Mayor of London Sadiq Khan announced on Tuesday that such a scheme - creating an the ultra low emission zone in the capital - would come into force in two years' time , with a charge of \u00c2 \u00a3 12.50 for petrol cars do not meet Euro 4 standards and diesel vehicles do not meet Euro 6 standards . But motoring organisations have said diesel car drivers are being \" punished \" for following a previous government 's policy . Mrs May has now hinted will be schemes to help drivers were told that diesel vehicles were the right purchase . Speaking on trip to Jordan and Saudi Arabia , said : \" Decisions will be taken when produce that [ air quality ] plan . \" But 'm very conscious of the fact that past governments have encouraged people to buy diesel cars and need to take that into account when look at do in the future . \" did not set out any specific plans , but have been reports of a scrappage scheme could pay people to get rid of diesel vehicles .", "McCann is \" delighted \" with the seven new faces has signed in recent weeks , but admits has been tough . \" Identifying guys has been hard as the club really does n't have any recruitment system behind ,\" said . \" 's something 'll be speaking to managing director , John Nelms , about because 's so important . \" Facing first full season as Dundee boss , McCann says recruitment is \" top of the list of priorities \" for any manager and is hoping to makes strides in that area ahead of the January transfer window . \" need help ,\" added . \" 've been chasing tails a bit this time . need a database so that come January , if want to strengthen , have a list can choose from rather than running about crazy 24 hours a day taking calls , looking on Wyscout , looking at games . \" Despite the difficulty , Dundee have managed to sign striker Sofien Moussa , midfielder Glen Kamara , defender Jack Hendry , winger Randy Wolters , midfielder Roarie Deacon and striker Rory Loy . Midfielder Scott Allan has also moved to Dens Park on a season-long loan from Celtic . \" 's been a real team effort between the staff this summer ,\" McCann said . \" 've all mucked in and done homework . \" would n't believe the number of hours have been put into recruitment . 's been extensive . \" 'm delighted with the guys 've brought in . offer something did n't have . have two different types now in a lot of key positions . \" McCann hopes recent recruit Moussa will receive clearance to complete move before Tuesday 's League Cup match away to Raith Rovers . Dundee were knocked out of the competition at the group stage last season and McCann , took over in April and was named permanent manager in June , is determined to avoid a repeat . \" do n't want to use these games as a warm-up ,\" said . \" 's important that start building a winning mentality from the first game of the season - starting on Tuesday . \" do n't think can go into the season half-cocked . \" will give every team face the same respect 'd show Rangers or Celtic . will be ready . \"", "Faull was part of the famous British and Irish Lions side beat New Zealand in Auckland in 1959 . made 12 appearances for Wales and played in four of the six Tests in the 1959 Lions tour . also played three times for the Barbarians . John was also the son of former international referee and former president of the Welsh Rugby Union , Wilf Faull .", "The 40-year-old 14-time major champion twice had back surgery during 15 months out before returning in December , when tied for 15th at the 17-man Hero World Challenge . Over the next five weeks plays four full-field tournaments . \" That is a concern , no doubt about , but 'm also looking forward to . 've sat out long enough ,\" Woods said . \" 've gone through some pretty tough lows . were points when did n't know whether would swing a golf club again . \" But do feel good about . just need to get out there and do and see happens . \" Woods begins 2017 season at the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego , begins on Thursday . will then play at the Dubai Desert Classic from 2-5 February , followed by the Genesis Open at Riviera from 16-19 February and the Honda Classic in Palm Beach Gardens from 23-26 February . \" 've got body in a pretty good state where feel can handle that workload , but 've still got to go out there and do ,\" added . \" Feeling good about and doing are two totally different things . \" Media playback is not supported on this device", "The woman , has asked to remain anonymous , said happened just before 20:00 BST on Sunday . said the man was dressed in dark clothes and asked to call an ambulance . \" was a terrible shock . just do n't know 're answering the door to ,\" said . The shooting happened at Glenwood Drive , Poleglass . The victim , a 56-year-old man , is in a stable condition in hospital . The woman told BBC News was waiting for grandson to come over when the man came to door and said were lots of children in the area . \" did n't get much sleep , 've been up all night with stomach churning ,\" said . \" does n't bear thinking about if the kids had seen the shooting . \" The woman said and a neighbour tended to the man while waiting for the ambulance , said arrived quickly and took away . said does not think the man was local to area . Stephen Magennis , a Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in councillor , said the man had been shot \" five or six times in the leg \" . \" 've said for a long time now regarding punishment attacks no guns at all should be brought onto the streets ,\" said . \" The message needs to come loud and clear in the community and hopefully these groups will listen . \"", "Canadian Roger Thomas Clark is said to have been a key adviser for Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht . The US Department of Justice alleged that Mr Clark advised Ulbricht about the best way to run the site and how to evade the police . The Silk Road website was shut down in late 2013 following raids by the FBI and other law enforcement agencies . was a marketplace sited on the dark web through many people bought illegal drugs . In May this year Ross Ulbricht was sentenced to life in prison for creating and running the site . The DoJ alleges that Mr Clark was a \" high-ranking \" operator on the Silk Road and was instrumental in helping Ulbricht run . gave advice about ways to improve the technology underpinning the site , boost sales and on the best way for Ulbricht to hide real identity , said US authorities . Mr Clark was paid \" at least hundreds of thousands of dollars \" for this advice , said the DoJ in a statement announcing the arrest . \" Clark may have thought residing in Thailand would keep out of reach of US authorities , but international partnerships have proven wrong ,\" said FBI assistant director Diego Rodriguez . On the site and in other underground forums , Mr Clark is believed to have used several nicknames including \" Variety Jones , \" VJ \" , \" Cimon \" and \" Plural of Mongoose \" . Extradition proceedings have been started against Mr Clark to transfer from a jail in Thailand to the US . faces charges of narcotics conspiracy and money laundering . If found guilty of both charges could face 30 years in jail .", "The 42-year-old man was discovered in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve , in Earnley , on Tuesday by Coastguards . Sussex Police said the incident , took place in the Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT , was being treated as a \" tragic accident \" . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed . A spokesman for Sussex Police said believed the AAIB would be \" leading on the investigation into the cause of the crash \" .", "The African champions take on the Europeans in Jeju , South Korea , as look to seal a place in the quarter-finals . Chambeshi has watched side play some attractive football in the group stage and is looking for more of the same on Wednesday . \" have a strong team but are the African champions , so at least that morale is motivating a lot ,\" said Chambeshi . said team had fully recovered from the 1-0 defeat suffered against Costa Rica in final Group C match . \" are representing Africa and think have the strength and power to match Germany . have a strong team but are the African champions \" have to respect , but have to respect too . \" Zambia 's prospects have been boosted by the return of captain Solomon Sakala sat out the Costa Rica game through suspension . \" 'm happy the captain is back in the team ; morale is high and the boys are looking forward to the game . \" Chambeshi was part of Zambia 's Olympic squad thrashed 4-0 by Germany during the 1988 Games in Seoul . However , said revenge was not main motivation but getting the result to see through to the next stage . \" In football , is no revenge ; know everyone is looking at that [ Seoul ' 88 defeat ] , but buried that Seoul Olympics defeat . \" have to do very best so that overcome Germany . \" That time Germany had [ Jurgen ] Klinsmann was a high-class player . \" also had good players , but now 's a different scenario . \"", "Mr Yanukovych flew from China to Sochi in southern Russia for the meeting . also cancelled a visit to Malta . Last month shelved a partnership deal with the EU , triggering angry protests in Ukraine 's capital Kiev . Jailed opposition politician Yulia Tymoshenko has reportedly called off a prison hunger strike . The former prime minister 's daughter , Eugenia , said mother had accepted a request from protesters in Kiev to stop the fast . had reportedly begun the hunger strike on 25 November in protest at Mr Yanukovych 's failure to sign the EU deal . Thousands of anti-Yanukovych protesters remain outside the government building on Kiev 's Independence Square , braving bitter cold . are furious that made an 11th-hour U-turn in relations with the EU , refusing to sign the association agreement had been prepared during years of negotiations . In Sochi , Mr Yanukovych discussed \" preparation of a future treaty on strategic partnership \" with Russia , press service said . The talks covered various economic issues , the statement said , without elaborating . Mr Putin has been urging Ukraine to join Russia 's customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan - a union entry terms are far less demanding than the EU 's . In recent months Russia has put Ukraine under economic pressure , imposing long customs delays at the border and banning imports of Ukrainian sweets . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , a Tymoshenko ally and leader of the main opposition faction in parliament , condemned the talks in Sochi . \" attempts to sell Ukraine to Russia have not ended in any way ,\" said . \" If Yanukovych tries to sign anything with Russia about the customs union will lead to a bigger wave of protests . \"", "More than 350 Roma people had lived in the camp on La Petite Ceinture since mid-2015 . Activists said many left early ahead of the police action . The site belongs to the national rail authority SNCF . France has one of Europe 's toughest policies towards Roma . Most live in camps are regularly demolished and every year thousands are deported . Amnesty International urged city authorities to find a lasting housing solution for those evicted in Paris - saying would become homeless in mid-winter . Hundreds of thousands of Roma - mostly from Romania and Bulgaria - have moved to western Europe since the 1990s . The Council of Europe , the region 's main human rights body , warned that evictions were \" counter-productive \" because disrupted education and healthcare for Roma children . Council of Europe Secretary General Thorbjorn Jagland said was crucial for French authorities to provide \" adequate , alternative accommodation \" for those evicted , \" particularly as have decided to take this action during winter \" . France 's unwanted Roma", "Hythe Ferry runs between Hythe and Southampton , serviced by a train runs along a 640m ( 2,000ft ) pier . The presenter lent support to a community group 's aim to take over the management of the pier and train . current operator said numbers using the ferry had been falling . Earlier this year , Hythe Ferry Ltd warned staff about possible redundancies , having suffered a \" year-on-year decline \" in passenger numbers and faced with higher operating costs . More than 9,000 people have signed a petition calling for the service to be saved . Peter King , of the Hythe Hythe Pier Train and Ferry Action Group , said members wanted to create a \" viable modern ferry \" by a charitable trust taking over the management of the Victorian pier and \" relieving \" the ferry operators of the costs of maintaining . said a redevelopment project could cost \u00a3 2-3m but a trust would be able to access other sources of finance , including lottery grants . Mr Snow said : \" This train is the oldest running pier train anywhere in the world , so 'm campaigning to keep open . need to do everything can to keep this extraordinary piece of past running . \"", "Corran \" Coz \" Powell , 21 , died following the collision in Braintree , Essex , in December 2014 . family is raising money to buy a particular area of land on dreamed about running outdoor survival courses for disadvantaged young people . The centre would also be used as a venue for new bands and charity events . \" ca n't think of anything else could have done was more fitting , or more Coz ,\" mother Gennie said . \" think 'd be 100 % behind . If 's watching now 'd be saying ' Come on Mum , keep going ' . Mrs Powell said even if could not raise enough money to buy the land \" loved and built plans around \" , relatives would make sure followed through \" even if 's just three acres \" . Mrs Powell said son , was from Gosfield , Essex , dreamt of \" teaching other young people to understand , be safe in and respect countryside \" . \" loved being active outdoors and having been introduced to woodland survival was passionate about the skills and confidence gave ,\" said . On the family 's fundraising page , Mrs Powell wrote : \" have the skills and knowledge to set up the kind of Centre Coz had in mind but do not have the money . \" The family will contribute money paid from Mr Powell 's car insurance life cover towards \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 target .", "Syd 's Garden will be \" laced with little clues \" about the singer , according to Stephen Pyle . Designed as a restful area for patients and staff , will open in the grounds of Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018 . Barrett , a founder member of Pink Floyd , died in 2006 after living locally as a semi-recluse . Read more Cambridgeshire stories here The garden has been designed by sculptor Mr Pyle and Paul Herrington , a garden designer . charity , Art Garden Health , creates and maintains green spaces for NHS hospitals at no public cost . Addenbrooke 's offered a plot a year ago - and fundraising got under way . Mr Pyle knew Barrett as a young man when the two began Saturday art classes at Cambridge 's Homerton College . were also members of band Those Without , toured Cambridge youth clubs and pubs between 1963 and 1965 . studied together at the Cambridge School of Art before Barrett left for London - and Mr Pyle began a career in theatre set design . \" Syd 's sister said liked roses ,\" said Mr Pyle . \" And 'll be a striped colour theme , fans will recognise . \" The artwork on first solo album is turquoise and orange , and Paul worked with those colours . \" 's also a nod to Abbey Road 's crossing . \" The centrepiece will be a circular sculpture , depicting a teenage Barrett on a bicycle , armed with a guitar and a paint palette . \" This was the Syd knew at art school ,\" said Mr Pyle . \" The 18-year-old , the free wheeler . \" was n't ambitious for glory , just very creative and anarchic . was very charismatic - and very , very talented . \" described Barrett as a \" celebrated son of Cambridge \" , returned to the city and lived as a recluse until death in 2006 . In October 2016 a specially-designed artwork unveiled in the foyer of the Cambridge Corn Exchange in October 2016 , where played last live gig . A blue plaque was also dedicated to in Cambridge as part of BBC Music Day 2017 .", "The footage shows Mr Duterte and supporters making light of the assault by prison inmates in 1989 when was town mayor . said the female missionary was so beautiful that \" the mayor should have been first \" . Critics say this shows Mr Duterte is \" unfit \" for the office of president . Mr Duterte 's supporters however have dismissed the comments as a joke . The candidate is known for irreverent speeches and boasts of sexual conquests . One recent poll had leading over other contenders ahead of the 9 May election . The rape comments in a YouTube video are the latest in a string of inflammatory statements - including the proposed mass executions of suspected criminals - made by Mr Duterte . In the video refers to the missionary was murdered while ministering in a prison in the city of Davao in the southern Philippines and goes on to make remark to laughter at a campaign rally . President Benigno Aquino 's spokesman Herminio Coloma said the comments reflected Mr Duterte 's \" lack of fitness for the presidency \" and \" utter lack of respect for women \" . A rival presidential candidate , Vice-President Jejomar Binay , called the comments revolting . \" are a crazy maniac does n't respect women and does n't deserve to be president ,\" Mr Binay told Mr Duterte in a statement . Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) Deputy Asia Director Phil Robertson said the comments \" were a disgusting endorsement of sexual violence \" for Mr Duterte should be utterly condemned . In 2015 , HRW described Mr Duterte as the death squad mayor for tactics in dealing with violent crime in Davao , with more than 1,000 people being killed .", "The images were all taken from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April and the contest was open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone . The overall winner was Paolo Ferla took \" Electric Bristol \" - a picture of the Clifton Suspension Bridge . Megan Witty , from 24 Hours In Bristol , said the judges had had \" an incredibly tough job \" picking a winner . The competition involves entrants being \" randomly allocated \" one hour of the day or night in must take at least one photograph . Mr Ferla , from Bath , said was \" delighted \" to have won . said used a 10 second self-timer and then ran into the shot . \" Ten seconds is not very long so took quite a few attempts - when got there the sky was still quite bright , so sat there for nearly 20 minutes waiting for the sky to get darker . \" 's a beautiful bridge and as soon as the sun sets on and the sky gets darker and the electric lights come on - just comes to life . \" Ms Witty said the six judges \" did n't always agree \" and one said had been \" heartbreaking \" for some not to win . said about 75 % were taken on cameras and about 25 % on mobile phones . The exhibition is at the Harbourside Arts Centre near Millennium Square and runs until the middle of June .", "The world 's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $ 94.6bn , down 2 % , and net earnings of $ 4.9bn , 5 % lower . said revenues were likely to slip further in 2017 , to between $ 90.5bn and $ 92.5bn . But the US company also expects to deliver more commercial aircraft and to improve earnings per share . \" Looking forward , team is intent on accelerating productivity and programme execution ,\" said chairman and chief executive Dennis Muilenburg . In the period , Boeing made 748 commercial aircraft deliveries , down from 762 in 2015 , claiming to have led the market for \" the fifth consecutive year \" . also delivered fewer military planes - in particular , new CH-47 Chinook helicopter and F / A-18 fighter jet - while sales in the division slipped 7 % . Revenue also fell in the firm 's space and services divisions because of weaker demand for satellites and aircraft modernisation . However , overall group earnings surged 59 % in the fourth quarter of the year as demand for the company 's commercial planes ticked up . Boeing also projected higher commercial deliveries this year of between 760 and 765 aircraft . The company 's shares were up by more than 2 % in early trading in New York .", "Cassells won the title with fellow Coleraine man Peter Chambers last year . Chambers , meanwhile , helped the British four take silver behind defending world and European champions Switzerland . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and GB team-mates were fifth in the quadruple sculls final with Alan Campbell third in the B single scull final . London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist Campbell said afterwards that had been suffering badly from hay fever over the weekend in Germany . Cassells and Scrimgeour dominated the lightweight pair final and had over three seconds to spare from Denmark at the finish . The lightweight pair is a non-Olympic boat class but Cassells and Scrimgeour will have reminded the Great Britain coaches of selection claims for the lightweight four . Chambers , Mark Aldred , Jonno Clegg and Chris Bartley led the fours final at the halfway stage before the Swiss took control to win by a length . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and Great Britain crew mates Rosamund Bradbury , Jess Leyden and Kristina Stiller were going along well in fourth place before catching a crab just before the halfway mark stalled the boat momentarily . eventually finished fifth behind winners Germany and will now finalise preparations for the Olympic qualifying regatta in Lucerne in a fortnight 's time . was success for Ireland in the men 's lightweight double sculls when brothers Gary and Paul O'Donovan from County Cork rowed through leaders Norway in the closing 500m to clinch gold . Reigning world champions France and silver medallists Great Britain - Coleraine 's Richard Chambers and Will Fletcher - were missing from the field but that does n't detract from a memorable moment for Irish rowing . was a second medal for Ireland in the women 's single sculls when London Olympian Sanita Puspure took bronze behind scullers from Austria and Latvia .", "Australia had a first-innings lead of 155 runs after bowling hosts out for 105 in Pune . The tourists scored 285 in the second innings , setting India a record target of 441 to win . However , India were all out for 107 as lost inside three days , with left-arm spinner Steve O'Keefe taking 6-35 . On a turning pitch , O'Keefe also took 6-35 in the first innings , while fellow spinner Nathan Lyon snared five wickets in total - with figures of 4-53 in the second innings - as Australia 's spin duo outperformed Indian counterparts . Visiting captain Steve Smith also played a key part in the victory as scored 109 in the second innings , maiden Test century in India . The win was Australia 's first in India since 2004 . \" 'm really proud of how boys have performed ,\" said Smith . \" O'Keefe was absolutely outstanding in the match . \" India captain Virat Kohli was critical of team , describing as \" worst batting display in two years \" . \" got outplayed in this match . have to take on the chin ,\" added . \" never took for granted but were never good enough during the three days . \" India , the top-ranked Test team , have not lost a home Test series since 2012 and the second match starts in Bangalore on Saturday , 4 March .", "Jockey James Best edged ahead on the Neil Mulholland-trained seven-year-old ( 25-1 ) and held on to finish half a length clear . Last year 's winner Theatre Guide ( 11-1 ) had to settle for third , with Double Shuffle ( 11-2 ) finishing second . \" 's days like this mean so much , this is the biggest day of racing career ,\" said Best . \" 've no idea how much means and how grateful am to be given an opportunity on a day like this . \" was a slight blip in the celebrations as Best was unshipped shortly after the line . added : \" 'd done celebrating , was trying to pull up . delivered as late as dare , with the fact is so quirky , and sure enough 's dropped shoulder - have to expect the unexpected with . \"", "The research was carried out by scientists from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland , University College Dublin , the University of Edinburgh and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . say shows the divergence may have began 360 years ago . also suggests Travellers are closely connected to Irish settled people . The researchers found that any genetic disparities between Travellers and settled people in the Republic are largely due to remaining genetically isolated for several centuries and numbers decreasing . is thought are about 30,000 people living in the Republic of Ireland are members of the Travelling community , representing 0.6 % of the total population . Previously had been thought that Travellers had become displaced between 1845 and 1852 as a result of the Great Famine . \" The findings confirm that the Irish Traveller population has an Irish ancestry and this comes at a time where the ethnicity of Travellers is being considered by the Irish state ,\" the Royal College of Surgeons' Prof Gianpiero Cavalleri said . \" is important to emphasise that although Irish Travellers show clear features of a genetic isolate , are genetically very close to settled people in Ireland . \" is also interesting to observe that the isolation of Travellers from settled people predates the Great Famine . \" However 's important to emphasise that research estimates the beginning of the social divergence of the Travelling community , rather than origin . \" DNA samples from 42 Irish Travellers were compared with that of 143 European Roma , 2,232 settled Irish , 2,039 British , 5,964 European and 931 individuals from the rest of the world for the study . Several genetic dating methods were also used to estimate the period when the travelling community began to split genetically from the settled population in Ireland .", "The stretch of road on the A890 was closed following rock falls last month , before was later partially reopened . Highland Council said work to further stabilise rock in the area would continue over the next two to three weeks . The local authority is seeking a long term solution to the bypass .", "The bodies of Ronald Kidd , 40 , and Holly Alexander , 37 , were discovered at a tenement in Rosefield Street , in the city 's west end , at about 21:00 on Sunday . The property was sealed off by police while detectives and scenes of crimes officers investigated . The man is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Wednesday . Detectives said a review of CCTV in the are was being carried out , while house-to-house inquiries are continuing . Police have also appealed for anyone with information to come forward . Det Insp Brian Geddes , is leading the investigation , said : \" would be keen to hear from anyone heard or saw anything suspicious in the Rosefield Street area , in the days between Thursday 8 December 2016 and Sunday 11 December 2016 . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 21-year-old 's success also guaranteed Britain a berth in the event at the Rio 2016 Olympics . The Brownlee brothers did not compete , with focus on this year 's World Series competition and the Rio Olympic test event . Benson completed the event in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds . was ahead of Portugal 's Joao Silva (+ 11 seconds ) and Rostyslav Pevtsov (+ 33secs ) of Azerbaijan . After a strong swim , British team-mates Bishop ( 16th ) and Philip Graves ( 46th ) played a crucial role in helping Benson to the lead during the cycling phase . During the 10km run broke free from the chasing pack and although the Leeds-based triathlete was briefly caught by Aleksandr Latin of Estonia soon re-established lead . \" could n't have done without Tom and Phil ,\" said Benson . \" was a real team effort . 's a shame could n't all get medals - but getting the gold is brilliant . \" London 2012 gold medallist Alistair Brownlee and world title-winning brother Jonny are expected to secure further Rio Olympic places for Team GB through performances at the qualification event in Brazil in August . Benson will now hope to be included in World Series races and the Rio test event in order to enhance prospects of a place in the squad for the Rio Olympics . Triathlon , consisted of a 1.5km swim , 40km cycle and 10km run in the European Games , is one of three sports included in Baku 2015 have direct qualification possibilities for next year 's Olympics in Brazil .", "The museum closed last October to allow work to upgrade the building and provide more display space . About half of the project 's \u00a3 66m cost is being funded by the council . In April 2015 , the council provided \u00a3 5.7m to kick-start the building 's revamp , houses treasures donated to the city by collector Sir William Burrell in 1944 . The Burrell collection consists of more than 8,000 artefacts but fewer than a fifth of have been on show at any one time . When re-opens to visitors in 2020 , the basement of the building will become part of the exhibition space , so that 90 % of the objects can be viewed by the public . The Heritage Lottery Fund has given \u00a3 15m to the project and the UK government has also contributed \u00a3 5m . is hoped a fundraising campaign will raise the rest . Cllr Archie Graham said : \" Sir William 's great legacy has been described as the greatest gift a city has ever received and have a moral duty to ensure is housed in the finest of buildings . \"", "Swindale Beck , near Haweswater , was straightened to clear land for grazing , but the resultant faster flows washed gravel away , making less easy for salmon and trout to spawn . During summer a stretch was filled in and replaced with a meandering course . In December , 16 salmon were spotted , along with five redds - disturbed gravel where eggs had been laid . The bend restoration project , involving United Utilities , the RSPB , Natural England and the Environment Agency , was also aimed at alleviate flooding by slowing the flow of water through the valley . Lee Schofield , RSPB site manager at Haweswater , said : \" Habitat restoration is often a slow process and normally do n't see the benefits of work for years and sometimes even decades . \" 's really uplifting and inspiring to work on a project where get the chance to experience success so soon after 've finished . \"", "The French authorities say the Airbus A310 , set off from the Yemeni capital , should not have been allowed to fly , the AFP news agency reports . Most of the 152 people killed in the crash were French citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros . was just one survivor - a teenage girl was rescued from the sea . Many of the passengers were travelling to the Comoros , but had begun journey in Paris or Marseille on another jet operated by the national airline of Yemen , before boarding flight IY626 in Sanaa . An association of the victims' families , AFVCA , has welcomed the charge . \" 's a great relief for the families of the victims have waited four and a half years ,\" a spokesman for the association told the BBC . \" Now the company will finally be forced to face up to responsibilities . \" Yemenia has previously said that bad weather - strong winds and high seas - was the more likely cause of the crash . The carrier is not included on the current European Union list of banned airlines . The crash caused anger amongst the Comorian community in France as people complained that the aircraft had been in poor condition . The plane was banned from French airspace after inspectors found numerous faults in 2007 , according to the then transport minister , Dominique Bussereau . Several European countries had also found a number of problems when inspected Yemenia aircraft prior to the crash . Officials from Yemen have previously said the plane had undergone a thorough inspection and conformed to international standards .", "The 31-year-old Brazil forward , better known just by first name , has signed a two-year contract with an option of a third . has recently been playing in Sweden for FC Rosengard . Marta was part of the Brazil side lost in the 2007 World Cup final to Germany in China . Marta won five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006-2010 and has finished in the top three of the voting in every year from 2004-2014 . Orlando City chief executive Alex Leitao said : \" are incredibly proud to bring Marta to Orlando , and am personally very excited as have been a fan of for many years . \" technical team worked hard to add the best , most accomplished women 's soccer player in the world to the roster . \"", "The only French side in Super League had lost last five matches in a row including the 18-10 late defeat by Huddersfield at Magic Weekend . Frayssinous , 40 , is a former Catalans and France stand-off became the first French coach of the club when replaced Trent Robinson in 2012 . Coaches Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan and general manager Alex Chan will take charge of the first team .", "Prince Jacques is next in line to the Monaco throne , a rich principality on the southern French coast . A statement said both babies were doing well . Gabriella was born first , with Jacques arriving two minutes later . father is Prince Albert II , 56 , son of the late Hollywood actress , Grace Kelly . Charlene , 36 , is a Zimbabwean-born former Olympic swimmer . The couple married in 2011 . The prince has two other children but are excluded from the throne because were born outside of marriage . Ahead of the birth , Prince Albert said that the first child to be delivered would become next-in-line , if the twins were the same sex . But since the twins are mixed sex , Jacques takes the role , due to Monaco 's laws of succession favouring males . The gender of the twins had been kept a secret even from father during Charlene 's pregnancy . Forty-two canon shots were fired to mark the babies' arrival , 21 for each infant . is the first time twins have been born to Monaco 's royal family since was founded in the 13th Century .", "Foster 's time of 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification as finished second in first-round heat . However , Smyth exited from the men 's 100m as finished fifth in heat in 10.66 - . 44 secs outside best . Reid , meanwhile , false started in heat and was disqualified . Paralympic star Smyth , 27 , appeared to start well in heat four but faded after 50m as finished fifth in 10.66 seconds . \" got out of the blocks really well and was in a good position in the early stages , however , then tightened up and people started to pass ,\" explained Smyth . \" was hoping to do better but still have n't fully recovered from hamstring injury . \"[ But ] has been an incredible experience for to represent Northern Ireland at the Commonwealth Games as missed out on Delhi because of injury . \" London-born Reid 's first Northern Ireland outing proved a brief affair as false started in heat three . Reid , 20 , switched allegiance to Northern Ireland in February as mother hails from the province . Birchfield Harrier Reid won European Junior Championship 200m silver last year and main focus in Glasgow will be the longer sprint . Smyth is also scheduled to run the 200m at these championships but the Londonderry man 's 2014 season has been badly affected by hamstring trouble and the 100m is regarded as stronger event . A time of 10.45secs would have secured a fastest loser 's progression to Monday 's semi-finals . Foster looked to be in a tricky heat but time of 11.62 - despite being . 22secs outside best - earned second spot behind Australia 's Melissa Breen [ 11.54 ] . On the opening date of athletics action at the Games , Northern Ireland hopeful Gladys Ganiel produced a gutsy run to take 12th in the women 's marathon with finishing time of 2 hours 40.29 minutes , only 57 seconds outside personal best set in Berlin last September . The American-born runner was making first appearance at a major championship at the age of 37 . Ganiel is not a full-time athlete and day job is working as an assistant professor in conflict resolution and reconciliation at Trinity College , Dublin . Kenyan Flomena Cheyech Daniel took the gold medal in 2:26.45 ahead of compatriot Caroline Kilel [ 2:27.10 ] with Australia 's Jess Trengove [ 2:30.12 ] winning the bronze .", "Smoke bombs were let off and bricks thrown as police turned out in force to oversee hundreds of far-right demonstrators marching through town . clashed with anti-fascist demonstrators , leaving five people with minor injuries . Kent Police said seized more than 20 weapons including a knuckle duster . Police said operation ended at 17:00 GMT after had arrested individuals for possession of offensive weapons , breaching the peace and public order offences . Banners and placards carried by the right-wing marchers included those from the North West National Front , neo-Nazi organisation Combat 18 and the Scottish Defence League . Counter-demonstrators included members of Kent Anti-Racism Network , anti-fascist group Antifa and people with Socialist Worker placards . were addressed by Diane Abbott , shadow secretary of state for international development . Earlier , six people were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder at a service station on the M20 was closed after several coaches believed to be on the way to the demonstrations were damaged . Police said officers were called to a disturbance at Maidstone services at junction eight at 10:51 GMT . Two coaches had swastikas daubed on in blood following a clash between two rival groups . A coach left the scene was stopped at junction 11 services at Westenhanger . During the day police took away weapons including a knife , pieces of wood , glass , hammers and bricks . A police spokesman said could not comment on the motives of those involved , or groups may or may not have been a part of . Police warned on Friday the demonstrations were expected to attract large numbers of protesters , with businesses and residents told to expect disruption .", "Douglas Carswell also told the BBC 's Sunday Politics that the party needed to ensure got the \" tone \" right in order to attract more voters . comes after Mr Carswell said in an article in the Times on Saturday that Mr Farage \" needs to take a break now \" . A bitter internal row has developed within UKIP after Mr Farage 's resignation was rejected by the party . Mr Carswell said : \" 'm suggesting takes a break as leader . 'm not suggesting takes a break from being leader . \" Clearly the national executive has the authority , 're the ruling body . \" 'm told that made a decision . 'm told was a procedurally correct decision , is the leader but think 's important that as leader takes a break and think 's important that work out how these complex questions are answered by a team . \" No one person has all the answers . 'm particularly concerned about tone , making sure get a tone ensures that the 27 million people did n't vote for UKIP last week may be persuaded to vote for in future . \" The party has been beset by wrangling since Mr Farage agreed to stay on as leader , days after standing down after failing to get elected in Thanet South . had pledged before the general election that would quit the post if failed to get elected to Parliament . Senior aide Matthew Richardson has left the party , following claims from MEP Patrick O'Flynn that Mr Farage had fallen under the influence of \" inexperienced \" advisers . UKIP has also confirmed the departure of Mr Farage 's chief of staff Raheem Kassam . Mr Farage ruled out quitting as leader on BBC 's Question Time on Thursday , saying had \" phenomenal \" support , and has challenged critics to decide whether want to stay in the party . In article , Mr Carswell had said that \" knowing how difficult is to lead a party makes admire Nigel Farage all the more \" . \" know that never could ,\" added , stressing that would find \" impossible to simultaneously lead UKIP , be the voice of the party in the Commons , represent Clacton constituents and at the same time be a husband and a dad \" . However , said that \" even leaders need to take a break \" , adding : \" Nigel needs to take a break now . \" UKIP got nearly four million votes at the election , but returned only one MP - former Conservative Mr Carswell in the Clacton constituency .", "About 80,000 works of art , ceramics , manuscripts , letters and photographs faced being auctioned to help pay off the pottery firm 's pension debt . But a public fundraising campaign launched in September hit target in just a month . Adminstrators Begbies Traynor said the collection will remain on display at the museum in Barlaston , Staffordshire . The Art Fund , led the campaign , will gift the collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum , before is loaned to the Wedgwood Museum . Administrator Bob Young said had been \" incredibly satisfying \" to sign off on the sale on Monday . \" Today 's fantastic outcome would n't have been possible without the spirit of goodwill and determination shown during the often complex negotiations ,\" said . The Wedgwood Museum inherited Waterford Wedgwood plc 's pension bill after the firm collapsed in 2009 . In 2010 the museum also went into administration , and in 2011 a high court judge ruled collection could be sold to reimburse the Pension Protection Fund . Alison Wedgwood , husband Tom is a direct descendant of company founder Josiah Wedgwood , said the collection was \" important \" for Staffordshire . The collection risked being \" sold and scattered around the globe \" had the money not been raised , added . Tristram Hunt MP , was involved in the campaign , said the sale was \" fantastic news \" . \" The items contained within the Wedgwood collection chart a significant part of Britain 's cultural development over centuries and play a crucial part in defining national identity today ,\" said .", "stature is built on geographical size ( twice that of France and Germany combined ) , prestige as the custodian of the birthplace of Islam and colossus status as an oil producer - with a quarter of the world 's proven reserves under deserts . importance as an oil exporting nation has made economic interdependence with the West - where the main consumer demand is found - a necessity . This , in turn , has led to strong political and military relationships at times have been a source of awkwardness for both sides . stands out for espousal of a puritan version of Sunni Islam , including harsh punishments such as public beheadings , and restrictions on women . Population 28.7 million Area 2.24 million sq km ( 864,869 sq miles ) Major language Arabic Major religion Islam Life expectancy 73 years ( men ) , 76 years ( women ) Currency Riyal Head of state , prime minister : King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud The Al Saud dynasty holds a monopoly of political power . Saudi Arabia was established in 1932 by King Abd-al-Aziz and has been succeeded by various sons . King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud ascended the throne in January 2015 following the death of half-brother , King Abdullah . has been part of the ruling clique of princes for decades and is thought likely to continue the main thrusts of Saudi strategic policy , including maintaining the alliance with the United States and working towards energy market stability . Saudi investors are major players in the pan-Arab TV industry , but the country has one of the region 's most tightly-controlled media environments . The government openly acknowledges that widespread internet filtering takes place . targets \" pornographic \" , Islam-related , human rights and political sites . Saudi Arabia has the highest per-capita YouTube use of any country in the world . is reportedly home to more than 40 % of all active Twitter users in the Arab region . Some key events in Saudi Arabia 's history : 1932 - The areas controlled by King Abd-al-Aziz are unified under the name Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . 1938 - Oil is discovered and production begins under the US-controlled Aramco ( Arabian American Oil Company ) . 1960 - Saudi Arabia is a founding member of Opec ( Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ) . 1973 - Saudi Arabia leads an oil boycott against the Western countries supported Israel in the October War against Egypt and Syria . Oil prices quadruple . 2001 11 September - 15 of the 19 hijackers involved in attacks on New York and Washington are Saudi nationals . 2011 - As '' Arab Spring '' protests ripple across the region , Saudi troops participate in crackdown on unrest in Bahrain . 2015 March - Saudi Arabia launches campaign of air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen .", "The NSPCC 's Childline service said counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year compared to about 2,400 in 2011-12 . The total number suffering online abuse is thought to be far higher . Some children as young as seven told Childline how were tormented , abused and scared to go to school . The charity said online trolls caused misery and humiliation for thousands of children . Childline 's president Dame Esther Rantzen said the figures should be a wake-up call . \" Bullying can wreck young people 's lives , especially now that the bullies do n't stop at the school gates ,\" said . \" Cyber-bullying can follow home until becomes a persecution cannot escape . \" is imperative that adults , parents and teachers , intervene to protect , because have learned over the years from Childline callers that bullying does not stop on own , left alone gets worse . \" Schools must take this problem seriously , and above all children must ask for help . \" The report is being released at the start of Anti-Bullying Week is coordinated by the Anti Bullying Alliance . The group is working with parents , schools and other organisations to help combat the problem . One young person contacted Childline said : \" might sound like not much of a problem but 's a group of people play with online and told to kill . wo n't kill but upsets . \" parents do n't realise how upset 's making and tell to stand up for or just not play anymore but do n't know how hard that is . \" do n't know why have suddenly started picking on but hurts so much . \" Advice given by young people on dealing with bullying includes :", "The girl was forced into a vehicle in Bishop 's Stortford at about 20:30 GMT on 16 February and dropped off near the town 's railway station the following morning . An E-fit image of the attacker has now been released . Police said the attack had caused \" concern within the community \" . The girl was forced into a dark-coloured vehicle , thought to be a Land Rover , and taken to an unknown location , believed to be outside the county of Hertfordshire , where was sexually assaulted . Ch Insp Gerry McDonald of Hertfordshire Police said : \" believe local people hold the key to investigation . \" This is an extremely serious matter and one , understandably , has caused concern within the community . \" have conducted a number of inquiries in the local area but would ask anyone was around between the times mentioned and has not yet spoken to police to contact if have any information may assist investigation . \" would like to reiterate that this is an unusual incident and would reassure everyone that investigations into this incident are a priority . \"", "The cygnets and mother had recently become a familiar sight around Lisnarick , outside Irvinestown . Pat Masterson , lives in Lisnarick , photographed the swans shortly before were killed on Tuesday evening . \" When saw mother walking along the road , all in line , stopped to take a picture ,\" said Ms Masterson . \" 've visited farm every day over the last few weeks so 've photographed before , but thought that the way the wee cygnets were following mother was just so lovely had to stop and watch . \" still ca n't believe that were run over so soon after . \" Enniskillen-based vet Kevin Leonard , happened to be passing moments after the birds were killed , said was shocked by saw . \" The five of were just lying in a row behind the mother , was injured as well . \" Four of were dead and the fifth was so badly mangled had to put down with an injection . \" The sixth one only had minor injuries , so gave an anti-biotic cream and guided into a nearby field alongside mother . \" was actually quite an upsetting sight . ca n't believe killed just drove on . \" Paul Hoy , had also stopped when saw the dead swans , assisted the vet in moving to safety . said was \" disgusted \" by saw . \" A girl was there said saw the car running down and driving on . \" 're all wondering how this could have been an accident - 's a 30mph speed limit there and was n't dark so the swans were very visible . \" If ca n't see six swans on the road , are the chances 'll see a child ? As native wild birds , swans enjoy statutory protection under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and is an offence to intentionally injure , take or kill a wild swan . The act similarly protects the eggs and nests of swans . is an offence to take or possess the egg of a wild mute swan , or to damage or destroy the nest of a mute swan whilst in use or being built . The RSPB said anyone witnesses an offence against swans or other wildlife should contact police Wildlife Liaison Officer through local police station .", "In May , Punch Taverns halted plans for The Corn Exchange , in Crickhowell , after protests led to villagers launching own bid to buy . In a statement , Corn Exchange Action Group said were thrilled Punch Taverns had agreed the deal . About 180 people will become joint-owners after is signed . The plan is to set up a new company , Corn Exchange Crickhowell Ltd , to try to secure planning permission to turn the building into independent shops with flats above . The group said enough money has been pledged to cover the agreed price of \u00a3 300,000 plus VAT , but \" more funds will probably be needed to refurbish the building \" . Dean Christy , chairman of Corn Exchange Community Investment Group , has been leading the negotiations with Punch Taverns , said : \" This is great news for everyone wants to ensure the future of High Street . \" Emma Bevan , chair of the action group , said : \" were right to stand up against the plans for a supermarket in High Street - now can create something will make community proud . \" In a statement , Punch Taverns said : \" recognise the strength of feeling in Crickhowell about the town centre and independent traders and at Punch are delighted that have been able to reach an agreement , subject to contract , satisfies all sides . \"", "Between 2012 and 2015 , cases of syphilis increased by 76 % , from 3,001 to 5,288 , while gonorrhoea infections rose by 53 % , from 26,880 to 41,193 , Public Health England data reveals . The rise was notable among men have sex with men . At the same time , rates of genital warts decreased , thanks to a vaccination campaign . Rates of sexually transmitted infections as a group also went down slightly , totalling 434,456 . But experts say this could be because fewer people came forward for testing . Chlamydia was the most commonly diagnosed STI , accounting for nearly half of the cases diagnosed in 2015 . Young people are routinely offered chlamydia screening , but only 13 % of young men and 32 % of young women were tested in 2015 . The large fall in genital warts - a 7 % drop - was seen in young women , and experts say this was probably because of the national human papilloma virus vaccination programme . All girls aged 12 to 13 are offered the jab as part of the NHS childhood vaccination programme . The FPA charity 's chief executive , Natika Halil , said boys should be offered the vaccine too , is something ministers are considering . Genevieve Edwards , of Marie Stopes UK , said the statistics should \" set alarm bells ringing \" about the availability of sexual health services for young people and men have sex with men . \" have to keep a focus on preventing sexual ill health , and providing prompt diagnosis and treatment to those need ,\" added . The British Association for Sexual Health and HIV said the continued rise of gonorrhoea was extremely disturbing , given the further spread of drug-resistant infections . Dr Gwenda Hughes , head of STI surveillance at PHE , said : \" need to do more to raise awareness about STIs and how can be prevented , especially the effectiveness of using condoms . \" recommend that anyone having sex with a new or casual partner uses condoms and tests regularly for HIV and STIs . \"", "Belgium 's Gianni Meersman sprinted to victory , while Darwin Atapuma retained overall lead despite being one of the riders caught behind the collision . Colombian Atapuma lost more than a minute , but organisers applied the 3km rule to determine finishing times . Froome and second-placed Alejandro Valverde were part of the bunch sprint having been ahead of the crash . The accident split the pack in the closing stages and ended the race of Dutch rider Steven Kruijswijk , sustained a suspected broken collarbone . was a second win in this year 's Vuelta for Meersman , held off the challenge of Italy 's Fabio Felline and Kevin Reza of France . Team Sky 's Froome is aiming to become the first man in 38 years to win the Vuelta and Tour de France in the same season . 1. Gianni Meersman ( Bel / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 4hrs 16mins 41secs 2. Laurent Didier ( Lux / Trek ) same time 3. Kevin Reza ( Fra / FDJ ) 4. Luis Leon Sanchez ( Spa / Astana ) 5. Zico Waeytens ( Bel / Giant ) 6. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) 7. Romain Hardy ( Fra / Cofidis ) 8. Jempy Druecker ( Lux / BMC Racing ) 9. Kenneth Vanbilsen ( Bel / Cofidis ) 10. Jose Goncalves ( Por / Caja Rural ) 1. Darwin Atapuma ( Col / BMC ) 17hrs 39mins 52secs 2. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) + 28secs 3 Chris Froome ( GB / Team Sky ) + 32secs 4. Nairo Quintana ( Col / Movistar ) + 38secs 5. Esteban Chaves ( Col / Orica ) same time 6. Gonzalez Sanchez ( Spa / BMC ) + 1min 7secs 7. Andujar Fernandez ( Spa / Movistar ) + 1min 10secs 8. Leopold Konig ( Cze / Team Sky ) + 1min 12secs 9. Peter Kennaugh ( GB / Team Sky ) + 1min 14secs 10. Gianluca Brambilla ( Ita / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 1min 22secs", "Nats Prestwick expects to handle more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season this year - an increase of 15,000 on last year . The company has announced a \u00c2 \u00a3 600m investment in a new computer system . But says government support is needed to improve the network of \" ageing \" flightpaths . Paul Peers , head of development at Nats Prestwick , said : \" are predicted to have the highest amount of traffic have ever had for a summer period this year . \" are expecting to have around 15,000 more flights just in July and August compared to last year . \" are ready for that and controllers have been doing a great job up to this point making sure that minimise the delays people see and making sure that keep people safe in the skies . \" have been preparing for this since November , so the summer does n't come as a surprise to , and have a series of events to make sure controllers are ready for the summer traffic . \" Indeed , this year , the build-up in traffic has helped with that because 've had record days already controllers have dealt with extremely well . \" But one of the big challenges for is the design of the airspace in the future and the traffic growth . \" added : \" are investing over \u00c2 \u00a3 600m over the next few years in the technology systems . \" In fact , at the Prestwick centre are proud to say that have the first version of iTec , new flight data processing system , in operation already and that is the first in the UK . \" The skies are getting fuller every year and are expecting to see increased traffic growth . \" But if think about the airspace as effectively motorways in the sky , if think about 1970s motorways with today 's car traffic , are in a similar scenario . \" are going to have to redesign airspace and are going to need government support to make sure can do that in the right way . \"", "follows 55,000 job cuts announced earlier this year . The losses will come in Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) , is splitting from the printer and PC business . The company says the cuts will save $ 2.7bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.76bn ) in annual costs , although the plan will cost $ 2.7bn to carry out . At a meeting for Wall Street analysts , chairman and chief executive Meg Whitman said : \" 've done a significant amount of work over the past few years to take costs out and simplify processes and these final actions will eliminate the need for any future corporate restructuring . \" The new structure proposed by Ms Whitman sees HP Enterprise focusing primarily on businesses and government agencies , and the PC and printing divisions on the consumer market . The company currently has more than 300,000 employees . \" The number is sadly larger than some people might have expected , but think 's a reflection of how much trouble HP has been having with services ,\" said Charles King , analyst at the Silicon Valley IT consulting firm Pund-IT . \" 'm frankly not sure if HP is finished with the layoffs . \" The company will not say where the cuts will fall , but part of the plan involves changing the nature of the workforce . The proportion of workers in HPE calls \" low-cost locations \" is expected to rise from around 42 % now to 60 % by 2018 . The tech company has struggled over the last decade to keep up with changing demands as customers move away from desktop computers . However , Hewlett-Packard is still one of the world 's largest technology companies , with revenues this year expected to top $ 50bn . The company famously started life in a Palo Alto garage in California in 1939 and grew to be the guiding light of became known as Silicon Valley . fortunes started to decline with a series of expensive and much criticised acquisitions including Compaq for $ 25bn in 2002 , consultants EDS for $ 14bn in 2008 and Autonomy for $ 11bn in 2011 . In 2012 lost position as the world 's leading supplier of PCs to Lenovo . The share price peaked at the height of the dot.com boom in 2000 , and , despite two surges in 2007 and 2010 , has lost some 60 % of value since then .", "Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( YAS ) figures show medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at A & E departments in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15 . YAS said waiting time \" was one of the most significant issues \" faced . A shortage of available hospital beds has been given as one of the problems causing knock-on delays at A & E . Dr David Macklin , Executive Director of Operations at YAS , said handover waiting times were \" a system problem \" for the NHS , not just in Yorkshire , and said blame could not be attached to individual hospitals . \" have numerous occasions where have multiple vehicles queued at hospitals ,\" said . \" Emergency departments across Yorkshire are working incredibly hard to manage demand and that means sometimes ambulances are queuing . \" Patients are not seriously injured may need to wait . \" Professor Keith Willett from NHS England said the increase in waiting times was \" concerning \" and added were \" a multitude of reasons \" for the rise . \" One of the biggest problems is the pressure on the beds in the hospital ,\" said . \" That 's because the hospitals are finding increasingly difficult to move patients and care back into the community . \" The figures were supplied after a Freedom of Information request by the BBC . Just five hospitals - one each in East , South and West Yorkshire and two in North Yorkshire - accounted for about 70 % of the total waiting time . The handover time is counted only after 15 minutes have elapsed at A & E . The number of hours spent by the YAS to handover patients was about 12,000 In 2013-14 and about 16,000 in 2014-15 . Hull Royal Infirmary ( East Yorkshire ) 6,436 Northern General ( Sheffield , South Yorkshire ) 4,329 Pinderfields ( Wakefield , West Yorkshire ) 3,954 Scarborough District General 3,831 York District Hospital 3,384", "Kerry Reeves died two days after being shot in Abingdon on 3 November . Billy Johnson , 20 , from Ripon Court , Corby , Northamptonshire , and Charles Noble , 20 , from Kempton Avenue , Northolt , Ealing , have both been charged with murder . appeared at Oxford Magistrates' Court and will next appear at Oxford Crown Court on Monday . Ms Reeves , 26 , was found in Thornhill Walk . was taken to the John Radcliffe Hospital in a critical condition where later died . A post-mortem examination was carried out on Monday , where the preliminary cause of death was given as a gunshot wound to the head .", "died at home in Cambridge following an illness lasting several months , a statement on website said . added funeral will be private , with a memorial service to be held at a later date . Hogwood worked with many leading orchestras around the world and was considered one of the most influential exponents of the early-music movement . The conductor founded the Academy of Ancient Music ( AAM ) in 1973 and directed the academy across six continents for some 30 years . The AAM also made more than 200 CDs , including the first-ever complete cycle of Mozart symphonies on period instruments . Among most famous recordings include the 1980 version of Handel 's Messiah with Emma Kirkby and Carolyn Watkinson , was named by BBC Music Magazine as one of the top 20 recordings of all time . Hogwood studied keyboard at Cambridge University with Rafael Puyana and Mary Potts and later with Zuzana Ruzickova and Gustav Leonhardt . first positions were as a keyboard player and musicologist with the Academy of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields under Sir Neville Marriner , and was a founder member of the Early Music Consort of London . was the artistic director of the King 's Lynn Festival and Boston 's Handel and Haydn Society . was also a tutor at Harvard University , honorary professor of music at the University of Cambridge and a professor-at-large at Cornell University in the US . \" Christopher had extraordinary generosity of spirit ,\" Christopher Purvis , honorary president of the AAM , said . \" was a great ambassador for historically informed music , the movement of was a founder . And was happy to see the orchestra founded develop and grow after stepped down as director . \" The AAM 's music director Richard Egarr added : \" am deeply saddened by the news of Christopher 's passing . Christopher provided a fantastic legacy for to build upon when joined in 2006 and know will be greatly missed by all knew and worked with . \" Speaking to Sean Rafferty on Radio 3 's In Tune , soprano Dame Emma Kirkby said : \" Some of the best players now lead orchestras all over the world , started with . \" Chris was a natural academic , an incredibly clever man . had an amazing capacity to absorb information of all kinds and a really sure sense of how things would be if really tried to reproduce conditions ... a very genial person . \" David Thomas from Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance , London added : \" always said want the music to speak for because can , 's good enough , will\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 a very pleasant and lovely man . \"", "Dana was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions , two bears and two tigers in a three-month operation organised by the animal welfare charity Four Paws . Staff found the cub , named Hajar , in cage on Saturday . are now waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a second cub . Dr Amir Khalil , a vet accompanied the animals , told the Associated Press on Sunday that an ultrasound performed in Turkey had shown was carrying two . However , warned that the second cub might already have been born dead and been eaten by Dana . fate will not be known until another ultrasound is carried out on Monday . Four Paws said team had initially been very concerned about whether Dana would accept or kill Hajar because of the enormous stress had endured . \" But luckily that was n't the case . cleaned the cub and nursed ,\" the charity added . \" This is a true sign that feels safe at Al-Mawa . \" Hajar 's gender is unknown because staff have not been able to examine the cub .", "The Chancellor will meet finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to set out more details of the UK 's bid to renegotiate EU membership . Securing German backing is important for the success of British plans for reform . David Cameron has already courted support from Chancellor Angela Merkel . Mr Osborne said : \" The UK and German economies are the beating heart of Europe , the engine for growth and jobs . \" Together make the world 's third-largest economy , behind only America and China , and since the crisis ended , have generated two-thirds of EU growth . \" But the future holds challenges for economies . must cut debt and boost productivity . To do this , need a strong EU , fit for today 's challenges and working for the benefit of all 28 member states . \" The UK 's reform and renegotiation plans aim to achieve this , is why these talks with key partners in Europe are so important . \" Mr Osborne will also visit a Siemens factory in the German capital and address an audience of business leaders at the annual conference of the BDI , the Federation of German Industries . In May Germany 's Chambers of Commerce and Industry warned that a UK exit from the EU would be \" disastrous \" for the two countries . Volker Treier , deputy chief executive of the organisation , told the BBC that German business was \" astonished \" that the UK was planning a referendum on EU membership . David Cameron 's renegotiation plans will be formally debated for the first time by the EU 's 28 leaders at a summit in Brussels in mid-December .", "Mining firm OM Manganese was found guilty on Friday - the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted in Australia for desecration of a sacred site . The site is known as Two Women Sitting Down and is at Bootu Creek , north of Tennant Creek . OM Manganese was fined A $ 150,000 ($ 134,000 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 88,000 ) . Peter Toth , CEO of OM Holdings , owns OM Manganese , said : \" The company never intended to harm , damage or disrespect the sacred site . \" \" sincerely regret the damage and the hurt caused and unreservedly apologise to the site 's custodians and traditional owners ,\" said . Two Women Sitting Down is associated with Australia 's Kunapa people . OM Manganese was accused of causing the collapse of part of the site , including a distinctive rocky outcrop known as the Horse 's Head , in July 2011 . Prosecutors told the Darwin Magistrates Court that the company performed explosive blasting close to the site to break up ground , Australian broadcaster ABC reported . The company was permitted to mine in the area , but was advised to steer clear of sacred sites , and was warned in early 2011 that cracks were appearing in rocks at the Bootu Creek site , the broadcaster said . Dr Ben Scambary , chief executive officer of the Aboriginal Areas Protection Authority , said that the site was of great significance to Australia 's indigenous people . \" This site ... relates to a dreaming story about a marsupial rat and a bandicoot had a fight over bush tucker [ native Australian bush food ],\" said . \" As the creation ancestors fought , blood spilled out , turning the rock a dark-red colour is now associated with manganese . \" Kunapa community representative Gina Smith said : \" will always remain a sacred site to , but has been ruined and do n't know to do because this has never happened to the old people . \" has been there for thousands of years as part of culture and story . \" Indigenous Australians believe the land is the mother of creation , and is a living , breathing mass full of secrets and wisdom , the BBC 's Phil Mercer in Sydney reports .", "K Prithika Yashini , was born male but underwent gender reassignment surgery , applied to become a police sub-inspector in the southern state . But the state police board did not recognise a third gender , leading to pursue a legal case against . A court in Chennai ( Madras ) has now ruled in favour . \" 'm excited ,\" Prithika was quoted as saying by India 's NDTV network . \" 's a new beginning for the entire transgender community . \" A ruling by two judges in Chennai 's high court said : \" The social impact of such recruitment cannot be lost sight of , as would give strength to the case of transgenders . \" Yashini must reach the finish line , and not be stopped and disqualified in the middle . \" India 's supreme court recognised transgender people as a third gender last April , five years after the electoral commission added the category to ballot forms . The ruling meant the government had to provide transgender people with quotas in jobs and education in line with other minorities , as well as key amenities . are an estimated two million transgender people in India . While the Times of India reports that Tamil Nadu police already have three transgender constables on books , reports in other Indian media said Prithika will become the first officer in the country . Prithika was born Pradeep Kumar and left parents' home before completing a computer studies course and undergoing surgery . had wanted to be a police officer since being a child , Indian media said . The court also ruled that the result of a police physical test , Prithika failed after being a second late in a 100-metre dash , was not valid ."], "summary": ["A man has appeared in court after firearms, ammunition and cash were seized by police in Edinburgh.", "Four people accused of kidnapping and torturing a mentally disabled man in a \"racially motivated\" attack streamed on Facebook have been denied bail.", "West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.", "The reaction from BT's investors told us much about media regulator Ofcom's ruling on the fate of Openreach, the BT subsidiary that provides much of the UK's broadband infrastructure.", "Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.", "Queen's University Belfast is cutting 236 jobs and 290 student places due to a funding reduction.", "Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.", "Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson says none of the money from Eunan O'Kane's move to Leeds from Bournemouth will go to the playing squad.", "North Wales Police has been criticised at an inquest for sending an officer to speak to a hospital patient with paranoid schizophrenia.", "Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher has joined Sheffield Wednesday on an initial month-long loan.", "John \"Brad\" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.", "Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.", "Former England striker Andy Cole says he faces a \"long road ahead\" as he recovers from his recent kidney transplant.", "Pakistan has unblocked the video sharing site, YouTube, more than three years after it was banned for posting a video deemed insulting to Islam.", "Leicester Tigers winger Miles Benjamin is likely to be out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury, reports BBC Radio Leicester.", "Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed 218 people, government officials have confirmed.", "All images copyrighted.", "Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined HK$6m (\u00a3460,000) by Hong Kong regulators after it failed to detect a series of unauthorised transactions by one of its traders.", "South African police say four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of former actor on popular local TV series Generations.", "A shot was reportedly fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool as parents were taking their children inside, police have said.", "Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.", "A total of 228 candidates will contest the Northern Ireland Assembly election next month - 48 fewer than last time.", "With the value of the pound falling dramatically since Brexit, a \"flash crash\" last week when the currency lost 6% of its value against the dollar, and news on Tuesday that the pound had fallen again, when would be a good time to change those pounds to dollars?", "A philosophy student who wears vintage clothing has won a national contest for alternative models.", "Plans to move a statue depicting a Royal Marine in the Falklands conflict away from Portsmouth seafront have been criticised.", "A suspected terrorist has been charged with breaching conditions imposed as part of the government's new terror monitoring powers.", "Sussex have appointed former player James Anyon as head coach of their women's side.", "League One side Bury have signed former Barnsley defender Reece Brown on a six-month contract.", "South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($242; \u00c2\u00a3199) a month.", "Azhar Ali's unbeaten 66 helped Pakistan to reach 142-4 against Australia on a rain-affected first day of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.", "Two new councillors have been elected in a by-election in the City of Edinburgh.", "Wales Under-20 Grand Slam winners Shaun Evans and Dafydd Hughes have signed their first professional contracts with Scarlets.", "Fire crews are expected to leave the site of the Shoreham Airshow disaster later after spending nearly three weeks at the scene of the crash.", "White House officials will not say whether pop star Prince performed at a weekend party at the executive residence despite guests posting about it on social media.", "These roads in Northern Ireland are closed due to poor weather conditions as of Friday 15 January.", "US investigators have closed an inquiry into whether To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee was pressured into publishing a sequel.", "The US has said it is suspending talks with Russia over Syria, accusing Moscow of having \"failed to live up\" to its commitments under a ceasefire deal.", "A church in West Yorkshire has recruited a new vicar following a video job advertisement sung by a choir of children.", "Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne says he will be out for about 10 weeks after injuring his right knee during Wednesday's League Cup semi-final victory over Everton.", "A 34-year-old woman who was injured in an attack by a knifeman on a Swiss train has died in hospital, police say.", "A \"reckless drone operator\" is being sought by police after reports of a \"near miss\" between a drone and plane.", "A seal found tangled in nets on an Aberdeenshire beach has been returned to the sea.", "A lifetime of diaries, letters and photographs of a man described as a cross between Indiana Jones, James Bond and Graham Greene has opened to the public.", "Regional official Tim Roache has been elected to become the new general secretary of the GMB union.", "League Two Exeter City made a profit of over \u00a31.6m last year, according to the club's latest accounts.", "Para-athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after a metal throwing cage fell on him during training.", "Manufacturers have reported positive business trends, in the latest survey from the Scottish Chambers of Commerce.", "A computer model of one of the world's tallest three-sided obelisks is being made to find out why it is falling apart.", "Profit jumped at Zara owner Inditex in the first half of the year as the firm opened new stores and invested in online.", "A victim of the Rochdale grooming gang says the convictions were still \"not fazing\" Asian child sex abusers.", "John Lewis's Nottingham store is to remain closed longer than expected after 80,000 litres of hot water leaked from a ruptured heating pipe.", "New Sale Sharks chairman Fran Cotton has conceded they must work to restore their relationship with some fans.", "Disney's latest animation Moana dominated the Thanksgiving box office over the five-day US holiday weekend.", "British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford with a straight-set win over Julia Boserup.", "Two men have been assaulted in Larne, County Antrim, by a gang armed with baseball bats and a hatchet.", "Stuart Bingham may pull out of the Masters if his wife goes into labour with their third child.", "Part of Colwyn Bay pier is to be dismantled after it collapsed into the sea, Conwy council has decided.", "A campaign group has been granted a hearing to examine the case for a judicial review of the decision to build student flats near a beauty spot.", "More human remains have been found near a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.", "Uzbekistan's Hasanboy Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight with victory over Colombian Yuberjen Herney Martinez.", "University lecturers are due to start a two-day strike over pay, amid warnings other staff could join the dispute.", "Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with Yokohama FC at the age of 48.", "Clashes have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.", "Sale Sharks forward Mark Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season to take up a teaching role.", "The quality of care on a scandal-hit ward for dementia patients may have contributed to at least seven deaths, BBC Wales can reveal.", "A 25-year-old man from Limavady has been jailed for knocking out two men in separate attacks on the same night.", "The United States women's team goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for 30 days by US Soccer following an incident during a training camp.", "A barrister who was due to move into his own chambers in Huddersfield has pleaded guilty to supplying cocaine.", "Scottish engineering services company ID Systems Ltd has announced plans to create 120 new jobs after securing a six-figure investment from UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE).", "Actor and broadcaster Sir Tony Robinson has said plans for a tunnel near Stonehenge in Wiltshire are too \"old-fashioned\" in outlook.", "Scunthorpe midfielder Neal Bishop has signed a one-year contract extension.", "A man from Croydon has been charged with murder after the death of his partner last month.", "A Frenchwoman injured in the attack on Tunisia's national museum has died of her wounds, bringing the total killed in the assault by Islamists to 22.", "Satellite images of Mosul have revealed how fighters from so-called Islamic State (IS) have destroyed much of the city's airport to render it unusable as Iraqi forces close in.", "Network Rail has promised to do \"everything in its power\" to stop a repeat of the rail chaos at Christmas when it carries out work over Easter.", "Permission has been given for exploratory drilling for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.", "Amazon, the global online retailer, is changing the way it records sales in a move that could see it paying more tax.", "Junior doctors should suspend Tuesday's strike action over pay and conditions while talks continue, the chief medical officer for England has urged.", "Oxford United have extended the loan of right-back Jonjoe Kenny from Premier League side Everton until the end of the season.", "A further education college in Dorset has received more than \u00a32.88m in government funding to renovate buildings on campus.", "The family of the former footballer Jeff Astle is to meet the FA chairman next month to discuss head injuries in the game, as part of their campaign.", "Brothers Ben and Tom Curry have signed five-year contracts with Sale Sharks.", "Police in Fife are searching for a man who was seen exposing himself in Dunfermline.", "A UN conference aimed at preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons has ended in failure after a row over a nuclear-free Middle East proposal.", "Fracking for shale gas in Wales should still be opposed despite plans to fast-track such schemes in England, the Welsh government has said.", "A collection of paintings capturing the landscapes and legacy of life on the North East coast is going on display.", "Hibernian's Neil Lennon believes Scott Brown retired too soon from Scotland duty and still has plenty to offer now he has decided to return.", "A buzzard has been rescued after becoming trapped between fencing and a wall in Gwynedd.", "Post Office workers will stage five days of strikes from Monday in a continuing dispute over jobs, pensions and branch closures, their union says.", "Steroids and medicines with an estimated street value of some 2m euros (\u00c2\u00a31.7m) have been seized in Donegal.", "Sinn F\u00c3\u00a9in leader Gerry Adams has said there is \"a need to be open and imaginative\" on new constitutional arrangements.", "Morecambe must not get carried away despite sitting top of League Two, says Shrimps boss Jim Bentley.", "A court in the Indian capital has formally charged a driver of the Uber web-based taxi firm with the rape and kidnapping of a passenger last month.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells and Great Britain team-mate Sam Scrimgeour remain on course to defend their lightweight pairs world title after winning their semi-final in Rotterdam on Thursday.", "Former Kilmarnock winger Chris Johnston has become the third player to sign for Dumbarton this summer after leaving relegated Raith Rovers.", "The three-day TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow is to start later with a Friday line-up of acts including Radiohead and Belle and Sebastian.", "The US has warned North Korea to refrain from \"irresponsible provocation\" after the communist state said its main nuclear facility had resumed normal operations.", "A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after pieces of human bones were found by detectives investigating the death of a man 25 years ago.", "Ireland eased to seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe to top their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying group and set up a semi-final against Scotland.", "The daughter of a man who died after a hospital failed it its \"duty of care\" said lessons have not been learned.", "Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is third after day one of the men's omnium as he aims for his first Olympic Games medal.", "The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra \u00a372m to help deal with pressures in the service.", "The Winklevoss brothers have re-started their long-running legal dispute with Facebook and its boss Mark Zuckerberg.", "A 14-year-old boy has been left with \"life-threatening\" injuries after being knocked down by a car.", "Birmingham City have signed Dundee forward Greg Stewart on a three-year deal for a fee believed to be around \u00a3500,000.", "A former soldier who agreed to obtain information from an army barracks for a newspaper will not face a trial, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.", "Inspectors have called for major improvements at two privately-run elderly care homes after finding problems during recent visits.", "Four men were arrested in north London when police found a gun, a sword and a knife in the car they were travelling in.", "An estimated 63,000 properties in north Lancashire were hit by a power cut, Electricity North West has said.", "Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.", "Shopkeepers near the Isle of Wight's troubled new \"floating bridge\" have asked councillors to consider compensating them for loss of business.", "French side Lille have exercised their option to sign Naim Sliti on a permanent deal when his loan move from second-tier side Red Star expires this summer.", "Children across Britain linked up with Tim Peake on the International Space Station yesterday for a big question and answer session.", "World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named the 2013 BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.", "A civilian cargo aircraft has landed safely after being escorted into Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after suffering technical problems with its communications equipment.", "Police have been given more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "BBC Sport is showing live coverage of the EuroBasket warm-up game between Great Britain and Greece at the Copper Box in London on Saturday 19 August.", "More than 13,000 email addresses have been stolen from Edinburgh city council's database following a \"malicious cyber attack\".", "The photo sharing service Instagram announced it will start placing ads in US users photo streams in a posting on its website.", "Actor Michael C Hall is to perform a tribute to David Bowie at this week's Mercury Music Prize ceremony.", "A former Metropolitan Police officer has been found not guilty of sexually assaulting a teenage boy in the back of a police van nearly 30 years ago.", "Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has rejected calls for a \"softer\" Brexit after the general election result led to a hung parliament.", "Relatives of the 96 people who died at Hillsborough have told the home secretary they want a \"Hillsborough Law\" to compel public officials to tell the truth at inquiries.", "An elderly woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck.", "Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United to move their home games because of flooding.", "Two Manchester United fans spent Friday night undetected in an Old Trafford toilet in an attempt to see Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.", "An electrician whose \u00a3200 worth of tools were mistakenly sold for \u00a31 in a charity shop has had them returned.", "Laura Muir says she'll be \"gutted\" to miss April's Commonwealth Games.", "Southend United will give striker Nile Ranger a chance to relaunch his career when he is released from prison.", "Lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the South Coast this summer after seven men drowned last year.", "Partick Thistle captain Abdul Osman says the players are praying manager Alan Archibald stays at the club for another season.", "Ten youths have been arrested by Canadian police on suspicion of planning to travel to Iraq and Syria to join Islamic State.", "League Two side York City have signed Hull City midfielder Matt Dixon on an 18-month deal.", "Belfast Giants remain within four points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after earning a 5-1 Boxing Day away win over Braehead Clan.", "BBC Rewind looks at the history of the Flying Scotsman as it prepares to return to the railways.", "A man who claimed he was abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has lost a legal action for compensation.", "Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has had the biggest UK box office opening weekend of the year so far.", "Britain's Victoria Williamson says she is lucky not to be paralysed after her serious crash at Rotterdam's Zesdaagse.", "The head of the national body for police commissioners resigned in order to appear on the BBC's Question Time following the Manchester attack.", "The developers of the proposed Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing a \"grossly misleading\" analysis of the project's likely impact on fish.", "Premiership side Sale Sharks will sign Scotland and Glasgow back row forward Josh Strauss on a three-year deal from next season.", "A China Eastern Airlines plane has had to turn back to Sydney airport after a technical failure which left a hole in an engine casing.", "The government is to reconsider a visa for an American mother facing deportation from the UK.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.", "Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has appointed Bruno Tshibala as the new prime minister of the power-sharing government.", "Journalists at Fairfax Media, one of Australia's largest publishers, have gone on strike for a week to protest against massive job cuts.", "Teenager Tom Marquand has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of three-times champion jockey Ryan Moore by his trainer Richard Hannon.", "The Colombian government and Farc rebels have agreed to resume peace talks, which were suspended last month over the abduction of an army general, mediators say.", "The Football Association has charged Blackburn midfielder Hope Akpan with violent conduct after he was sent off for pushing a referee.", "Former British number one Laura Robson will play at next month's grass-court Wimbledon warm-up event in Nottingham.", "The Democratic Republic of the Congo has been urged to investigate at least 421 bodies found in an unmarked burial ground in the capital, Kinshasa.", "Everton have agreed a deal with Premier League rivals Southampton that paves the way for Ronald Koeman to become their new manager.", "Over the last three decades, governments of various stripes have promised radical change to solve England's housing crisis and today's White Paper is no exception.", "A body found near Strathclyde Park in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.", "Neymar is the most valuable player in Europe - worth about \u00a3216m - according to a new study which values 10 players at more than 100m euros.", "A row between a Police and Crime Commissioner and his deputy, who was found guilty of serious misconduct, has been resolved following a payout.", "Northern Ireland goalscorer Gareth McAuley says Thursday's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine - their first at a European Championship - was \"massive\".", "A student whose mother and teenage brother were stabbed to death is focusing on caring for her father who was also injured in the attack.", "South Korea's education minister has apologised after two faulty questions in the national college entrance exam left thousands of students confused.", "National League North side Gloucester City are in talks with rugby league team Gloucestershire All Golds about a potential groundshare.", "A Labour MP who accused Jeremy Corbyn of threatening to use his father - former Sinn F\u00e9in mayor Pat McGinn - to \"bully me into submission\" has spoken publicly about the row.", "Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been confirmed among 126 riders for the 2016 Tour of Britain, which begins in Glasgow on Sunday.", "A former financial controller has admitted stealing more than \u00a3440,000 from a hospital charity.", "Police in India's Maharashtra state have arrested five members of an upper caste for beating, stripping and parading naked a low-caste Dalit woman.", "Toshiba shares rallied more than 10% on Thursday on reports the firm was about to secure substantial new loans for its restructuring efforts.", "England's batsmen must \"pull their fingers out\" if they are to win the third Test against Pakistan and draw the series 1-1, says James Anderson.", "British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he will not repeat Graham Henry's 2001 mistake by splitting the squad early in the tour.", "Rangers have made right-back Lee Hodson their eighth summer signing on a three-year deal from MK Dons.", "Criminals and terrorists are using the so-called dark net to buy weapons, a new study has suggested.", "Chris Rock has announced that he's separating from his wife.", "A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted an American visa so he can have surgery to remove excess skin.", "A new type of drug could benefit men with aggressive prostate cancer that is no longer responding to treatment, researchers from the Institute of Cancer Research have said.", "European leagues are free to schedule domestic games on the same nights as Champions League and Europa League ties after an agreement with Uefa ended.", "Police are investigating the rape of a woman in Queens Park in Glasgow's Southside.", "Swansea's caretaker manager Alan Curtis says there would be no guarantee the club would return to the Premier League if they were relegated this season.", "The overall student loan debt for Welsh students has reached \u00a33.7bn, new figures show.", "Police in Italy have arrested a jobless man who posed as an airline pilot, tricking his way into riding in the cockpit of at least one jet.", "David Cameron has said too many children from immigrant families are not able to speak English when they start at school.", "Low pay and scarce hours are pushing working families and young people into poverty in Wales, a new report claims.", "Schools have been reopening in Guinea after a five-month closure because of the deadly Ebola outbreak.", "The sister of a teenager who was murdered, cut up and buried by her boyfriend says she is afraid after discovering he has been out of prison.", "Craft brewer BrewDog has raised $1m (\u00a3770,000) from US investors within the first three days of a new funding round, according to the company.", "An industrial dispute at Tata Steel has ended after workers voted to accept changes to their pension scheme.", "Keurig Green Mountain, which makes K-cups single-serve coffee pods, said it has accepted a $13.9bn (\u00a39.2bn) bid.", "A university has withdrawn a poster which appeared to ridicule Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence after her nude pictures were leaked on the internet.", "A man has been stabbed to death in a street in north London.", "Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to perform consistently at a \"high intensity\" if they are to earn more international recognition.", "Hundreds of rooms at a \u00a345m student halls development at Aberystwyth University will not be ready for the new term.", "Characters based on a Nickelodeon cartoon were dropped from a Northern Ireland council's Christmas celebrations - after it emerged they were unauthorised.", "Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton coach Colin Calderwood as their assistant manager to Steve Bruce.", "Great Britain will miss the men's Olympic 4x100m relay final after being disqualified in their semi-final.", "Police are appealing for witnesses following a head-on crash between a car and a bus in West Lothian.", "Police have named a 52-year-old man who died after the forklift truck he was driving toppled over.", "Great Britain's double gold medallist Nicola Adams believes new trainer Virgil Hunter will play a key part in success as a professional.", "Lala Njava's music is grounded in Madagascan tradition but is enriched with jazz, trance and afrobeat.", "Smoking could play a direct role in the development of schizophrenia and needs to be investigated, researchers say.", "A family of five, including three young children, had to be rescued from a Somerset beach after their car got stuck in the mud on Saturday evening.", "Dundee United have signed their second goalkeeper in a week by bringing in Harry Lewis on loan from Southampton.", "Auditors have questioned the way a health board handled funding awarded to a celebrity-led charity event.", "An 85-year-old woman has died after being struck by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.", "A tractor being driven by a 15-year-old boy \"as a taxi for his drunk mates\" has been stopped by police in North Yorkshire.", "A man accused of claiming almost \u00c2\u00a310,000 after allegedly pretending his family died in the Grenfell Tower fire has denied two counts of fraud.", "A farmer told to demolish a mock Tudor castle that was built without planning permission has vowed to rebuild \"the work of art\" elsewhere.", "Full services on Nottingham's new tram lines have started, eight months behind schedule.", "Thieves broke into vans and stole tools being used by a team working on a life-changing project for TV show DIY SOS.", "Oil and gas exploration firm Tullow Oil has reported a pre-tax loss of \u00a31.3bn for the year to 31 December as low oil prices bit into revenues.", "A man who tried to get home on a 2.5 tonne road roller after a night out drinking in Dumfries has received a 15-month driving ban.", "A whisky distillery plans to invest \u00a3580,000 in community projects to mark its 200 years on the island of Islay.", "A plane bound for Chicago has been forced to make an emergency landing for the second time in two days.", "The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes said she is going to sue police over mishandling her murder case.", "Brazilian police say they want to speak to International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about an alleged scheme to resell tickets during last month's Rio Olympics.", "Three rare pygmy marmosets have been rescued and are set to be reunited, after being stolen from a Sydney zoo at the weekend.", "Forget James Bond, when it comes to recruiting spies needed to protect Britain there aren't enough Jane Bonds.", "The world leader of millions of Muslims has condemned the Westminster terror attack calling it an \"affront to the teachings of Islam\".", "Singer Charlotte Church has lost her unborn baby, she has announced.", "A man who admitted causing a fatal crash while being pursued by an unmarked police car has been jailed for nine years.", "A pensioner who underwent gender re-assignment surgery at the age of 69 says she lived \"in the wrong body\" for most of her life because she feared the reaction of her friends and family.", "Astronomers have discovered a baby planet which looks like a young version of Jupiter.", "Campaigners have opened a camp with thousands of protesters due in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.", "The High Court has banned publication of photographs allegedly stolen from Pippa Middleton's iCloud account.", "Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales back-rower Rob McCusker on a short-term contract as injury cover.", "Heavily armed men have attacked a convoy of cars belonging to a Saudi prince, stealing 250,000 euros (\u00a3200,000; $330,000), police say.", "\"Dedicated\" and \"hungry for success\" are phrases used a lot in connection with athletes heading to compete in an Olympic Games.", "Mobile and landline telephone services have been restored in Shetland after coverage was lost for several hours causing disruption.", "A girls' school has scrapped its end of year prom claiming it is too much of a \"distraction\" to pupils.", "Leyton Orient have appointed former chief executive Matt Porter to their board of directors following Nigel Travis' takeover on 22 June.", "US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted there is a reason she was seen nodding off at the president's State of the Union address.", "A man is being held in Manchester on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "Detectives investigating the alleged attempted kidnap of a baby are appealing for a taxi driver to contact them.", "One of Scotland's most wanted fugitives is still believed to be hiding in the Netherlands almost 10 years after he raped a woman in Glasgow.", "A paedophile who raped a 12-year-old boy after grooming him online has been jailed for 13 years.", "Italy's first female astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, is spending almost six months on the International Space Station.", "A council is to seek a civil injunction and damages against one of its own councillors and other members of the public.", "Guinea-Bissau's players have ended their strike after being paid outstanding wages, four days before the start of the Africa Cup of Nations.", "David Cameron has voiced his \"strong support\" for the expansion of grammar schools during a visit to the South East.", "A disturbance at a prison saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put \"out of commission\", a union has said.", "Batsman Joe Root has credited sacked coach Peter Moores with the form that resulted in him being named England's player of the year.", "Manager Grant McCann has apologised to the fans for Peterborough United's 4-1 home defeat by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Southend United.", "An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.", "A railway line which was closed due to a landslip is to reopen next week, Network Rail has announced.", "A surfer who lost his leg in a shark attack in Western Australia last week has died, police say.", "A jet skier has been airlifted to hospital after a crash involving a speedboat during an event off Anglesey.", "A mother-of-four battered a toddler to death months after she was made the child's legal guardian, a court has heard.", "Mixu Paatelainen praised his Dundee United players' resolve as they beat St Johnstone 1-0, despite being reduced to 10 men for the last 30 minutes.", "A man has been found guilty of murdering his \"on-off partner\" by bludgeoning her to death.", "Three nightclub doormen have told how they helped rescue a man trapped in an upturned car in a water-filled ditch.", "The Italian parliament has approved a long-debated and extensive electoral reform that aims to give the country more political stability.", "(Close) The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a fresh high for a second consecutive day after a rally in financial shares boosted the index.", "Paralympic champions Jonnie Peacock, Hannah Cockroft, Richard Whitehead and Kadeena Cox are in the Great Britain squad for next month's World Para-Athletics Championships in London.", "The president of Afghanistan has told an emotional husband that a group of men accused of gang raping his wife would be brought to justice.", "A man who sparked a drug-fuelled roof-top siege after breaking up with his partner has been given a suspended prison sentence.", "Warwickshire took command of the battle of Division One's bottom two after Jonathan Trott had reached the 42nd first-class century of his career.", "Jack Grealish scored twice on his full debut as England Under-21s continued their perfect start to the Toulon Tournament by thrashing Guinea.", "Richard Carpenter has said he is owed at least $2m (\u00c2\u00a31.6m) in royalties for the hits he recorded in The Carpenters, including Yesterday Once More.", "An artist's impression of how an expanded primary school in Addlestone will look has been unveiled.", "New Portsmouth recruit Amine Linganzi is determined to secure a long-term contract with the club.", "Ulster pair Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to make a return from injury for the end of season run-in.", "More than 400 people have attended a meeting to oppose plans for a supermarket.", "Queen of the South fought back from two goals down to draw with promotion-chasing Falkirk in the Championship.", "A school has been accused of breaching anti-discrimination laws after claims a four-year-old Muslim pupil was told she could not wear a headscarf.", "A man who fraudulently claimed nearly \u00a340,000 in benefits over the course of almost 11 years has been jailed for 18 months.", "The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the three months to June, driven in part by a booming film industry, said the Office for National Statistics (ONS).", "Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said Manchester United's important players were \"in our pockets\" in a match that went \"exactly\" as they wanted.", "A review team looking at the quality of life of older people is to swoop unannounced on 100 care homes.", "Owen Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language television broadcaster S4C.", "Liverpool centre-back Mamadou Sakho was suspended last season for taking a substance that was not on the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) banned list, according to a Uefa report.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.", "Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has issued a stern public rebuke to the military deputy chief of staff.", "MPs have called on the UK government not to cut its funding of Welsh language channel S4C.", "The main tunnel serving Scotland's third busiest rail station is to close for 20 weeks, causing major disruption.", "Nottingham Forest owner and chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi says he is close to agreeing a deal to sell the club.", "Key countries in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have pledged to pursue \"growth-friendly\" policies to kickstart the slowing world economy.", "Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, is not among the 10 Republicans running for president who will take part in the first primetime TV debate.", "Leicester Tigers have signed new England loose-head prop Ellis Genge from newly-promoted Bristol.", "Staff at Swansea's DVLA offices will be redeployed rather than face redundancy after changes to the way motorists pay their car tax, a UK transport minister has confirmed.", "Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the decision to scrap the toss in the County Championship this season looks like it is working.", "Some people say they are addicted to Facebook and can't go for long without checking their status.", "A teenage boy has appeared in court for a second time charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed at his Aberdeen school.", "Walsall have signed goalkeeper Mark Gillespie on a two-year contract from Carlisle United on a free transfer.", "Two men from High Wycombe jailed for a fatal stabbing have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.", "Patrick Roberts believes his loan spell at Celtic will prepare him for the challenge of trying to break into the Manchester City first team.", "Colchester have signed goalkeeper Rene Gilmartin as a player-coach after his release by Watford, and confirmed Dean Brill will not be returning.", "A man shot his ill wife before killing himself in a suicide pact, an inquest has heard.", "Australia has confirmed it sent 46 asylum seekers back to Vietnam after intercepting their boat off the coast of Western Australia last month.", "MotoGP championship leader Marc Marquez moved 52 points clear in the title race with victory at the Aragon Grand Prix.", "Helen Glover expects her partnership with Polly Swann to develop quickly as they prepare for the European Championships in Belgrade.", "Nick Clegg has accused the new Tory government of abandoning the values he said had been at the coalition's core.", "Industrial production in China recorded a smaller-than-expected rise in April, underlining worries that the economy may be losing steam.", "Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Aaron Tshibola on a one-month loan deal and Mansfield striker Rakish Bingham on a season-long loan.", "People are voting across Merseyside in the general and local council elections.", "A large billboard has been puzzling residents of a County Down town, and commuters on the main route between Bangor and Belfast.", "Hundreds of aerospace jobs could be lost if a factory is forced to \"significantly downsize\" or close, it has been claimed.", "A man accused of kidnapping his partner allegedly drove at a police officer who tried to save her, a court has heard.", "Declassified documents reveal concerns of the UK government 60 years ago that Rockall could become a base for spying on a missile test site.", "The artist who created the album cover for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been given a top honour in the band's home city.", "Alfreton Town have signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney on loan from League Two side York for the rest of the season.", "The International Monetary Fund has today highlighted the challenge to be faced by the next government in returning the public finances to balance.", "BBC newsreader Sophie Raworth is to be part of Watchdog's new presenting team.", "The BBC generated more than \u00a38bn for the UK economy in 2011-12, almost twice its licence fee spend.", "The US has said that it will resume aid to the military in Bahrain.", "A signed Beatles ticket from a concert in Norfolk in 1963 is expected to fetch up to \u00a32,000 at auction in London.", "A body has been found by police in their search for a missing man from Merthyr Tydfil.", "Red Bull have said that their hopes of securing a Mercedes engine supply in 2016 are now over.", "Guernsey's Environment Department has invited islanders to identify the parcels of land that could be suitable for development.", "An actress who appeared in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to attend a special screening of the movie in Kingussie later.", "Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego both made centuries to drag Somerset back into contention with Middlesex on day three of the County Championship match.", "A power cut left Venezuela's parliament in the dark as it discussed a law dedicated to the energy sector.", "Two international rugby stars have returned to their home club to help coach an under-10s team and to watch the first XV in action.", "The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.", "Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, says Scarlets captain Ken Owens.", "Widnes Vikings claimed just their second Super League win of the season with a narrow victory over St Helens.", "A former Welsh amateur boxing champion said she is turning professional as she does not have confidence in the governing body.", "World number one Novak Djokovic won his first title since his surprise exit from Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Japan's Kei Nishikori in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.", "Peter Houston is still seeking to fine-tune his Falkirk squad, with a striker and defender pinpointed as priorities.", "Humans lived in the Amazon rainforest much earlier than previously thought, and even helped shape its biodiversity, researchers have said.", "Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.", "Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined to make sure the club is not involved in another Premier League relegation fight next season.", "Labour's Barry Coppinger has been re-elected as Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner.", "The Queen has been spotted having an evening meal at an Edinburgh pub.", "A court in the Philippines has found a US marine guilty of killing a transgender woman.", "Great Britain's Colin Fleming says tennis players guilty of match-fixing should face life bans.", "The Pentagon is considering transferring Private Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison in order to treat her gender dysphoria, US media report.", "Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the first round of the Korea Open by qualifier Nicole Gibbs.", "St Johnstone have made 18-year-old Northern Irish midfielder Kyle McClean their first signing of the summer.", "Disney has become the first film studio to take $7bn (\u00c2\u00a35.7bn) in global ticket sales for 2016.", "Some 11,180 students were placed on undergraduate courses in the UK through clearing in the first 24 hours after yesterday's A-level results.", "Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced plans to track foreign homeownership and raised the possibility of eventually enacting limits on buying.", "The grandmother of a four-year-old boy who received part of his father's liver has said all is going \"according to plan\" following the operation.", "A Whitehaven woman who defrauded a charity set up by a teenager dying of cancer who became well-known for her \"bucket list\" has been sentenced.", "A former special constable who groomed and engaged in sexual activity with a child has been jailed for five years.", "ScotRail said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to bring to an end a dispute over driver-only operated trains.", "People who have been flocking to Fife to see a whale which has been breaching in the Firth of Forth are being warned from \"making any attempts to approach or actively pursue\" it.", "Cardiff Devils lost 6-1 away to Nottingham Panthers in the Elite League, less than 48 hours before playing the same opposition in the Challenge Cup final.", "Organisers of the Miss America pageant have apologised to actress Vanessa Williams, 32 years after she was forced to hand back her title.", "More than 20 parties have come forward with bids to either recycle four Royal Navy frigates or turn some of them into artificial reefs, the BBC has learned.", "Ofgem has asked for more information on why a subsea cable is needed to carry electricity generated on the Western Isles to the mainland.", "Hostage Johan Gustafsson, held by al-Qaeda in Mali since 2011, has been freed, the Swedish government says.", "Action to reduce the number of Welsh children with type 1 diabetes from being admitted to hospital is needed as cases continue to rise, experts warn.", "A man whose son was killed during an opposition protest in Venezuela's capital Caracas has made a personal plea to President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro.", "The Public Prosecution Service and the PSNI have launched a legal bid to gain access to all interviews and notes by a former IRA member who was one of the main researchers for a Troubles history project at Boston College.", "A baby tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Lancashire.", "Bird flu has been confirmed in a flock of 19,500 turkeys at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said.", "The UN refugee agency has criticised Cameroon for the forced return of hundreds of refugees to north-east Nigeria after they had fled from the Islamist Boko Haram insurgency.", "A woman who nearly drowned during a school swimming lesson when she was 10 years old has won a compensation battle at the High Court.", "The ruling party in Burundi has won the parliamentary election boycotted by the main opposition parties.", "Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify military documents about the killing of ex-president Thomas Sankara, a lawyer for his family has said.", "At least two people have died and several others are feared missing after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa.", "Four of the UK's worst traffic bottlenecks occur on the Edinburgh bypass, according to new research.", "A pensioner used a mini camera to secretly film women's bare legs in a Falkirk shopping centre, a court was told.", "The authorities in Texas have charged two men with conspiring to harbour suspected illegal immigrants.", "St Johnstone players Danny Swanson and Richard Foster are set to face \"severe\" punishments for brawling with each other in the 1-0 defeat at Hamilton, manager Tommy Wright says.", "British artists have scooped several nominations for the 2015 Grammys.", "Millions of Muslims all around the world will be celebrating Eid al-Fitr this week to mark the end of Ramadan.", "Ten men were arrested after a teenager was stabbed and gun shots were fired, police said.", "The partner of a transgender woman found dead in a men's prison while on remand has told an inquest she did not want to be in a male jail.", "Personal insolvency numbers have returned to \"relative stability\" in Scotland following the introduction last year of new bankruptcy legislation, according to officials.", "A group of primary school children were injured on a trip to a farm when the trailer they were in became detached from the tractor pulling it.", "Pope Francis has condemned the \"complicit silence\" about the killing of Christians during a Good Friday service in Rome.", "The Bolivian government has declared a state of emergency in a vast agricultural area affected by a plague of locusts.", "Wales rugby great Gareth Edwards has been knighted by the Duke of Cambridge in recognition of a glittering sporting career and services to charity.", "Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes are close to be being snuffed out following a 3-0 loss to England at Wembley.", "Polar bears involved in a Scottish captive breeding project are sharing an enclosure and mating.", "Guy Martin and John McGuinness will race for the Japanese-based Mugen team in this year's TT race for electric-powered machines.", "A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.", "A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over his confrontation with a woman who died in jail shortly after being arrested.", "A tweet from One Direction's Louis Tomlinson to Harry Styles has become the second most retweeted post of all time.", "A German court has sentenced a doctor who fled Chile to five years in prison for involvement in child sex abuse at a commune called Colonia Dignidad.", "Three weeks after the general election, and a week after the state opening of Parliament, new MPs have been busy making their maiden speeches in the House of Commons.", "A country pub saved from closure after villagers stepped in to buy it has been named national pub of the year.", "Mexican authorities are to investigate allegations children battling cancer were given \"distilled water\" instead of chemotherapy.", "Gloucester City chairman Nigel Hughes has urged absent fans to return to the struggling non-league club.", "The funeral of an Afghanistan veteran and Green Beret who died after collapsing during the London Marathon has been held in Dunfermline, Fife.", "A man who was tortured and raped during an attack by two of his former friends in a Belfast flat has said he thought he was \"going to die that night\".", "A militant from the so-called Islamic State (IS) believed to be responsible for a deadly attack on US troops in northern Iraq has been killed in a drone strike, the US military said.", "Vin Diesel sang, Channing Tatum danced and Zac Efron showed off his abs, yes - again, at the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.", "Plymouth Argyle striker Jimmy Spencer will miss at least three months after breaking and dislocating his ankle.", "Radamel Falcao has been omitted from Chelsea's 25-man squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.", "A baby dolphin has died after it was surrounded by tourists looking to take photographs on a beach in southern Spain.", "Two men have been assaulted by an armed gang in south Belfast.", "Several thousand customers were left without electricity for a time on Wednesday night.", "A man has been stabbed to death in Mottingham in the early hours of Boxing Day.", "Plans for a controversial cycle path through Edinburgh have been agreed in principle by city councillors.", "Last year's winner Many Clouds heads Saturday's Grand National field after the 40-runner line-up was confirmed.", "Keepers at Chester Zoo are making sure every creature, from the biggest elephant to the smallest beetle, is present and correct as part of their annual animal count.", "A manhunt is under way in Germany after a man allegedly stabbed a nine-year-old neighbour to death and uploaded a video boasting of his deed to the dark web.", "A second referendum on the details of any Brexit deal should be offered to voters, Green Party of England and Wales MP Caroline Lucas has said.", "An NHS mental health services provider has been upgraded from \"inadequate\" to \"good\" following a recent inspection.", "This year's Grand National winner Rule The World has been retired.", "Air, sea and land searches were made over the weekend for a missing 18-year-old Inverness man.", "Coronation Street and Keeping up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent has said.", "The search for a Scots botanist missing in Vietnam is expected to resume later after being abandoned in heavy snow.", "Petrol and diesel prices rose sharply in October, said the RAC, taking them to their highest level since July 2015.", "\"Extremely serious concerns about unacceptable noise and disruption\" caused by students in Oxford have increased, according to a letter seen by the BBC.", "A hospital has suspended visits to patients on all its wards following an outbreak of the norovirus bug.", "A man has appeared in court over an acid attack that left two people with \"life-changing\" injuries.", "Ferry firm SeaFrance is to shed 127 jobs in Dover after it was liquidated by a French court and told to cease activity.", "Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied confessing to the abduction, rape and killing of 13-year-old Milly Dowler.", "The Israeli government has taken steps to reduce the penalties for personal marijuana use.", "Everton's Romelu Lukaku has decided where he wants to play next season.", "A 1969 Led Zeppelin session for the BBC that was thought to have been lost when archives were wiped has been recovered from a recording made by a fan.", "A prison officer has suffered a serious neck wound after she was attacked at a jail in County Antrim.", "Post offices and shops are expected to be very busy on Tuesday, as people going back to work after the holidays try to return unwanted presents.", "Northern Ireland's new health minister has challenged politicians to accept change as he outlined his vision for the future of local health services.", "A school pupil involved in a coach crash in Belgium in which the driver died is still having \"sleepless nights\" two months on, her father has said.", "Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Dundee United, but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by Rangers.", "A motorcyclist who reached the speed of 237km/h (147mph) on Beijing's ring road has been detained by Chinese police for dangerous driving, state media report.", "One in three councils in England has not replaced a single home sold through the Right to Buy scheme since 2012, according to the charity Shelter.", "A bill to restrict foreign ownership in Russia's media will soon go before the parliament, which is dominated by MPs loyal to President Vladimir Putin.", "Plans to demolish and replace two West Midlands fire stations - one of which is Grade II listed - have been backed by fire service bosses.", "A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two young children inside.", "Eastleigh have confirmed the loan signing of Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.", "A football club chairman and his father were given a \"loan\" of more than \u00a32.5m by a company set up to oversee the development of its stadium.", "A Haitian former coup leader, Guy Philippe, has pleaded not guilty in a US court to drug trafficking and money laundering charges.", "Nursing job applicants are being offered two months free accommodation in a bid to quell staff shortages at a hospital trust.", "Indian police have arrested nine people they suspect of colluding to illegally construct a high-rise residential building in Mumbai which collapsed, killing 74 people.", "Ross County have completed the signing of central midfielder Tim Chow on a two-year contract.", "Aston Villa have named Tom Fox as the club's new chief executive.", "Christmas swims are expected to attract bumper numbers this year due to milder winter weather and growing popularity for the craze.", "China faces a ban from international weightlifting competition after three of its athletes failed doping tests.", "The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen in the past year, according to a new report.", "German airline Lufthansa is making an eleventh-hour court appeal to halt a planned pilots' strike that will cancel 900 flights on Wednesday.", "The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted allowing human sewage to leak from a tank and pollute a stream.", "Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has had his loan spell with Belgian club Standard Liege terminated.", "Labour's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review to work on long-term changes to England's exams and curriculum for 14 to 19-year-olds.", "Workers in Northern Ireland factories operated by US firm Caterpillar will be given details of job cuts later.", "Business leaders' group the Institute of Directors (IoD) has accused the UK government of a \"poverty of ambition\" on broadband speeds.", "Three different 999 services had to be stood down after a \"body in the water\" turned out to be a bronze sculpture.", "A paedophile who travelled from London to south Wales has been jailed for three years.", "Solihull held on to claim a narrow victory over Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men late on.", "Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has confirmed he will not stand for Parliament again after taking a new role with an education think-tank.", "A 200-year-old burial site has been discovered during redevelopment work at Brighton Dome Corn Exchange.", "Mae diffoddwyr yn mynd i'r afael \u00e2 th\u00e2n mawr mewn garej yn Sir Conwy.", "York residents are being put off applying for flood protection grants as the process is \"incredibly complicated\", a local MP has claimed.", "A woman who was seriously hurt in a fatal hen party motorway crash is now helping other major trauma victims rebuild their lives.", "Cuban police have detained more than 50 people who took part in a march calling on the island's communist government to release political prisoners.", "New car sales in Scotland grew last month but at half the rate of the UK as a whole, according to motor traders.", "Police in Edinburgh are investigating a series of thefts and attempted thefts where men have impersonated police officers.", "The European Commission has ruled that a controversial EU-Canada free trade deal - CETA - cannot be renegotiated, despite much opposition in Europe.", "A Royal Navy chef has spent hours melting chocolate buttons to create a small fleet of ships in commemoration of the Battle of Trafalgar.", "Ambulance crews who gave a cardiac arrest patient 17 high-energy electric shocks say he is lucky to be alive.", "Belfast's Rebecca Shorten won a bronze medal as part of the Great Britain women's eight at the final World Cup regatta of the season in Lucerne.", "The owner of a cat which visits a supermarket every day, has had to ask people to stop feeding his pet because he was putting on weight.", "Bradford City made sure of a League One play-off spot as they beat Southend United thanks to Lee Evans' early goal.", "A new mayor in South Africa says he will give away a fleet of new luxury cars ordered by his predecessors.", "A union has welcomed reassurances from the new owner of Bernard Matthews over job security and pensions.", "A man in a wheelchair with an apparent grievance has detonated a small device at Beijing International Airport.", "One person has been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the M4 in Cardiff involving a tanker and a van.", "Councillors are to be given a progress report on plans to develop a national resilience centre in Dumfries.", "Legoland has apologised to people who have spent hours stuck in its car park.", "A care home has been ordered to raise its standards after the industry watchdog criticised areas including infection control.", "An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who raided her home and stole birthday and Christmas presents.", "A second teenager has been arrested after a suspected knife fight broke out at a London shopping centre on Boxing Day, the Metropolitan Police has said.", "Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising as a player and co-owner.", "Britain's Olympic silver medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill should \"take time\" to consider her future, her coach Toni Minichiello has said.", "A heavily pregnant woman had a gun pressed to her head when masked burglars broke into her Rochdale home.", "A town centre footfall study in the Borders has recorded a 6% rise across eight main towns in the region in 2015 compared with the previous year.", "Bhutan is a tiny and remote kingdom nestling in the Himalayas between its powerful neighbours, India and China.", "Scotland boss-in-waiting Shelley Kerr is good enough to coach any men's side in Scotland, according to 104-time capped forward Suzanne Grant.", "Stoke City have signed Cameroon winger Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a three-year deal after his contract ran out at German club Schalke.", "The SNP has held a South Ayrshire Council ward following a by-election which was called after the previous incumbent was elected as an MP.", "A group of Italian scientists convicted of manslaughter for failing to predict a deadly earthquake have had the verdict quashed.", "Vitamin B3 could be the new weapon in the fight against superbugs such as MRSA, researchers have suggested.", "A child sexual exploitation report has found police made no sustained effort to find out who was responsible for abusing children in the care system.", "Musician Koffi Olomide has been taken into custody in the Democratic Republic of Congo, days after he was deported from Kenya for allegedly kicking one of his dancers at an airport in Nairobi.", "Two convicted rapists and a man convicted of assault - all considered to be a \"risk to the public\" - have absconded from an open prison.", "Rapper Kanye West has declared he wants to work with Ikea on a new range of furniture.", "A \"glitch\" which shut down all the computer systems at Edinburgh Airport caused \"massive disruption\" and some flight delays.", "A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a 14-year-old boy was treated in hospital after taking half of a 'Darth Vader' tablet.", "Burma has set up a commission to investigate recent violence between Buddhists and Muslims in the west of the country, in which dozens died.", "Mafia criminals who are better educated tend to earn more, research suggests.", "England full-back Sam Tomkins will rejoin Wigan on a four-year deal after he agreed to leave National Rugby League side New Zealand Warriors.", "A man killed in a crash in Chorley had recently returned from a motorbike tour of Europe as part of his 21st birthday celebrations.", "Bournemouth's Polish goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.", "These amazing forest buildings could help tackle China's pollution problems.", "Britain's Tom Daley said he was \"heartbroken\" after a shock semi-final elimination in the Olympic 10m platform diving competition.", "The Republic's spending watchdog has reportedly concluded that the \u00a31.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio had \"irregularities\" and \"shortcomings\".", "Hackers have targeted a council Twitter feed - announcing an end to council tax and free parking for all.", "Starting university is meant to be an exciting time but for Amara Bangura it has been a bit too eventful.", "The BBC's News at Ten is to run 10 minutes longer in the New Year, with the bulletin set to end at 22:45 GMT on every weekday except Friday.", "Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is \"out of order\" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri, says ex-Arsenal defender Martin Keown.", "The family of a woman who killed herself after being discharged from hospital has labelled a report into her death \"psycho babble and twaddle\".", "Sony Music, one of the big three global record companies, says it will start pressing its own vinyl releases again for the first time since 1989.", "A female polar bear at a Scottish zoo has been temporarily put off limits to visitors as a precaution in case she is pregnant.", "New health advice recommends short spells in the sun - without suncream and in the middle of the day.", "Multimillion-pound repairs to a flood-hit bridge have been approved by senior councillors.", "South Africa is set to hold a huge protest march against xenophobia in the coastal city of Durban following a wave of attacks on foreigners.", "The death of a man who twice apparently jumped from a building has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.", "Plans to relax so-called \"purdah rules\" on government announcements in the run-up to the EU referendum are to be the subject of a quickfire inquiry by MPs.", "This ancient fort could not look more different to the red brick housing estate currently occupying suburbia in Monmouthshire.", "A person has been taken to hospital by air ambulance following a serious crash on a major road in Monmouthshire.", "More than 50,000 people in the NHS earned more than \u00a3100,000 in 2013-14, an investigation by the Taxpayers' Alliance and Daily Mail shows.", "This Friday marks the 100th anniversary of one of the deadliest battles in World War One.", "A public school teacher who groped an 18-year-old girl has been given a nine-month suspended sentence.", "Two teenagers arrested after a 16-year-old boy suffered \"potentially life threatening injuries\" in a stabbing in Brighton have been released on bail.", "The body of a missing music shop owner has been found in the boot of his car parked in Birmingham.", "Punk-pop band Green Day have hit number one for the third time in their career with their new album Revolution Radio.", "Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become boss at League One side Bury, after they agreed a compensation package with the Scottish Premiership side.", "Turkey's government has sacked another 1,389 soldiers accused of being linked to the coup attempt earlier this month.", "Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of high-rise buildings in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire.", "Nineteen people have been killed after a bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims crashed in Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state-run Mena news agency says.", "Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes has said he is \"ready to move on with his life\" after a man appeared in court to admit assaulting him.", "World number one Dustin Johnson is out of the Masters at Augusta National after suffering a back injury in a fall at his rental home on Wednesday.", "Hundreds of jobs could be lost if Rolls-Royce moves it research and development work out of Derby, a Unite union organiser has said.", "Australia were \"overly sensitive\" to postpone their tour of Bangladesh over security concerns, says Pakistan Cricket Board president Shahryar Khan.", "A specialised white blood cell found in birds can destroy an infection thought to cause hundreds of thousands of human deaths a year, scientists claim.", "A plane has been forced to carry out an unexpected landing after being struck by lightning.", "A woman has been remanded in custody charged with covering up the death of a one-year-old for more than a decade.", "People concerned with traffic congestion in villages near Stonehenge are stepping up a campaign for \"urgent action\" to be taken.", "Birmingham defender Paul Caddis has been told he is free to find a new club after more than four years with Blues.", "Fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says Australia's attack can reopen the scars of England's batting struggles from their 5-0 Ashes whitewash down under.", "An Orange hall in County Antrim has been the target of a paint bomb attack.", "Three people were killed when a \"monster truck\" ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at an annual motor show in the east of the Netherlands.", "Labour's leadership is heading \"in the opposite direction to where voters are\" on big issues, an ex-minister says.", "Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than \u00a31m.", "Plans by Apple and Google to do more to protect customers' privacy have made the FBI \"very concerned\".", "The influential head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has called for civilian drone technology to be regulated, warning about privacy and security concerns.", "Two care workers who admitted neglect after a pensioner fell from a hoist at a Birmingham care home have been sentenced to 12-month community orders.", "The makers of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway board game have apologised after it was found to have several errors.", "Security is tight in the German capital, Berlin, Germany host England in a friendly football match.", "Imax, the Canadian maker of widescreen cinema theatres, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) of its China unit in Hong Kong.", "A gold supercar with L-plates was seized by police in west London, leaving its driver by the roadside.", "Cincinnati's Scooter Gennett became the 17th player to hit four home runs in a Major League Baseball game in Tuesday's 13-1 win over St. Louis Cardinals.", "West Yorkshire's chief constable has had his suspension lifted.", "The US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on an unannounced visit.", "Concerns are growing for a teenager who was last seen at a beach in South Devon six days ago.", "A man who stabbed a motorist 39 times after a crash was misdiagnosed with a form of autism, a court has been told.", "League One side Peterborough United have parted company with manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.", "Media regulator Ofcom has opened up bidding for operators to set up their own local TV services across the UK.", "An RAF pilot was guided into landing his jet by a colleague in another aircraft after suffering \"a partial loss of vision\", it has emerged.", "Meat-eaters \"easily cheat, lie, forget promises and commit sex crimes\", according to a controversial school textbook available in India.", "A man has appeared before magistrates in Bristol charged with murder after a man was knocked down and dragged under a moving car.", "Former US President Bill Clinton is introduced to the McGuinness family by Sinn F\u00e9in President Gerry Adams", "Brazilian prosecutors have filed corruption charges against President Dilma Rousseff's electoral strategist.", "The public is being asked to provide information on the locations of nine fugitives suspected of serious environmental crimes.", "Asian markets headed lower after a survey of China's manufacturing sector indicated it is shrinking at the fastest pace for six-and-a-half years.", "Jono Gibbes is to become the head coach of Pro12 side Ulster on a two-year deal in the summer.", "Four hillwalkers who got into difficulties during severe weather on Ben Lomond have been rescued.", "Shares in Swiss agribusiness group Syngenta have risen 12% after its takeover by ChemChina was given the go-ahead by a US regulator.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed goalkeeper Lenny Pidgeley until the end of the season.", "A lorry driver has smashed through the front wall of a pub in Wiltshire.", "League One side Fleetwood Town have signed defender Joe Davis from Leicester City for an undisclosed fee.", "League One side Oldham Athletic have signed goalkeeper Chris Kettings on a one-year deal.", "Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused over the 9/11 attacks have appeared at a US military tribunal for the first time in five months.", "Beyonce has scooped nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards, extending her lead as the most-nominated woman in Grammys history.", "The Prime Minister has given his public backing to a stadium in Cornwall if the Conservatives are re-elected in May.", "Manchester United have opened talks with Wayne Rooney over a new deal that could keep the striker at Old Trafford for the rest of his career.", "Mansfield Town have signed striker Kane Hemmings from League One club Oxford United on a season-long loan.", "The fuselage of a World War II Spitfire that has spent the last few years in a garden in Oxford has failed to reach its asking price at auction in Surrey.", "A castle has welcomed 20 chicks to its grounds after hens nested next to a lifelike replica boar.", "The government's immigration cap on skilled workers has had no effect on bringing down net migration and is not \"fit for purpose\", MPs say.", "The AA has warned that it may have to raise its prices because the government has doubled the tax rate on insurance policies in less than two years.", "The Archbishop of Canterbury is working with other Christian churches to agree on a fixed date for Easter.", "Air strikes on so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa have cut the city's water supply, with 20 civilians reported dead.", "Lincoln City have signed Shrewsbury winger James Caton on loan until the end of the season.", "Planned cuts to library services in a West Yorkshire town have been scrapped following campaigns by residents.", "Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported stronger than expected sales for the July-to-September period.", "Germany's Michael Jung retained his Olympic individual eventing title by winning gold at Rio 2016 on his second-choice horse.", "Locals could be offered the chance to buy shares in new wind farms, solar farms and hydro power stations, under new government approved guidelines.", "A 19-year-old man has been charged after a cat was killed and others were badly injured in shootings in Surrey.", "The Duchy of Cornwall was warned of the risk of a \"potentially fatal situation\" at a beach it owns, ahead of a man's death there last week.", "Asian markets traded lower on Thursday with investor sentiment dented by a weaker than expected first quarter growth figure in the US.", "Opener David Warner hit an unbeaten 122 as Australia drew a rain-affected third and final Test against West Indies.", "Rescuers used helicopters to pluck families from rooftops in the southern German town of Deggendorf on Wednesday as the Danube flood crisis continues.", "A mother walking her children to school in north Wales is in hospital with serious injuries after being attacked on a busy footpath.", "Two teenagers have been arrested and three knives recovered after 300 people attended a house party in east London.", "Interest rates should remain low to avoid long-term economic stagnation, the chief economist at the Bank of England has said.", "Hon Hai Precision Industry, a major assembler of Apple products, has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iPhones and iPads.", "A man has been acquitted of raping a student who killed herself while detectives investigated the case.", "A foam factory in Merthyr Tydfil has announced it will close with the loss of 80 jobs.", "The quest to find King Arthur's Camelot has puzzled and intrigued scholars and fans for over a thousand years.", "Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri has backed Jamie Vardy to end his goal drought, but revealed the striker has even struggled to score in training.", "A police officer has been slashed in the face with gardening shears during a large-scale disturbance in Essex.", "Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.", "Leaders of the prison officers union have reached a deal over pay and conditions following concerns about jail safety, the Ministry of Justice has said.", "A widower is appealing to help find the stranger who took the last photo of him and his wife together before she died.", "Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams because of health concerns, the health ministry says.", "There were angry scenes on Monday night as the bill enabling the government to trigger Article 50 cleared the Lords.", "More than 1,300 militants from so-called Islamic State were killed by British air strikes in Iraq over a 12-month period, according to new figures.", "An airport has taken down its passenger information website after a hacker breached security systems, claiming they were too lax.", "The preferred location for a town's first railway station in 50 years has been revealed.", "A third man has been jailed for murdering a flight attendant who was bludgeoned with a hammer and buried in a concrete tomb.", "Five people have been injured following a crash between a bin lorry, a bus and two cars.", "Shrien Dewani has arrived back in England after being cleared by a court in South Africa of arranging the murder of his wife in 2010.", "The company behind the UK's first horizontal fracking operation has announced six \"commitments\" which it claims will ensure Lancashire benefits.", "Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has fired a senior official over an incident caused by his daughter at an exclusive restaurant last month.", "British and Burmese authorities could work together to find 20 Spitfires buried in Burma at the end of the World War II, officials say.", "Two men were rescued after becoming stranded on a crag on Snowdon's narrow Crib Goch ridge.", "A system for detaining asylum seekers while their claims are speedily assessed has been temporarily suspended after it was ruled unlawful last month.", "South Wales Police are appealing for information over the whereabouts of a man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager.", "Two men arrested in connection with the suspected murder of a missing man have been released on bail.", "A major Scottish interior fitter has announced \"a major review of its longer-term vision, mission and strategy\".", "A retired TV producer is to appeal against his conviction for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner.", "The body of the first Briton to be killed while fighting against Islamic State (IS) has been handed over to his family at the Syrian-Iraqi border.", "Preston North End have re-signed goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a one-year deal after he had his contract cancelled at West Bromwich Albion.", "Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has accused his Labour Party colleagues of \"behaving like a petulant child who has been told you can't have the sweeties in the sweet shop\".", "A grandfather from Gwynedd died after being hit by a boat's propeller off the Maltese coast, an inquest has heard.", "An Iraqi court has sentenced to death 27 men for their involvement in the massacre of up to 1,700 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in June 2014.", "Devon-based surfing goods and forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by an Australian company as part of a \u00a37m deal.", "Spain's Sergio Garcia opened up a three-shot lead in the Dubai Desert Classic as the delayed second round was completed on Saturday morning.", "Darren Ambrose's double helped struggling Colchester United come from behind to win 2-1 at Bradford City and end a 19-game League One winless run.", "Three Neolithic-style huts have been built at Old Sarum to offer an insight into how Stonehenge's builders lived.", "Joseph Parker and Andy Ruiz Jr will fight for the WBO heavyweight title vacated by Tyson Fury on 10 December.", "Mae Cymru Fyw wedi mynd i ysbryd yr \u0175y-l ond mae ymennydd ein cwisfeistr druan wedi ffrio'n l\u00e2n!", "A second suspect wanted in the death of a US border official has been extradited to the US, in a case linked to a botched gun-running sting.", "The FBI is investigating another wave of bomb threats to Jewish facilities in the US after 11 sites were evacuated on Monday.", "Police investigating the rape of an elderly nun in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a key suspect in the crime.", "A member of Texas' House of Representatives has filed a resolution to urge Texans to stop using an emoji representing the Chilean flag when they really mean to use the Texan flag.", "The Premier League has announced a new deal with American broadcaster NBC Universal to show live games for the next six years.", "The second phase of a \u00a315m project to upgrade the water and sewer pipes in Stafford is under way.", "Turkey has accused Russia of again violating its airspace and warned it would \"face consequences\" if such infringements continue.", "Newcastle director of rugby Dean Richards believes his side are gaining attention due to their higher position in the Premiership table.", "Peterborough United defender Miles Addison has signed a new one-month contract with the League One side.", "Belgian rider Femke van den Driessche has been suspended for six years in the first proven case of mechanical doping in cycling.", "George Ford is expected to make way for Owen Farrell at fly-half for England's opening Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.", "A Stranraer Academy student has set up a petition to ensure a life-enhancing drug is made available to a fellow pupil with an extremely rare disease.", "Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their failed bid to be part of the inaugural Women's Super Rugby competition.", "A police drugs team worker was drafted in to help with a roadside drama as he helped deliver a baby.", "Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill believes other clubs are offering big money to Manu Tuilagi.", "A \"serial liar\" who made a series of bogus sexual assault allegations against 15 men has been jailed for 10 years.", "A businessman who plied teenage girls with vodka before sexually abusing them has been sentenced to 13 years.", "Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a factory on the Isle of Scalpay in the Western Isles.", "Torrential rain in Cambridgeshire caused a riverbank to collapse, left 856 homes without power, trapped drivers and closed two supermarkets.", "A British Army team has arrived in Somalia as part of a United Nations mission to counter Islamist militants.", "A six-year-old girl, who survived a cancer battle, is back in hospital after being injured when an inflatable slide blew into a crowd in high winds.", "Women's football's all-time international leading goalscorer, United States striker Abby Wambach, will retire at the end of a World Cup victory tour in December.", "Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of loose-head prop Oliver Kebble for next season.", "Head coach Denis Betts is not worried about Widnes' recent form despite four consecutive Super League defeats.", "Three people arrested after a man was found unconscious following a suspected assault in Brighton have been released without charge.", "A man who coerced a woman into having sex with a stranger before sending \"revenge porn\" to her family has been jailed for six years.", "Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.", "Temporary classrooms are being set up at a school that was damaged by fire.", "Wales wing George North's decision not to return to a Welsh region is a disappointment, says Rugby Wales chief executive Mark Davies.", "Czech 14th seed Petra Kvitova kept up her superb form by thrashing fourth seed Simona Halep to reach the final at the Wuhan Open in China.", "A man beaten with iron bars by a masked gang has blamed dissident republican paramilitaries for an attack at his home in Derry.", "A multi-million pound refurbishment of a Denbighshire leisure centre which was closed because of council cutbacks is due to start.", "A total of 179 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated in Keighley and Bradford, West Yorkshire Police has said.", "A truck driver has been charged with illegally transporting immigrants after dozens of people were discovered in the back of his trailer.", "A unique perspective on a landmark social event is to be unveiled as part of Nottingham's Caribbean Carnival.", "A woman with multiple sclerosis has said she was refused a taxi to a meeting of the MS Society because the journey was too short.", "A police sergeant called out to deal with a brawl in a Glasgow pub ended up giving an arresting performance of Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive.", "South Africa fast bowler Hardus Viljoen took five wickets on his Kent debut as they bowled Gloucestershire out for 221 on day one in Bristol.", "Nathan Buck took a career-best 6-34 to help bowl Durham out for 166 and give Northants the upper hand on day one.", "Police have searched the home and garden of a vulnerable woman who has been missing for a month in Inverclyde.", "A charity has criticised a series of adverts which it claims are offensive to people with facial burns.", "French mosques have invited non-Muslims in to try to create greater understanding of Islam in France.", "Early agreement has been reached on North Sea fishing quotas for next year, with an increase in key stocks for Scottish fishermen.", "A couple who were in a light aircraft that crashed in a Northamptonshire field escaped unhurt and were found by ambulance crews in a nearby pub.", "Ireland pair Jonathan Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to resume full training after injury before Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.", "Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and his state secretary, Fred Teeven, have resigned after misleading parliament over a 2001 compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.", "Gavin Swankie's late winner gave Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic a 4-3 win over Cowdenbeath, who sink to the foot of the table.", "A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.", "Visitors have been asked to stay away from a Vale of Glamorgan hospital because of an outbreak of norovirus.", "Gritting lorries and snowploughs have been out and about on Lincolnshire's roads - in preparation for the start of the snow risk season.", "They can walk, they can talk, and may soon be thinking for themselves.", "A former friend of the women who murdered toddler Liam Fee has told the BBC that \"no sentence\" could ever be enough for their crimes.", "A paper manufacturer has applied to build a new plant to generate electricity and steam for its mill in West Norfolk.", "Bulldozers have started to clear part of the makeshift Calais camp known as the \"Jungle\" after about 1,000 residents left the area.", "Police invoked special stop and search powers after three people were stabbed within 10 minutes in a town centre.", "Charter Communications has agreed to buy media giant Time Warner Cable in a deal which values the company at $78.7bn (\u00c2\u00a352bn).", "The Polish foreign ministry has banned a biker gang linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin from entering the country.", "Hashim Amla resigned as South Africa captain immediately after his side drew the second Test against England.", "Australia's economy grew at a better-than-expected 0.9% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to the previous quarter, boosted by mining together with financial and insurance services.", "The sound of the first cuckoo in spring is a familiar one in the British countryside.", "Wales' Jamie Donaldson will take a two-shot lead into the third round of the Nordea Masters after carding a second successive 69 on Friday.", "Campaigners want a dedicated clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Wales.", "A new gin distillery in the Borders - built in a converted cowshed - is to start production early in the new year.", "A 19th Century factory, once a grand beacon of Nottingham's industry, has been largely reduced to ashes and rubble after a fire consumed it for more than a week.", "A US student has been charged with smearing peanut butter in the face of an undergraduate who has a potentially deadly allergy.", "Norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour Finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence.", "The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he only accepted the job after being convinced by his wife.", "A football team stranded on a motorway after a bridge collapsed are hunting for a mystery bride who asked to have her photo taken with them.", "A man has been arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of \"Syria-related terrorism\" offences.", "Three statues honouring the Devonshire, Dorset and combined Devon and Dorset Army regiments are being planned for the National Memorial Arboretum.", "A serial robber who threatened an 18-year-old shop worker with a knife was caught after his streak of grey hair was recognised in CCTV footage.", "Four silver coins dating from the 14th Century that were found on County Down farmland have been declared to be treasure at an inquest in Belfast.", "A 15-year-old girl has died despite being rescued after she was swept into the sea in North Tyneside.", "The boyfriend of a pregnant woman killed in a scooter accident in Thailand is to be charged over her death, police in the country have said.", "A woman who set a \"honey trap\" for a professional gambler who was kicked to death for his winnings has been jailed for 16 years.", "Manchester United's \u00a356m new signings Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw will join the squad to tour the United States later this month.", "The IT systems of three US hospitals have been infected with ransomware, which encrypts vital files and demands money to unlock them.", "BodyPositive is an exciting new BBC campaign.", "Some 120 diners celebrating a baptism at a restaurant in a north-western Spanish town all fled the restaurant at once without paying, the owner said.", "Reported incidents of livestock worrying have risen by 55%, according to police.", "French driver Esteban Ocon will race for Force India in 2017 after agreeing a \"multi-year deal\", with the team.", "The quality of care at an Aberdeen nursing home has been deemed \"unsatisfactory\".", "Fetch, sit and roll over - all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog.", "Three men have been found guilty of killing a rival drug dealer in a gang-related revenge attack.", "Blackburn Rovers midfielder Hope Akpan has had his three-match ban for violent conduct extended to four, following a Football Association charge.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Ben Jefford on an 18-month contract from Welling.", "Adam Voges and Dawid Malan both hit tons as Middlesex dominated Hampshire on day one at Merchant Taylors' School.", "Parents of babies with milk and soya allergies could face charges of up to \u00a3112 per week to feed their children in London, it has been claimed.", "Thousands of people have come forward following a worldwide appeal to find a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a match in the next two months.", "A Bangladeshi toddler born with a third leg attached to her pelvis is returning home after successful surgery in Australia.", "A man is to appear in court over the suspicious death of a 34-year-old in Dundee.", "A man has died in a huge blaze at a sheltered housing complex in Fife.", "Forest Green Rovers goalkeeper Sam Russell has signed a new one-year deal.", "John Horan easily won the vote at Congress on Friday night to become the GAA president-elect.", "Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has played down reports of Rangers renewing their interest in Jamie Walker.", "Michael van Gerwen has won the UK Open title for the first time in his career, beating Peter Wright 11-5 in the final in Minehead.", "Gordon Greer has a double mission this summer - find a new club and one that is good enough to help him retain his place in the Scotland team.", "The longest-serving Lib Dem peer and veteran human rights campaigner, Lord Avebury, has died at the age of 87.", "A CCTV image of two women who may have witnessed a serious assault at a music venue has been released by police.", "A protest has taken place opposing cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.", "Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after suffering discrimination and serious injuries in the line of work, a union said.", "Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson says the club have been hit hard by the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick, who he believes will be successful with England.", "German exports and production fell in November compared with the previous month.", "A Red Cross manager who led the organisation's on-site response to the Shoreham Airshow disaster has been awarded a British Empire Medal.", "The Welsh Liberal Democrats would create 140,000 extra apprentices over the next five years if the party wins power in May's elections.", "Vodafone has warned it could move its headquarters from the UK depending on the outcome of Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union.", "A man has been jailed after he told a stranger that he wanted her to have a baby with her so he could abuse it.", "A police officer has been disciplined over a mistake which led to armed police being sent to the wrong address during a search of a family home in County Down.", "Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic gave the Paris crowd a home victory to cheer as they won the women's doubles title at the French Open.", "Head coach Warren Gatland said Wales' string of injuries were no defence for their 23-19 World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa.", "Bosses at Gatwick Airport have unveiled five \"guarantees\" they hope will convince the Airports Commission to approve a second runway.", "Carlisle United have signed free-agent winger Louis Pedro on a short-term contract that will expire on 21 May.", "League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe from Bury on loan until 5 January.", "A British woman jailed for taking her clothes off on a mountain in Malaysia has left Borneo ahead of returning to the UK later.", "The International Bomber Command Centre has been targeted by thieves for the second time in a matter of weeks.", "The winding-up petition brought against League Two side Northampton Town has been withdrawn following a court hearing on Monday.", "Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have plunged by about 50% in the past two days, surprising market watchers across the region.", "Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined 20,000 rupees (\u00c2\u00a3229; $300) after posting photos online of him and his wife posing in front of endangered Asiatic lions.", "A man who was facing trial for the attempted murder of two boys who were stabbed in a street in Hampshire has been found dead in his prison cell.", "Shows like Transparent mean there are more LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) characters on US TV than ever before, a report has found.", "Voters in Tower Hamlets are going to the polls to vote for a new mayor.", "Former England half-back Rangi Chase says he is \"back in love\" with rugby league after rejoining Castleford following a fight with depression.", "Britain's Martyn Rooney says he would rather receive his Beijing Olympic bronze medal at the Anniversary Games than at the World Championships.", "Researchers have identified a gene that appears to curb coffee consumption.", "Thailand has begun the process of naming Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as the country's new king.", "Sammy Wilson has said he will not be running for the DUP leadership.", "The body of a man has been found at a property in Oxford, police have confirmed.", "A Chinese government-linked company has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting high-performance coatings from the US to a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.", "You wait more than 15 years for a new Ghostbusters film, and then two come along at the same time.", "Rail upgrade works affecting people travelling between south Wales, Bristol Parkway and London Paddington have begun.", "Some 800,000 people have turned out in Barcelona and other towns in Catalonia on a day of rallies by nationalists wishing to break with Spain.", "Photographs showing a festive Prince Harry have been released, to mark his support of a charity helping children affected by HIV and Aids.", "Singapore plans to regulate third-party taxi booking apps such as Uber by capping fees and limiting them to use only licensed vehicles and drivers.", "A police dog stabbed on duty returned to the beat earlier this month after life-saving surgery.", "A woman, believed to be in her 80s, has died following a blaze at a house in the village of Lhanbryde near Elgin in Moray.", "Four men have been charged in a shooting at outside a Minneapolis police station that left five protesters wounded.", "The prime minister of the southern African kingdom of Lesotho has fled to South Africa, alleging a coup by the army and saying his life is in danger.", "A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been a victim of \"political harassment\" after a break-in at his constituency office in Cardiff.", "Campaigners are holding a protest walk against plans to build pylons across the Lake District National Park.", "Baltimore has lifted an overnight curfew imposed after riots sparked by the death of a black man in custody.", "Defender Paul Quinn has rejoined Ross County on an 18-month contract after agreeing his release from Aberdeen.", "Alviro Petersen made his second County Championship century of the summer to spearhead a solid day's batting by Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's.", "The US stock market closed on Tuesday about where it began, recovering after a flash of panic prompted by the release of emails from Donald Trump Jr.", "After being elected the new president of the IAAF, Lord Coe said taking the role was \"probably the second biggest and most momentous occasion in my life\" after the birth of his children.", "York City have signed midfielder Clovis Kamdjo on a two-year contract following his release by National League rivals Forest Green Rovers in May.", "Carmaker Vauxhall is trying to contact hundreds of thousands of British drivers, over worries their Zafira models could catch fire.", "Star Wars fans are being given the opportunity to become Jedi Knights and learn how to wield lightsabers in combat.", "A man has died in a crash involving two cars on one of Dorset's busiest routes.", "Oil firm Royal Dutch Shell has won approval from the US Department of Interior to explore for oil in the Arctic.", "A 26-year-old lawyer has pleaded guilty to murdering a young teacher whose body was found at a hotel on Christmas Eve.", "Turkey has blocked direct access to the Tor anonymous browsing network as part of a wider crackdown on the ways people circumvent internet censorship.", "Winger Carlos de Pena has left Middlesbrough after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.", "Palmyra, one of the archaeological jewels of the Middle East, is said to be under threat from Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.", "Contractors were left red-faced after incorrectly painting the word \"rihgt\" on a road off a supermarket car park.", "Ex-Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes new manager Rafael Benitez will be allowed greater control at the club.", "A Victorian university building in Aberystwyth could be transformed into a postgraduate centre under plans for a new \"cultural quarter\".", "Nottinghamshire piled up 446 on the opening day of the 2016 season as Steven Mullaney punished newly-promoted Surrey with an impressive hundred.", "Awareness rides are taking place to try and cut the number of people on horseback injured or killed on roads.", "A book about the death of a British officer in Afghanistan, once pulped by the Ministry of Defence, has won the Orwell Prize for political writing.", "Wetwang, Cockermouth and Bell End were just some of the place names deemed too rude to be shown at a Women's Institute (WI) event.", "Ireland flanker CJ Stander says scrum-half Conor Murray will not need special protection in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Murrayfield.", "Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge in South Africa to run 27 marathons in 27 days for Sport Relief.", "Norwich boss Alex Neil was pleased with his side's \"control\" during their 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Tuesday.", "Hugh Grant has been cast in Guy Ritchie's big-screen adaptation of the 1960s TV show, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Nigeria has slipped into recession, with the latest growth figures showing the economy contracted 2.06% between April and June.", "Wall Street posted solid gains, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reaching record highs.", "A commemorative \u00a35 coin is being produced to honour the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.", "One of the reasons the Great Exhibition of the North was awarded to Newcastle and Gateshead was because of the \"ambition\" of  organisers.", "A woman has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of her three-year-old son at their Dublin home earlier this week.", "Two men have appeared in court and been charged with murder following the death of a man who suffered serious head injuries at a banqueting venue.", "Barratt Homes has confirmed it is pressing ahead with plans to build 400 new homes in the east of Scotland.", "Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio.", "Members of the public are being asked to help create a record of ritual markings on buildings that were once believed to ward off evil spirits.", "Residents and commuters took to social media after the chimney at Didcot power station apparently vanished, leading to fears it had accidently collapsed.", "A new hovercraft route between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth could be introduced in the summer, operator Hovertravel has said.", "Almost 150,000 cruise ship passengers are scheduled to visit the Bailiwick of Guernsey during 2013.", "Northern Ireland needs a major new tourist attraction outside Belfast, according to the chief executive of Titanic Belfast.", "A paranoid schizophrenic who killed a former neighbour and went missing from his secure unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.", "The chief constable of Northumbria Police will retire after 30 years of service, it has been announced.", "Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff is expected to be out for 12 weeks after having knee surgery.", "Austria winger Martin Harnik will miss Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Wales in Vienna because of a calf injury.", "Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says he wants to guide the Championship side into Europe next season as EFL Cup holders.", "A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after having issues with its nose wheels.", "A sculpture park near Wakefield has reported a 170% rise in visitors since poppies from the Tower of London went on show in September.", "Families of people allegedly killed by an Army undercover unit have been told former members of the unit who appeared on TV admitted no crimes.", "Youths gathering in an Anglesey town centre face being ordered to move, after police imposed an anti-social dispersal order in the area.", "A champion boxer who forced his way into his ex-girlfriend's flat and grabbed her around the throat has been jailed.", "A US citizen held for more than a year in North Korea has been moved back to a labour camp, US officials say.", "Three of the best known piers in England and Wales have been put on the market for a collective price of \u00a312.6m.", "South Africa head coach Russell Domingo will have to reapply for his job if he wants to stay in charge of the team after their summer tour of England.", "Singer Lil' Chris's death was caused by hanging, an inquest has heard.", "A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car police were pursuing has been described by his family \"as a respected and dedicated academic\".", "Rory McIlroy hopes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai despite suffering with food poisoning.", "Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Warwickshire in all formats of the game to focus on batting.", "French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue for libel after a senior police officer said she was harassed to change her report on the Nice terror attack.", "Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said he was mystified by his lack of pace in the Russian Grand Prix.", "Hundreds of green-fanged tube web spiders have taken over the back garden of a family home in Cardiff.", "Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland made a 2016 pre-tax profit of \u00a358m on a turnover of \u00a3176m.", "A murder inquiry has been launched in Nottingham after the death of a man.", "Two-thirds of older and disabled people in England who turn to their local councils for help with care are turned away, figures show.", "A Bolivian aviation official says she was pressured by her bosses into changing a flight report she made for the plane that crashed last week with Brazilian team Chapocoense on board.", "The trial of a group of cult members in China who beat a woman to death at a McDonald's restaurant has opened in the city of Yantai in Shandong province.", "A vigil has taken place in Cardiff Bay for French citizens and others following terror acts in Paris which left 17 people dead in three days.", "Chesterfield director of football Chris Turner has left the struggling League One club.", "More than \u00a33.8m has been spent in the last three years by civil servants using Welsh government-issued credit cards, prompting calls to reveal what the money has been spent on.", "Plans for a film studio on the outskirts of Edinburgh have been submitted to Midlothian Council.", "Tougher dog control measures could soon be implemented in Oxford.", "Stafford Shire Hall is to become an outpost of the University of Wolverhampton.", "Greenland profile", "A man has died following a two-vehicle collision on the A1 carriageway at Banbridge on Tuesday.", "Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington DC on Friday, the White House has said.", "Public transport in London is the world's most expensive, a report says.", "Gillingham are looking to add \"two or three\" more players to their squad, according to manager Ady Pennock.", "Steam, the digital gaming platform, has started offering Hollywood film rentals to users after signing a deal with production studio Lionsgate.", "Mexico officials say they have arrested six key people who allegedly helped fugitive drug cartel leader Joaquin Guzman escape from jail in July.", "A new \u00a348.5m school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open in October as planned, Highland Council has said.", "A key government policy to force all pupils to sit GCSEs in core academic subjects could be difficult for some students, the head of Ofsted has said.", "The Royal Navy has released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base.", "A missing man last spotted on CCTV footage taken at an Edinburgh train station has now been seen in central London.", "Scientists and fishermen are teaming up to try to find evidence of one of the world's rarest sharks off the Welsh coast.", "Lava from a volcano in Hawaii that has been erupting for two months, has been moving towards the coast.", "Irish state broadcaster RT\u00c9 is trying to get an injunction granted to Ireland's richest man discharged.", "Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from riding after concerns about his biological passport data resurfaced.", "A US freelance photographer who has been held in Syria for almost four years has been released, the State Department said.", "A white Chicago police officer has denied murder over the death of a black teenager who was shot 16 times in 2014.", "Newport midfielder Mark Byrne was a transfer target for Gillingham before a U-turn from manager Justin Edinburgh.", "It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new \u00a35 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.", "A 62-year-old Australian man, who says he survived without water by eating ants while lost in the Outback for six days, has spoken of his ordeal.", "Tottenham showed a \"lack of desire\" to win the Premier League with their first-half display in the 2-0 loss at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.", "Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been interviewed under caution by police following an allegation he racially abused an airline staff member at Heathrow on Monday night.", "The president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia is said to have fled the capital Sukhumi after opposition protesters seized his office.", "India's railway ministry is receiving praise on social media after it acted on a tweet from a train and provided milk to a hungry baby.", "Kasabian's latest music video has been called \"damaging\" by a mental health organisation.", "An attempt to trigger a referendum on Cardiff having an elected mayor is going to fail, a campaigner has admitted.", "The government will be lobbied by a Hampshire council over its plans to sell off an additional 56 defence sites by 2040.", "A suspected illicit cigarette-processing factory in Birmingham, thought to be capable of producing 35 million a month, has been shut down.", "Surrey Police needs to improve how it investigates crime and tackles serious and organised crime, a government inspector has said.", "The BBC has confirmed the \"global\" version of its iPlayer on-demand service will close next month.", "A cemetery's unique Victorian reception house which stored coffins to stop poor people keeping bodies in their homes, has been given protected status.", "Hundreds of cartoonists from around the world have taken part in a competition in Iran attacking Donald Trump.", "West Brom reached round three of the League Cup courtesy of a penalty shootout after being held to a goalless draw by League One side Port Vale.", "League One Rochdale have signed midfielder Keith Keane on loan from Cambridge United until January.", "A woman has been left uninjured but very upset after two men forced their way into her home and stole valuables believed to be worth thousands.", "Politicians, religious and civic leaders give their reaction to the bin lorry crash that killed six people in central Glasgow.", "England suffered a heavy 64-17 defeat by New Zealand in the final of the World Under-20 Championship in Tbilisi.", "A lorry fire has closed a southbound section of the M1 in Northamptonshire.", "Funding of up to \u00a3200m has helped create new jobs at a Highlands engineering company.", "An 82-year-old woman found murdered in her Fife home was the victim of a \"brutal and horrendous attack\", police have said.", "More international help has been arriving in Chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history.", "The US has \"strongly condemned\" Israel for approving plans for new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank.", "A Muslim couple arrested over fears that they were heading to Syria for \"extremist activities\" have won a court fight for the care of their children.", "A monument to the women chainmakers of Cradley Heath in the Black Country has been unveiled.", "Nearly 700 recruits have returned to Kenya after quitting militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.", "A 20-year-old woman has died in a crash in Richhill, County Armagh.", "Midwives in Northern Ireland staged a four-hour strike from 08:00 BST and 12:00 BST on Thursday in a pay dispute.", "Two schoolboys aged 12 and 13 have been arrested after concerns were raised about children sharing inappropriate images on social media.", "A man has been charged with murder after a former non-league footballer was stabbed to death.", "A South Korean soldier who shot dead five of his colleagues and injured seven others has been sentenced to death by a military court.", "The leader of South Africa's opposition, the Democratic Alliance, has said she will not stand for re-election at the party's congress next month.", "British middleweight champion Chris Eubank Jr has offered to give his title belt to retired opponent Nick Blackwell as a \"goodwill gesture\".", "Police in a small Alaska town mistakenly told a couple their son had been killed in a car crash, leading to an extraordinary reunion hours later.", "Swindon Town have re-signed midfielder Ben Gladwin on a 28-day emergency loan deal from Queens Park Rangers.", "Police are treating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry, as suspicious and have made an arrest.", "The family of murdered Sinn F\u00e9in official Denis Donaldson have said they do not believe the Provisional IRA killed him, or that his shooting was authorised by Gerry Adams.", "A plaque has been unveiled in memory of an Army medical officer who treated prisoners at a German concentration camp in 1945 following its liberation.", "The PSNI have found a \"viable\" pipe bomb in Dungiven, County Londonderry.", "Parents have been warned about an intruder at a Ceredigion nursery, according to a letter seen by BBC Wales.", "Home improvements retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a controlling stake in B&Q China to Wumei Holdings.", "Former Premier League striker Leon McKenzie is to fight for a national boxing title.", "RSPB Scotland has urged people to discard unwanted plastic bags carefully after a rare bird was photographed with one caught in its beak.", "Police have launched an investigation after the body of man was found in an alleyway in Rochdale.", "All but one council area of Nottinghamshire, including Nottingham city, has voted to leave the EU.", "Anthony Joshua has the \"brutish strength\" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to Audley Harrison.", "A full DNA profile has been developed of a man whose near-complete skeleton was found close to a motorway.", "Peter Houston has targeted a Scottish Championship play-off place after being unveiled as the new manager of Falkirk.", "A man died despite a rescue attempt at Penzance Harbour.", "Ryan Johnston's half-time introduction help Kilcoo edge out 13-man Scotstown 1-8 to 0-9 in the Ulster Club Football preliminary round game at Clones.", "Welsh athlete Helen Jenkins is determined to join Non Stanford and Vicky Holland in the GB triathlon team at the Rio Olympics.", "As Irish PM Enda Kenny quits as Fine Gael leader, eyes are focusing on who might succeed him.", "The second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has again been adjourned, a coroner has confirmed.", "The company that conducts most of America's rocket launches has released details of its next generation vehicle.", "American rapper A$AP Yams died of an accidental drug overdose, according to New York City's chief medical examiner.", "Doncaster Rovers boss Dean Saunders says the club are continuing to investigate claims that forward El-Hadji Diouf breached club discipline.", "Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will partner rookies in Saturday's foursomes as Europe begins day two of the Ryder Cup 5-3 behind the United States.", "Rents for premium office space in Belfast city centre have risen by 19%, but experts say still not enough to generate a boom in developments.", "The pilot of a police helicopter has called for a ban on lasers after a beam of light was shone at his aircraft as it flew over Northamptonshire.", "Scientists at Oxford University have developed a machine that can lip-read better than humans.", "Theresa May's intention at this summit was to reassure other countries that life after the EU might be tricky to work out, but in the end, all will be just fine.", "Pakistan coach Waqar Younis has dismissed suspicions over his side's performance in the third one-day international against England.", "YouTube is to scrap \"unskippable\" 30-second advertisements on the video-streaming service, from 2018.", "Defenders James Chester, Paul Dummett and Adam Matthews have been included in the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 12 June.", "Judgement has been reserved at the end of the 'gay cake' case in Northern Ireland.", "A man accused of forced labour charges told a Cardiff Crown Court he treated the alleged victim, \"like a member of the family\".", "A 21-year-old woman has died following a crash involving two cars in south Belfast.", "A hall of fame celebrating rugby union's past has been officially opened at the sport's birthplace.", "The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has appointed the first female college commander in its history.", "An armed raid at a jewellers could be linked to one at another branch three months ago, police have said.", "Sam Robson and Paul Stirling scored centuries as reigning champions Middlesex dominated the opening day against Yorkshire at Lord's.", "Police are searching for two teenage boys after one of them shone a laser into a woman's eye in Clydebank, leaving her blind in one eye.", "A psychiatrist told a murder trial the death of a nine-year-old Lincoln boy was one of the most \"callous killings\" he had ever seen.", "Reading winger Jobi McAnuff says he hopes to end his playing career at the Championship club.", "Plans have been submitted to Highland Council for the new Inverness Justice Centre.", "Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the \"jury is still out\" on manager Russell Slade.", "High Street retailer Next has been hit with a \u00a322.4m tax bill after a court found it diverted profits made in the UK offshore to avoid paying tax.", "Elusive artist Banksy has landed a South Bank Sky Arts Award nomination for his Dismaland theme park.", "A Paralympian has said an MRI scan showing no sign of a tumour that had threatened to crush his spinal cord was better than winning a gold medal.", "English rider Guy Martin will not compete in the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod for the third year in a row.", "The price of carbon hit a record low in Europe on Monday as the over-supply of emissions permits during the global economic downturn continued to undermine the carbon market.", "Ghana has demanded a $500,000 (\u00a3350,000) refund after its transport ministry spent $1m to paint more than 100 buses with portraits of the country's recent leaders.", "Four people have been arrested in the Paris region and southern France, officials say, on suspicion of recruiting militants to fight in Syria.", "Tributes have been paid to a forensic archaeologist who led the searches for the Disappeared - people murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.", "The first application to explore for shale gas in the East Midlands has been submitted to a Nottinghamshire council.", "Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a publicity photo showed her with the Arabic word for \"Allah\" tattooed on her upper body.", "A turtle, thought to be from the Gulf of Mexico, that washed up on a Cumbrian beach has died.", "Dual-code international Joel Tomkins has returned to rugby league side Wigan Warriors after a three-year spell in rugby union with Saracens.", "Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith has signed a new deal to stay with the Championship side until 2022.", "Barrow want to retain Andy Cook but expect the striker to explore opportunities in the Football League, says manager Paul Cox.", "A giant panda in Hong Kong called Ying Ying is pregnant and due to give birth within a week, officials at an amusement park say.", "Two more people have died of injuries sustained in Friday's Bucharest nightclub fire, doctors say, raising the death toll in the disaster to 29.", "A woman has admitted killing her partner who was fatally stabbed after returning home from a day at the races.", "A girl left disabled after being starved of oxygen at birth has been awarded a multimillion-pound compensation package.", "Social services staff have been criticised after a boy spent two years living with a relative who was a convicted paedophile.", "Facebook \"tramples\" on European privacy law by tracking people without consent, Belgium's privacy watchdog has said.", "Downton Abbey will be coming back for a sixth series in 2015, ITV has confirmed.", "Prime Minister Theresa May has laughed off questions about whether Chancellor Philip Hammond would still be in place after the general election.", "Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's music business-based drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after one season.", "Childline received a call from children experiencing suicidal thoughts in Northern Ireland almost every day over the course of last year.", "Plans for a new \u00a33m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by the town's council.", "Olympic great Michael Phelps swam a third 2015 world-best time in as many days in the 200m individual medley at the USA National Championships.", "A man has been arrested after two men died when a car and lorry crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.", "Fans were locked out of Baltimore Orioles' game against Chicago White Sox following violent protests in the city.", "Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a four-vehicle crash on the A465 in Monmouthshire.", "Administrators have confirmed the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in Inverclyde to businessman Jim McColl's firm, Clyde Blowers Capital.", "An associate of convicted hate preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 28 months for knocking a boy unconscious because he was cuddling a girl.", "Prisons are struggling to cope with the increasing number of elderly, sick and disabled people behind bars, a Prison Reform Trust report says.", "A 34-year-old man has been charged after windows were smashed and a doctor was verbally abused at a west Belfast health centre.", "A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck Aceh province in Indonesia on Wednesday, killing at least 97 people.", "Armagh moved to within a point of top spot with a 3-15 to 0-11 victory over Louth side in Drogheda.", "A Parisian woman is taking the French state to court for failing to protect her health from the effects of air pollution.", "New Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron says he \"absolutely supports equality\" amid questions over his Christian faith and politics.", "The High Court in Dublin is to resume a case in which a privacy campaigner is trying to block Facebook from sending EU citizens' personal data to the US.", "Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.", "A number of emergency call outs to properties being fumigated with pest control \"smoke bombs\" has prompted a warning from Dorset Fire Service.", "Tens of thousands of trees have been brought down by storms that wreaked havoc across northern and western Poland, the forestry service says.", "Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at Station Park.", "One of four men wrongly accused of murdering a British soldier has said he is \"devastated, but not surprised\" to learn that interview notes relating to the case have gone missing.", "Record-breaking Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka has returned safely to Earth after spending 879 days in orbit.", "Romania's women won gold in the women's team epee to secure their country's first medal at Rio 2016.", "Diesel car owners could get some help from the government if cities adopt new charges to tackle pollution, the prime minister has suggested.", "Dundee manager Neil McCann wants to improve the club's scouting network after a difficult summer of trying to bring in players.", "Former Wales and British and Irish Lion John Faull has died aged 83.", "Tiger Woods admits he has concerns over the physical challenge of stepping up his return from long-term injury.", "A grandmother has described how the victim of a paramilitary-style shooting in west Belfast knocked on her door asking for help after the attack.", "A man alleged to have helped run the notorious Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.", "A hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near Chichester in West Sussex.", "Zambia coach Beston Chambeshi says his team is highly motivated for Wednesday's Fifa Under-20 World Cup tie against Germany.", "Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have held surprise talks on a \"strategic partnership treaty\".", "Police have cleared hundreds of Roma people from a slum-like camp built on a disused rail line in north Paris.", "A Hampshire pier and ferry service facing an uncertain future is a \"national treasure\" which should be saved, television historian Dan Snow has said.", "The family of a young musician killed in a car crash is aiming to fulfil his lifelong ambition to buy land and create an outdoor centre for children.", "A childhood friend of Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is developing a hospital garden in his honour.", "A video of leading Philippines presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte joking about a murdered Australian rape victim has provoked a storm of protest.", "Hundreds of photos of Bristol taken for a competition to show \"24 Hours in Our City\" are on show.", "Sales and profits slipped at Boeing last year, driven largely by lower deliveries of its military aircraft.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells retained his European men's lightweight pair title as he and San Scrimgeour took gold for Britain in Brandenburg.", "India's 19-Test unbeaten run was emphatically ended as Australia beat them by 333 runs in the first of a four-match series.", "Pilgrims Bay produced a late surge to win the BetBright Chase at Kempton Park.", "A study of Irish Traveller genetics has suggested that they split socially from the settled population much earlier than thought.", "The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been reopened after a landslide led to travel on the road being restricted to between 07:00 and 19:00.", "A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and woman at a Dundee flat.", "Gordon Benson claimed Great Britain's first European Games gold medal with victory in the men's triathlon in Baku, Azerbaijan.", "A further \u00a327m for the refurbishment of the Burrell Collection has been approved by Glasgow City Council.", "The restoration of natural bends to a river in Cumbria after 200 years has spawned benefits for breeding fish.", "France has charged Yemenia Airways with manslaughter over a 2009 crash off the Comoros Islands that killed 152 people, judicial sources say.", "Five-time world player of the year Marta Vieira da Silva has joined Orlando Pride in America's National Women's Soccer League.", "Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Laurent Frayssinous.", "Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin babies, Gabriella and Jacques, the palace has announced.", "Northern Ireland's Amy Foster safely progressed to the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games but Jason Smyth and Leon Reid bowed out of the men's sprint event.", "Three people were arrested amid violent scenes as groups demonstrating against immigration clashed with anti-racism protesters in Dover.", "Nigel Farage should take a break \"as leader\" of UKIP but not a break from being leader, the party's only MP says.", "The Wedgwood Museum collection has been bought from administrators after \u00a315.75m was raised to save it.", "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the main players in the Arab world.", "The number of children and young people needing counselling about online bullying has increased by 88% over five years, according to a helpline.", "Police are hunting for a man who raped a 14-year-old girl from Hertfordshire while holding her prisoner for nearly 12 hours overnight.", "Residents in a County Fermanagh village have expressed anger at the \"heartless act\" of a driver who killed five cygnets.", "A community group has agreed a deal to take over a former Powys pub following concerns it was going to be turned into a well-known supermarket.", "Syphilis and gonorrhoea sexually transmitted infections are continuing to rise in England, new figures show.", "Britain's Chris Froome remains third in the Vuelta a Espana after a late crash caused chaos on Wednesday's stage five.", "The national air traffic service (Nats) has said a \"massive\" programme of modernisation is needed to keep up with demand for air travel.", "Hewlett-Packard says it will cut another 25,000-30,000 jobs, or 10% of its workforce, as it plans to split the company in two.", "The length of time ambulance crews spend waiting to hand over patients at hospital accident and emergency units in Yorkshire has doubled in a year.", "Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.", "British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 73.", "A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.", "The British and German economies are the \"beating heart\" of Europe, George Osborne has said as he heads to Berlin for talks on reforming the EU.", "A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory.", "The Indian state of Tamil Nadu is to hire the country's first transgender police officer after a court cleared hurdles that faced one applicant."]}