{"document": ["Officers properties in the Waterfront Park and Colonsay View areas of the city on Wednesday . Detectives three firearms , ammunition and a five-figure sum of money . A 26-year-old man who and at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday .", "Jordan Hill , Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper , all 18 , and Tanishia Covington , 24 , in a Chicago court on Friday . The four with hate crimes and kidnapping and battery , among other things . An online fundraiser for their victim $ 51,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 42,500 ) so far . the four suspects bail , Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil : \" Where your sense of decency ? \" Prosecutors the court the beating in a van and at a house , where the suspects allegedly the 18-year-old white victim , who from schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder , to toilet water and the floor . Police the van earlier by Mr Hill , who also of $ 300 from the victim 's mother while they him captive , to the Chicago Tribune . The court also the suspects a sock into his mouth , his mouth and his hands with a belt . In a video for Facebook Live which millions of times , the assailants can derogatory statements against white people and Donald Trump . The victim off at a McDonalds to Mr Hill - who one of his friends - on 31 December . He by a police officer on Tuesday , 3 January , a day after he by his parents . Prosecutors the suspects each two hate crimes counts , one because of the victim 's race and the other because of his disabilities .", "The 48-year-old former Arsenal goalkeeper for the Royals for four years . He youth academy director in 2000 and director of football since 2003 . A West Brom statement : \" He a key role in the Championship club twice promotion to the Premier League in 2006 and 2012 . \"", "that the giant telecoms company would not up , they into the shares , them up 3 % in early trading . BT a bullet - and , as the chief executive of Ofcom , Sharon White , , it for prosaic reasons . She complications with land deals and BT 's giant pension scheme there \" practical obstacles \" to a break-up that would the process several years . It the pension scheme that probably most Ofcom 's thinking . BT 's retirement scheme , from its time as a state-owned utility , assets of about \u00c2 \u00a3 40bn and a deficit , on some measures , of about \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn , even though BT in billions of pounds in recent years to the gap . Senior sources at the company that about 80 % of the scheme to Openreach , the internet infrastructure provider that BT 's rivals would to off . the pension as part of a break-up would a costly headache - and there the small matter of a government guarantee on part of the scheme , something that BT in the courts to and . two new pension schemes , with the risk of the financial resources of one or the other , might too hot a political potato , even in the pursuit of faster broadband . BT 's share price reaction might out to overdone . Ms White to the separation by not only a new board to Openreach , but also new articles of association that will directors a duty to customers of the network as much as the company 's owners . This out an obvious prospect of conflicts to , and counter to the normal assumption that in private companies , the shareholder king . It also an echo of the \" golden shares \" by the government in Rolls-Royce and BAE Systems , two companies important for the defence of the realm . In each case , the golden share actually by specific articles of association that directors and the government powers beyond those normally by company boards . BT 's chief executive , Gavin Patterson , he he could a compromise with Ofcom , but they would to the detail of the new articles . If they too much at odds with BT 's own desire to Openreach - which it will still - ready for a court battle and perhaps , eventually , a full break-up .", "\" I really forward to it - the home of Scottish football ,\" Rodgers ahead of his maiden visit . \" I the pitch good , a nice big pitch the speed in our team and our intensity . \" The technical area right out to the end of the pitch , but you might a taxi to back to your staff . \" This will Rodgers' second taste of the Old Firm derby and his experience of the fixture off to a great start with a 5-1 league victory at Celtic Park last month . \" It a brilliant performance by the players in every aspect ,\" he . \" Obviously this one on a neutral ground , but we 'll to a similar performance . \" We 'll prepared and focused . We it to a tough game . We that the last time . \" Rodgers also aware Celtic 's visit to Hampden last season in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers in defeat . \" The last experience there n't so good for Celtic ,\" he . \" But it a different team with a different mentality and we 'll to that mentality into the game . \" Rodgers two semi-finals in his time at Liverpool and to it third time lucky at the club he in the summer . \" You to - that what important and if you little bit of luck along the way then hopefully you 'll the result that you \" the Northern Irishman . \" So , for us , it really at our performance level , which in the main at a really high level . \" My focus always on my own team and , if we our style of play , it can a lot of problems to opponents . \" Unlike predecessor Ronny Deila , Rodgers would not on this semi-final a step on the way to a potential domestic treble . \" It very , very difficult to ,\" he . \" There great managers here in the past that n't that . \" But it the first competition where we a chance to a trophy and I always that it a priority for us because it the first one . \" Our idea to for the Champions League , which we , to a good start in the league , which we , and then to to the League Cup final . \" Unless you can that then you n't the chance to the trophies . \"", "The move in response to an \u00a3 8m cut in the subsidy from the Department of Employment and Learning ( DEL ) . The cut in undergraduate places will into effect from September 2015 . Job losses will among both academic and non-academic staff and Queen 's no compulsory redundancies should . There currently around 17,000 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students at the university , and around 3,800 staff . Queen 's a current intake of around 4,500 undergraduates per year . The university to the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years . The BBC that there no immediate plans to departments or courses , but that the cuts in funding may some departments and courses at risk . The Education Minister Stephen Farry he that some students might now to in other areas of the UK because of the cuts Northern Ireland 's universities . \" Some people will now to to opportunities in other parts of Great Britain and may not to our economy ,\" he . \" our investment in skills , particularly at a time when we to the economy not a lot of sense . What we backwards . \" The loss of any place damaging to our economy , all subjects our young people critical skills . \" Queen 's vice-chancellor Patrick Johnston the cuts the potential to the reputation of the university . \" The potential negative impact , not just on the university but on the local economy very significant ,\" he . \" It the last thing we to , but we to to on those areas where we can the organisation and it - it clear we can no longer on the public purse to tuition . \" If we not competitive we will not the best students , and we will not the best staff . \" Just under \u00a3 100m , a third of the university 's income , from the Northern Ireland Executive . DEL 's budget by \u00a3 62m earlier this year , and its budget for higher education institutions from \u00a3 203m to \u00a3 186m , a reduction of 8.2 % . Ulster University in February that it 53 courses . It will jobs and student places , but it not yet how many .", "The leaflets the patient for an urgent appointment as their symptoms might cancer . East Sussex NHS Trust the mix-up down to an external company that its material . It the wrong patient information leaflets to hospital appointment letters out in March . It now everyone to and what wrong . Liz Fellows , assistant director of operations at the trust , : \" It an administrative error and we for any unnecessary anxiety this error may . \" East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust Hastings , Eastbourne and Rother , and responsible for the Conquest Hospital and Eastbourne District Hospital . The trust that due to the large number of appointment letters it out it an external printing company to and appointment letters . It each letter to any supplementary information that to it . Ms Fellows : \" Unfortunately , for a short period in March , the printing company inadvertently approximately 850 letters in a ' two-week information leaflet ' with an appointment letter . \" As soon as the error apparent it immediately , and letters of apology out . \"", "The National League the Republic of Ireland midfielder to the Cherries for \u00a3 175,000 in 2012 and a 15 % sell-on clause in the deal . O'Kane for an undisclosed fee , but Nicholson any money will to the cash-strapped club . \" I n't I 'll anything ,\" Nicholson BBC Devon . \" There more important things . \" The Gulls still for new owners over by a consortium of local business people last summer . They to down the club 's academy and drastically the playing budget after millionaire former owner Thea Bristow the club .", "Iwan Wyn Lewis of Penygroes , Gwynedd , at Ysbyty Gwynedd after allegedly his mother . The 36-year-old by an officer in April 2016 about his bail arrangements , which a doctor could to his distress . His body in the Menai Strait on 2 May . Mr Lewis treatment at the hospital 's Hergest unit and later to the Cynan ward where he the visit from the officer . at the inquest in Caernarfon on Thursday , consultant psychiatrist Dr Olufemi Adebajo he \" extremely unhappy \" about the visit . \" I n't the police should able to to the ward without special permission ,\" he . by coroner Nicola Jones whether the conversation with the officer could to Mr Lewis' agitation and distress , Dr Adebajo : \" It quite possible - even likely \" . He he Mr Lewis for more than two years and never him to a suicide risk . The day before his death , he staff for extra medication because he he agitated , but they not his dosage because they could no sign of agitation . On the evening of 2 May , Mr Lewis staff he to the shop , but 45 minutes later his body in the Menai Strait . The inquest .", "The 33-year-old only twice for the Foxes this term , a new one-year deal with the Premier League newcomers in the summer . Former Blackpool forward Taylor-Fletcher three goals in 23 games for his parent club last season . He the 13th-placed Owls prior to Saturday 's Championship game against Norwich City .", "The ska group the news : \" It with deep regret that we goodbye to our great friend , the world 's greatest drummer , our beloved Brad . RIP . \" Bradbury The Specials in 1979 , and with the reversioned band The Special AKA , who a top 10 hit with Free Nelson Mandela . Bradbury part in The Specials reunion tour in 2009 . He also up a band JB Allstars . The band 's representatives the drummer in England but no cause of death . In a statement , his family : \" It with deepest regret that we to the very sad news that our much husband and father John ' Brad ' Bradbury away on Monday the 28 of December . \" Brad 's drumming the powerhouse behind The Specials and it as a key part to the Two Tone sound . He much in the world of drumming and his style of reggae and ska as genuinely ground-breaking when The Specials first the charts in 1979 . \" He an integral part of The Specials in 2008 and with them extensively up to the present day . His contribution to the world of music can not understated and he will much by family , friends and fans alike . \" It the family 's sincerest wish that they the time to him privately . \" The news three months after the band 's trombonist , Rico Rodriguez , . The band , for their 1960s mod-style outfits , seven UK top 10 singles Too Much Too Young and Ghost Town . Founder and songwriter Jerry Dammers the band in 1981 but they and to and without their former man . Billy Bragg one of the first musicans to tribute to Bradbury. : \" A bad day for good music . First we Lemmy , now news that Brad from the Specials away . RIP . \" Bradbury and up in Coventry where the band in 1977 . Music producer Pete Waterman , also from Coventry , his shock at the news of the Bradbury 's death . to BBC Coventry and Warwickshire , Waterman : \" I always a good laugh with Brad . He always proud of in the band and what we and he 'd . \" He never Coventry because he always to part of the scene ... he tremendous . \"", "The 14-time major champion , in his first full PGA Tour event for almost 18 months , a level-par second round of 72 , but the cut by four shots after his first-round 76 . World number one Jason Day and US Open champion Dustin Johnson also the cut at Torrey Pines in San Diego . Overnight leader Rose a one-under 71 to him on eight under . Canada 's Adam Hadwin and USA 's Brandt Snedeker in second on seven under , while US PGA champion Jimmy Walker the cut as he on three over . Woods in just his second tournament since 15 months out with a back injury . \" It frustrating not able to a chance to the tournament ,\" the 41-year-old , who his last major , the US Open , at the same course in 2008 . \" Overall today a lot better than yesterday . I it better , I well again . I a lot of beautiful putts that n't in , but I it much better today , which nice . \" Scotland 's Martin Laird and England 's Paul Casey both on two under , while Ireland 's Shane Lowry on level par .", "Media playback not on this device \" If I it , I could backwards or up back on medication ,\" he . \" There also a chance of rejection . \" The former Manchester United , Newcastle and Blackburn forward kidney failure in 2015 after an airborne virus . He just to his role as a United ambassador surgery . The 45-year-old not even to to Barcelona for a Manchester United legends game on 30 June . Cole : \" It a long road ahead . It a tough road and different to the battles I before . \" It not like a football injury , when you to the gym and a bit harder . \" His 28-year-old nephew Alexander the donor kidney - \" a noble job \" as Cole it . Cole physically and most of the weight he through his illness . And while there still more work to , Cole , who will United 's assistant manager for the return legends game against Barcelona at Old Trafford on 2 September , forward to if a similar match in 2018 . He : \" I still very tired but I can a lot more than I able to two years ago . If this game next year I to out there . \" Earlier this week , another former Newcastle and England striker , Alan Shearer , the BBC he English clubs a long way off able to for the Champions League . Cole , : \" From what I in Europe , I not sure any of the English teams will it . They miles apart . \" If you at Real Madrid , Barcelona or Bayern Munich , a lot of the players people about Premier League clubs \u00a3 50m or \u00a3 60m for ca n't in their teams . \" That you where they at . \"", "Pakistan 's telecoms regulator the ban no longer necessary because Google , which YouTube , now a Pakistan-specific version . YouTube claims that the authorities can content . Many young Pakistanis the lifting of the ban but some activists details of the deal with Google . They there should greater transparency of the terms between Google and the government . A Pakistan Telecommunication Authority ( PTA ) official to the BBC that all internet service providers to access to YouTube . The Pakistan Telecommunication Company Ltd on its Facebook page on Monday : \" Welcome Back YouTube \" . Pakistan 's ministry of information technology : \" Google an online web process through which requests for access of material can by the PTA to Google directly . \" Google / YouTube will accordingly access to the offending material for users within Pakistan . \" However , a YouTube spokeswoman government requests for the removal of content would not automatically . \" We clear community guidelines , and when videos those rules , we them ,\" she . \" In addition , where we YouTube locally and we that a video illegal in that country , we may access to it after a thorough review . \" She requests by governments for content to would in YouTube 's Transparency Report . Pakistan 's ban on YouTube by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the US-made film Innocence of Muslims . The amateur-made video in the Muslim world and widespread protests for its portrayal of the Prophet Muhammad . More than a dozen people in protests in Pakistan . Blasphemy a crime in Pakistan and can the death penalty , although such a sentence not out . Google last week that it local versions of YouTube for Nepal , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .", "The 26-year-old in last week 's win over Exeter . Director of rugby Richard Cockerill BBC Radio Leicester : \" With eight weeks of the season to that probably the last we will of him . \" Meanwhile , scrum-half Sam Harrison , 24 , a new deal , but the length of the contract not . Benjamin by injuries since from Worcester in 2012 , a serious neck injury which his first-team debut by 15 months . He also a knee injury that him out for four months last term . But Cockerill : \" It certainly not too serious and he will a full recovery in the next eight to 10 weeks . \"", "The death toll over the last two days as officials more than 100 bodies once waters . Officials that the floods 450,000 people in the state . This years monsoon rains millions across at least 20 states in India . The north-eastern state of Assam also dozens and hundreds of thousands . The government aid packages for areas and Prime Minister Narendra Modi due to Assam on Tuesday . He the aim of his visit to a \" permanent solution \" to the flooding that Assam every year . The Press Trust of India news agency an official as that many people in Gujarat to their villages .", "Two snowsports enthusiasts at a Scottish ski resort before off down a run in their wedding attire . Bridget and Jonathan Reid , from Moy , near Tomatin in the Highlands , the knot at Nevis Range , near Fort William , on Friday . The couple first 's date six years ago a skiing trip , so they it would appropriate to on skis . Adventure photographer Hamish Frost their wedding snaps . Bridget , who a teacher , and Jonathan , who his own electrical automation company , from recent snowfalls for their big day . They in full Highland dress , which a kilt , and white wedding dress by snow-covered mountain landscape . The white stuff over winter , but last month 's Storm Doris and recent spells of colder weather with the operation of Nevis Range and Scotland 's other outdoor ski centres . The newly weds : \" Over the last couple of years we as many weekends as possible the Back Corries at Nevis Range . \" We the atmosphere , the friendliness of the staff and the amazing terrain for skiing . When we that we could actually there it a no-brainer . \" The couple at the top of Easy Gully in a ceremony by Halde Pottinger from the Humanist Society of Scotland . \" He totally up for us on skis and an amazing job . He currently to whether or not we the first wedding actually and in skis - officiate and couple ,\" the Reids . \" We ca n't actually we but there ca n't many . We also to the arm of adventure photographer Hamish Frost , who along to photographs . \" The couple : \" The day could not better . Without doubt it the best conditions of the year - with blue skies and fresh snow , we could not for more . \" They the staff of Nevis Range for \" a fabulous job our day possible \" , and for in \" a hell of a good party \" in the evening .", "The fine the conviction of former RBS trader , Shirlina Tsang , for fraud last year . She to 50 months in prison after records of markets trades . Hong Kong regulators RBS 's controls \" seriously inadequate \" . The Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) also there \" significant weaknesses in its procedures , management systems and internal controls . \" But the regulator the fine into account the bank 's speedy action in the authorities once it the illegal trades , which place in its markets rates business in 2011 . \" This substantial credit and the reason why today 's sanctions not heavier ones ,\" Mark Steward , the SFC 's head of enforcement , in a statement . RBS with a statement , : \" We in place a comprehensive remediation programme that our governance and supervisory oversight , and our control environment . \" The fine relatively small to others the bank in the last few years . In December RBS to 391m euros (\u00a3 320m ) in penalties to the European Commission for its role in the rigging of Yen Libor and Euribor - the Tokyo and euro equivalents of the London interbank rate , or Libor . In the same month it $ 100m (\u00a3 60m ) by US regulators for violations of US sanctions against Iran , Sudan , Burma , and Cuba . The bank to location information on payments to US financial institutions from countries such as Iran and Cuba .", "Mandla Hlatshwayo and his friend after a group of men who women of their mobile phones in a pub in Soweto . The suspects in possession of drugs and an unlicensed gun . South Africa one of the highest murder rates in the world with more than 50,000 cases every year . \" Police the suspects to if they can them to the shooting ,\" the police 's Lungelo Dlamini . Tributes still in for the star who also a DJ on local radio station Jozi FM . Those who the 40-year-old him as a selfless man .", "Witnesses officers they a gun near Anfield Road Primary School at about 09:00 GMT . Pupils and staff there and at the nearby All Saints Catholic Primary School to indoors while police . Ch Supt Mark Harrison it \" belief \" it would at a school . Members of the public police the shot at a dark car by a white man in a grey hooded top who on foot . A Merseyside Police spokeswoman local hospitals and \" no-one medical attention for injuries by a firearm \" . She officers house-to-house inquiries and CCTV footage of the area . Ch Supt Harrison the attack \" to \" and particularly worrying as \" a child could seriously or worse \" . He police to from those inside the car \" so we they safe \" . Anfield Road Primary School 's headteacher Clair Drew-Williams her pupils \" safe and unaware of the incident \" . \" The site not , the school day as normal and a trip for some pupils place as ,\" she .", "The Olympic champion , 29 , third overall at the end of a promising first day - traditionally her strongest - with a score of 3,928 points . On Sunday she a respectable 6.16m in the long jump but a disappointing 42.60m in the javelin . With the 800m , she 5,544 points , still on course for the 6,200 to for the Rio Olympics . Ennis-Hill in her first heptathlon since gold at London 2012 . A top-12 finish and score of 6,075 points would also qualification for this summer 's World Championships . Canada 's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton ahead of the final event , remarkably three personal bests on her way to a 5,834 score . latest updates and reports on the second day of the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting on the BBC Sport website on Sunday , 31 May .", "Only 90 will to Stormont - to 108 from previous assembly polls . Out of the 228 candidates , 70 women . The election will place on 2 March . Once again the DUP the most candidates with 38 , by Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in on 34 . The Ulster Unionist Party 24 candidates , while the SDLP and Alliance 21 each . The Green Party 18 candidates , the TUV , 14 , the Conservatives 13 and People Before Profit seven . The Workers Party five candidates in the race , the cross-community Labour Alternative four , the PUP and the Citizens Independent Social Thought Alliance three each and the UKIP one . There also 22 independent candidates in the field . West Tyrone , East Londonderry and East Antrim the largest number of candidates , with 15 on the ballot paper in each . The constituency with the fewest - nine - Newry and Armagh .", "We that question from Drew who a trip to New York in December . He : \" Should I my cash now or should I ? Will there much change between now and then ? \" Anthony Reuben , from BBC Reality Check , this answer : \" The BBC not financial advice , but here a few things to in mind ... \" The exchange rate between the pound and the dollar the views of investors about the relative strengths of the two economies . \" Since the Brexit vote in June the pound about 18 % against the dollar on the judgment that growth likely to stronger in the US than the UK and that UK interest rates while the next movement in US rates to upwards . \" But it always possible that something could to that view - there a presidential election in the US in November , for example . The outcome of that could a considerable difference to the exchange rate . \" You not necessarily to all your eggs in one basket - there also the option to your bets and half of your dollars now and half of them just before you , as long as you not to by extra charges for out two transactions . \" It always worth around when currency - your currency at the last minute at the airport . There plenty of comparison sites online that will you the most dollars possible for your pounds , even if it fewer than you would a few months ago . \" We readers to in questions about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100 . Anthony Drew 's question : \" I on to New York in December , should I my cash now or ? Will there much change between now and then ? \" a look at some of the other questions you us to : Why the NHS on homeopathy ? Could the UK over EU trade deals ? fracking the water supply ? If you this page on the BBC News app , you will to the mobile version of the BBC website to your question .", "More than 300 people Alternative Model of the Year with the winner by judges in Newcastle on Saturday . Vintage-fan Zoe Waters , 19 , from Bishop Auckland , a student at Newcastle University . Ms Waters she shocked to the winner . \" I always a bit crazy ,\" she . \" I n't why I to different , I I just always to what I and how I to rather than about what in fashion . \" She she now to a career in modelling . \" I only 5ft 3in tall and I never to normal so I never I could actually a model , I n't how big the alternative modelling world . \" Organiser Kieran Martin : \" There a lot of prejudice and hatred for people from sub-cultures so we to something that would the different lives we , we proud of what we . \" The final at Northumbria University in Newcastle .", "The Yomper statue currently in front of the Royal Marines Museum at Eastney . The National Museum of the Royal Navy over a move to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard . Campaigners it a local memorial to the conflict and \" \" at Eastney . The Yomper statue by Philip Jackson , a royal marine across the islands during the 1982 conflict and by former prime minister , Lady Thatcher , in 1992 . The National Museum of the Royal Navy ( NMRN ) to the Royal Marines Museum from Eastney to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 13m lottery project and to the statue with it . An online petition against the statue more than 1,800 signatories , it \" now as our local Falklands War Memorial \" . Sheila Mackie who it up : \" The scale of The Yomper space and adequate distance to fully , and the visualization of the part in the major campaign that the statue could n't in an interior space . \" Conservative-led Portsmouth City Council also to a \" clear preference \" that the statue where it it . Its motion : \" The Yomper statue the seafront for many years , as a reminder of both the Falklands War and of the Marines' historical association with Eastney . \" NMRN director Jon Rawlinson the new museum site would potentially 750,000 visitors a year , to 40,000 at the current museum . \" He would by far more people at the historic dockyard , but of course he for here [ Eastney ] and part of here . \" He no decision and it would all comments to its public consultation .", "It to the first breach of the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures ( TPim ) . The suspect at the Old Bailey of to a monitoring company and to a police station twice in January . The Home Office to on the case . TPims control orders in January 2012 . The suspect - who can only to as BM - one of nine British citizens subject to a TPim when the figures last in March . The BBC not aware of anyone else who in court with a breach of a TPim . The Home Office : \" We not on individual cases . The police all breaches of TPims and will where that viable . \" Those subject to a TPim can to overnight at a address and to a police station every day . Other measures a ban on particular individuals , to certain areas and places and abroad . Labour that TPims \" \" public protection against terrorism . In March , the independent reviewer of terror laws , David Anderson , TPims could less effective than control orders because they can for a maximum period of two years only . The court that BM with two counts of Section 23 of a TPim order . The allegations that on 16 January he to a monitoring company , and on 27 January to to a police station . BM , who a grey beard and for the hearing in a white shirt , cannot nor his address for legal reasons . The prosecutor Louise Gray for a provisional date of 2 July to for a plea and case management hearing . The defendant unconditional bail although he subject to the restrictions by his TPim . A trial date not .", "The 33-year-old over the role from Charlotte Burton , whom he last season alongside his coaching commitments at Brighton College . Seamer Anyon 199 wickets in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex between 2010 and 2014 and last year because of a knee injury . He will also the women 's under-19 and under-21 sides . \" This a great opportunity to with Sussex ,\" he . \" The women 's game fast-growing and I forward to my own experiences from professional cricket and them to the girls . \" Alexia Walker , Sussex 's most-capped women 's player and coach of the under-17 side , will on roles with the senior , under-21 and under-19 sides .", "The 23-year-old younger brother of Sunderland 's Wes Brown , on trial with the Shakers . Brown also spells at Bradford , Doncaster , Oldham , Coventry , Ipswich , Watford and Carlisle , over 50 appearances in the Football League . He available for Bury 's League One season opener as they to Doncaster on Saturday . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "About 47 % of South Africans less than the wage , which to income poverty and inequality . But critics it could more people out of work as employers might not able to the higher wages . The government it will on the issue , but to a minimum wage within two years . the rate , which by a panel of advisers , the country 's deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa : \" We now a step closer to discussions on the national minimum wage . All social partners will now what their take . \" He the panel not the figure as a living wage , but to a minimum payment for workers . Wages politically sensitive in the country , where the official unemployment rate close to 25 % . One employment expert the figure only about a quarter of the amount for the upkeep of a typical South African working-class household . Prof Chris Malikane of the University of Witwatersrand a Johannesburg radio station : \" You would 12,000 rand to a basic household . \" The African National Congress , South Africa 's party , the proposal it \" credible and clearly by clear evidence \" . However , the Economic Freedom Fighters , the country 's third largest political party , the plan \" business at the expense of workers \" . It for a higher minimum wage of at least 4,500 rand . South Africa a possible downgrade to sub-investment grade by credit ratings agencies next month , with concerns over violent wage strikes . Moody 's currently South Africa two notches above subinvestment grade , with a negative outlook , while Fitch and S & P Global Ratings it just a step above \" junk \" . However , Mr Ramaphosa : \" We tremendous progress on the labour instability issues ,\"", "Only 50.5 overs possible at the MCG , but Australia still wickets at regular intervals with Jackson Bird two for 53 . Azhar 's 110-ball half-century him 1,000 Test runs in 2016 . Australia the three-Test series 1-0 , Pakistan by 39 runs in the opener at the Gabba . Sami Aslam by Nathan Lyon after just nine and , after Azhar and Babar Azam through the remainder of the morning , Azam the last ball before lunch from Josh Hazlewood to Steve Smith his second catch . Misbah-ul-Haq 11 off 13 balls with a four and a six before brilliantly at short leg by Nic Maddinson off Bird . Bird Younus Khan off an inside edge to a third-wicket stand of 51 . The wicket shortly before the tea break and the weather that interval early and never .", "It the first time the Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) system to two members in the same ward in a by-election . The SNP the vote in the Leith Walk by-election , while Scottish Labour the second seat from the Greens . The by-election after Deidre Brock of the SNP and Maggie Chapman of the Scottish Greens down . The SNP 's John Lewis Ritchie the Leith Walk poll with 2,290 votes . He at stage one in the STV process with a swing in first-preference votes of 7.6 % from Labour . Labour 's Marion Donaldson 1,623 votes , ahead of Susan Jane Rae of the Scottish Greens on 1,381 . Ms Donaldson at stage 10 of the voting process after other preferences . The by-election after Ms Brock down when she as the SNP MP for Edinburgh North and Leith in May . Ms Chapman , of the Scottish Greens , from her post to on for the Scottish Parliament in next May 's election . The turnout for the by-election 25.1 % . The SNP also the Midlothian West seat on Midlothian Council with a swing of 6.3 % from Labour . The party 's Kelly Parry 1,540 votes , ahead of Labour 's Ian Miller on 945 votes . The by-election after Owen Thompson as SNP MP for the Midlothian constituency .", "Hooker Hughes , 20 , for Llandovery during the 2015-16 season while 19-year-old flanker Evans for Scarlets' Under-18 side . Both players in Wales' squad for June 's Junior World Championship . Wales Ireland , Georgia and New Zealand in Pool A in Manchester . \" They both a very successful Six Nations campaign and will confidence into the forthcoming World Championships ,\" Scarlets general manager of rugby Jon Daniels .", "Eleven people when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet into traffic on the A27 on 22 August . West Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth the recovery operation \" extremely challenging \" for crews . Sussex Police also their work at the scene , but their investigations . Mr Ruth the fire service \" truly humbled \" by the messages of support it . \" The thoughts and prayers of everyone at West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service to with the families and friends of those and in the Shoreham Air Show tragedy ,\" he . He that Friday would the last day his crews at the scene and to people for the \" over-whelming support we \" . \" In my 27 years of service I never such an outpouring of gratitude and respect as I on behalf of West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service over the last few weeks - from letters and emails , to words of thanks in the street , and from visitors at a number of our local fire stations ,\" he . Det Chief Insp Carwyn Hughes , of Sussex Police , : \" Our officers and staff meticulous and hard over the past three weeks to answers for the victims' families . \" We now work on the A27 , however our investigation . \" On Thursday , the Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) it to 51-year-old pilot Andy Hill as soon as possible . Reports that Mr Hill , a former RAF pilot from Sandon , near Buntingford in Hertfordshire , hospital not by police . An initial AAIB report Mr Hill clear of the aircraft during the later part of the crash , but it not clear whether he his ejection . After the crash , the pilot 's family a statement which they and deeply by the loss of life and prayers and heartfelt condolences to the families of all those . West Sussex County Council the single westbound lane of the A27 to to traffic next week but screens will up on the roadside indefinitely for reclamation work on the land to .", "Spokesman Josh Earnest a private party on Saturday but little else . The guest list of 500 to lobbyists , CEOs and celebrities . The Rev Al Sharpton about a performance by Prince and Steve Wonder . The civil rights activist and TV host it \" awesome \" to them both on the keyboards . Mr Earnest the Obamas' for the party on \" their own dime \" , but would not how much the party . The New York Post that film director Tyler Perry , actresses Angela Bassett and fashion designer Naeem Khan among the celebrity guests .", "Causanagh Road , Loughgall Tannyoky Road , Poyntzpass Carrowreagh Road , Dundonald Edenticullo Road , Hillsborough New Line Road , Rathfriland Drumanure Road , Derrygonnelly", "The Alabama Securities Commission the investigation , which financial fraud against the elderly . After an agent Lee , the commission 's head he satisfied she a second book . The new work - a Watchman - will the 88-year-old American author 's first release since the 1960s . The surprise move some suggestions Lee into the decades-old manuscript , which by her lawyer in the author 's possessions last year . \" We the file . 's just that she able to questions we to our satisfaction from our point of view ,'' Joseph Borg , Alabama Securities Commission director . The New York Times that the investigation by requests from a doctor that the state whether Lee capable to to the release of the work . Lee herself \" extremely hurt \" by allegations she , her lawyer Tonja Carter . To a Mockingbird in July 1960 and more than 40 million copies around the world . a Watchman before To A Mockingbird , and many of the same characters , with an adult Scout Finch to her native Alabama from New York to her father .", "Washington Russia and the Syrian government for their attacks against civilians . Last week , the US it would the talks unless Moscow the city of Aleppo . Russia it the US move , it of the blame for the collapse of last month 's truce . Aleppo , Syria 's largest city in the north , under heavy aerial bombardment since the end of the ceasefire two weeks ago . The main trauma hospital in the rebel-held eastern part of the city in an air strike for the third time in a week , activists on Monday . Hundreds of people , children , since government forces an offensive to full control of Aleppo after the week-long truce . Some 250,000 people in eastern Aleppo . In a statement , state department spokesman john Kirby : \" The United States its participation in bilateral channels with Russia that to the cessation of hostilities . \" Unfortunately , Russia to up to its own commitments ... and also either unwilling or unable to Syrian regime adherence to the arrangements to which Moscow . \" Rather , Russia and the Syrian regime to a military course ,\" Mr Kirby , that \" this not a decision that lightly \" . He Moscow and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's troops \" of critical infrastructure such as hospitals , and humanitarian aid from civilians in need , through the 19 September attack on a humanitarian aid convoy \" . Moscow strongly involvement of its own or Syrian planes in the deadly aid convoy strike , and the incident by fire on the ground and not by an air strike . In response to the US suspension of the talks , Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova : \" We this decision by Washington . \" \" Washington simply not the key condition of the agreement to the humanitarian condition around Aleppo . \" After to the agreements that they themselves out , they to responsibility on to someone else ,\" Ms Zakharova . She also that the US to jihadist groups in Syria from the moderate opposition . Russia and the US due to in Geneva to to air strikes against jihadist groups , but American officials to home . The US also that it would personnel \" that in anticipation of the possible establishment of the Joint ( US-Russian ) Implementation Centre \" . However , the two sides would about counter-terrorism operations in Syria to unnecessary clashes .", "The parishioners at St Paul 's , Shipley , the video on Facebook in February after a traditional advert to any applicants . It more than 30,000 times and media coverage across the UK . The new vicar , Henriette Howarth , will up the post next week . The song , by the children with the help of the church 's musical director Rachel Hesselwood , the qualities the new vicar . It with the lines : \" If you this choice position a cheery disposition . us , lots , games , jokes . \" Other requirements \" You must kind , you must fair . Bible stories you will . \" Boy or girl it n't - but you must Harry Potter ! \" It with a promise by the children to the church tidy and not to \" in your sermons , we 'll good you 'll \" .", "The Belgium international , 24 , the game from the bench but awkwardly in injury time . His agent Patrick de Koster initially De Bruyne would six weeks . But , after a specialist , the \u00a3 55m former Wolfsburg player : \" I 'll out for around 10 weeks . \" De Bruyne could up to 13 league and cup games , the League Cup final with Liverpool on 28 February , both legs of the Champions League last-16 tie with Dynamo Kiev and the Manchester derby on 20 March . The Belgian City 's second top goalscorer with 12 this season , four behind striker Sergio Aguero . De Koster : \" Kevin me the only thing he can hard and back . Kevin sad . His dream to always football . \" De Bruyne one goal and up another to City to a 4-3 aggregate victory over the Toffees . Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles , who repeatedly to up De Bruyne as he , social media to sorry . \" I would to to Kevin de Bruyne for my reaction to his injury ,\" the 25-year-old Spaniard . \" In the heat of the moment I n't he badly hurt . I him all the best and a speedy recovery . \"", "The attacker , a 27-year-old Swiss man , also on Sunday , they . Five other people when the man fire to the train and passengers in the attack on Saturday . Two of them , a six-year-old child , in a serious condition . Police that , as yet , there no indication of a political or terrorist motive for the attack . The attack around 14:20 ( 12:20 GMT ) as the train Salez station , between the towns of Buchs and Sennwald . Several dozen passengers on board at the time . In a statement ( in German ) , St Gallen cantonal police video evidence from inside the train the attacker , with a knife , out a flammable liquid . Six people - the attacker - . The seventh person a man on the platform who the attacker off the train . Forensic experts the flammable liquid and the scene of the crime . Police the attacker in a canton St Gallen . His address . On the basis of the video evidence , police the man alone .", "The Flybe passenger aircraft at about 900ft ( 275m ) and about 2 miles ( 3km ) from Cornwall Airport Newquay when it on Tuesday afternoon , police . Devon and Cornwall Police a search of the area but not the drone or operator . Insp Dave Meredith it \" an incredibly concerning incident \" . Latest on the drone near miss , and other stories from Devon and Cornwall \" The close proximity of the drone to the passenger aircraft a complete disregard by the operator for public safety and we to the public for information to us down this reckless drone operator ,\" Insp Meredith . A spokeswoman for Cornwall Airport Newquay a drone within the air traffic zone adjacent to the final approach to the airport as the plane in from London Stansted 62 passengers . \" Although on this occasion there no danger of collision , Air Traffic Control ( ATC ) this incident to the police as the drone should not in that area without ATC clearance and a potential danger to flights ,\" she . A spokesperson for the UK Civil Aviation Authority : \" Airspace proximity incidents , whether two aircraft , or a drone and an aircraft , to fully to the level of risk . \" The UK Airprox Board , which airspace proximity incidents , it not any official report of the incident yet . Flybe it would \" closely \" with all relevant authorities to the perpetrators of any activity which could passenger safety . Operators of any small unmanned surveillance aircraft must not them within 50m ( 164 ft ) of any vessel , vehicle or structure which not under the user 's control , unless they permission from the Civil Aviation Authority , to the Air Navigation Order 2009 . Figures there more near misses between drones and aircraft over the UK in the first six months of 2016 than the whole of the previous year .", "The grey seal at Cruden Bay on Tuesday . The Scottish SPCA the seal from beach and it to the charity 's rescue centre where it free . Ch Insp John Carle : \" The amount of netting around the seal 's neck the largest I ever . It a lovely moment the seal back into the water . \" He : \" He so large and heavy it three of our officers to him and him to our centre in Drumoak where we the net away . \" If he n't and the net would eventually through his skin which could in septicaemia or other infections . \" Thankfully there no injuries in this case and we able to him relatively quickly . \" This a very happy ending and we so glad we able to . \"", "The archive of travel writer , war hero and adventurer Sir Patrick Leigh Fermor by the National Library of Scotland . The collection letters from Prince Charles and Truman Capote . Sir Patrick , who as Paddy , in 2011 at the age of 96 . He several books on his travels around the world and one of the most prized items in the archive the only notebook from his 1933 trek across Europe . The trek the material for his most famous books , ' A Time of Gifts ' , ' Between the Woods and the Water ' and ' The Broken Road ' . Thousands of items which 16 metres of shelving a year to by library staff . Along with letters from notable 20th century figures they also literary manuscripts , sketches and what to an unpublished John Betjeman poem on the back of an envelope . Sir Patrick much of World War Two on Nazi-occupied Crete . During his time there he himself as a shepherd to guerrilla operations against the Nazis . He one of the most daring feats of the war in 1944 , the commander of the German garrison on Crete . The 1957 film Dirk Bogarde ' Ill Met by Moonlight ' on the operation . Graham Stewart , the library curator who on the archive project , : \" It a history of the colourful life of a celebrated writer . He undoubtedly a superstar of his day and his books , if anything , in popularity over the years . \" There already a lot of interest in the archive and we this to now among Leigh Fermor fans and people interested in the 20th century more generally . \" The library on some of the archive so it can on its website . They also exhibitions and displays of the collection so more people will able to it . The archive to the library by the John R Murray Charitable Trust . John Murray Sir Patrick 's publisher and the trust also the cataloguing of the collection .", "Mr Roache , who secretary of the union 's Yorkshire region , 56.7 % of the vote , while the only other candidate , Paul McCarthy , from the North West region , 43.3 % . The union the third largest in the UK with more than 600,000 members . Current general secretary Paul Kenny in the summer he down after almost a decade in the job . Mr Roache 35 years experience at the GMB and the Leeds City Council 13-week refuse and street cleaning strike in 2009 - the longest in the union 's history . He he \" proud and humbled \" to . \" I will GMB members' faith in me by a 21st Century union that for our members , their families and communities , every hour of every day . \" Mr Roache also tribute to Mr Kenny for his work \" that GMB the envy of the union movement \" . Details of the handover date yet to . The GMB one of the three largest affiliates to the Labour Party and a significant financial contributor to the party locally and nationally .", "The club , which by its fans via the Exeter City Supporters Trust , a total profit of \u00a3 1.642m for 2014-15 , mainly due to the sale of midfielder Matt Grimes to Swansea City . The deal in January 2015 for \u00a3 1.75m , a record sale for the club . The profits in the same year that the club to an emergency loan to players' wages . In June 2014 cashflow problems the Professional Footballers' Association in to the players and Exeter into a transfer embargo which only in August of that year . The club 's accounts also that Exeter a surplus of shareholders' funds of \u00a3 761,000 , to a deficit of \u00a3 880,000 the previous year and their cost base by almost 5 % . Exeter to St James Park after planning permission last month . \" The board in broad terms how the income from the transfer should to the infrastructure strength of the club in line with its vision and underlying model and these plans now in detail for further presentation ,\" a club statement .", "The United Arab Emirates thrower at Newham Leisure Centre for the World Para-athletics Championships in London . Majid Rashed , vice president of the UAE International Paralympic Committee , \" the cage on the athlete 's head \" . Hayayei , 36 , dead at the scene at 17:20 BST on Tuesday . The Health and Safety Executive and police the incident , which by some of Hayayei 's team-mates and UAE staff . \" I can the cage on the athlete 's head - but how that , we can not ,\" Rashed on Wednesday . Media playback not on this device The IPC two of the athlete 's personal coaches present but not . Hayayei , a father of five , to in the F34 class at the Championships . \" He ambitious , he to medals for his country and for his family . He a lot of dreams within the para-sports movement , \" Rashed , that the UAE team will still in London . \" The athletes very close to Abdullah , they in the same centre in the UAE . It really very difficult for all of us but we ourselves that we to and we to something for Abdullah , the best performance from the athletes . \" We with the athletes to them in a better situation , obviously today will better than yesterday , tomorrow we will even better for them . \" The Metropolitan Police emergency services \" shortly after 17:00hrs on Tuesday ... to reports of a seriously man at Newham Leisure Centre \" . It : \" At this early stage , it the man by a metal pole which part of training facilities at the centre . \" IPC president Sir Philip Craven : \" We all truly devastated by this tragic news and the passing of Abdullah . \" Hayayei his Paralympic debut at Rio 2016 , sixth in the javelin F34 and seventh in shot F34 . London 2017 , which on Friday , to Hayayei 's second World Championships . At the 2015 event in Doha , Qatar , he fifth in the discus F34 and eighth in shot F34 . He to in the shot , discus and javelin F34 events . A moment of silence will in honour of Hayayei during Friday 's opening ceremony at London Stadium .", "The end of last year growth across several sectors of the economy , but there concerns about prices , skill shortages and sales . Manufacturers their highest growth in new orders for nearly three years , with export demand still strong . In retail , there also a return to optimism - though only just , and despite profitability . In tourism , firms visitor numbers in the final quarter of the year , but sales revenues . Responses to the survey , out for the Chambers of Commerce by Strathclyde University economists at the Fraser of Allander Institute , more positive than the economic figures on Wednesday . The Labour Force Survey and the Gross Domestic Product figures weakness in the Scottish economy , while an earlier part of 2016 than the Chambers' survey . While the GDP assessment from the Scottish government a sharp contraction in the past year , the Chambers a more positive picture , with growth in private commercial contracts . However , there warning signals survey , with tourism companies difficulties in skilled recruits . Retail firms up prices . Construction an investment dip . The weakest of the five sectors finance and business services . More firms in that large part of the economy employment than it . But on balance , firms sales revenue to . Neil Amner , chairman of the Scottish Chambers of Commerce economic advisory group , : \" Our latest economic data that many Scottish businesses will a successful 2017 , with business optimism positive for many sectors . \" This good news for the economy , particularly as we to with international uncertainty and domestic issues a rating revaluation and a potential divergence of Income Tax between Scotland and the rest of the UK . \" The overall business mood positive but firms business growth to by prices , tightening of cash flow and profitability , higher import costs by exchange rates and a likely increase of inflation as the year on . \" On the converse side , exporters to a healthy growth in trade , though perhaps not quite up to their initial expectations . \" Optimism could hardly more finely and anything that the boat could the glass from half full to half empty . \" Business success in 2017 will largely upon the ability of firms to costs and for consumer demand to strong in the face of pressures to real incomes . \"", "Wellington monument on the Blackdown Hills , in Somerset , in 1817 but since 2005 it off because of stone debris . The National Trust ground-penetrating radar on the 174ft ( 53m ) tower to under its stone cladding . Ken Evans , from the trust , the work \" crucial \" . on one of the highest points of the Blackdown Hills , the landmark up as a tribute to the Duke of Wellington 's military achievements at the Battle of Waterloo . But to the trust , it by lightning twice in its history and the very tall landmark every 10 to 15 years \" expensive and unsustainable \" . Mr Evans , the trust 's building surveyor , the radar study one of several out to \" this unique and somewhat complex monument \" . \" We wind and movement sensors which already us by that it n't in the wind quite as much as we ,\" he . \" The ground-penetrating radar to voids and gaps in the stonework under the surface but should also us more about the materials which to the obelisk . \" Data from the detailed survey will also to a computer model of the obelisk and with a \" more effective repair approach \" .", "The world 's biggest clothing retailer net earnings of \u20ac 1.26bn (\u00a3 1.1bn ) in the six months to 31 July - up 8 % on the same period last year . Sales from \u20ac 9.4bn to \u20ac 10.5bn , an increase of 11 % . The group 's clothes can now online in around 40 countries , it . Inditex eight brands in 90 countries Pull & Bear , Massimo Dutti and Bershka . How Zara 's founder the richest man in the world - for two days Chairman and chief executive Pablo Isla the firm 's investment in technology , the firm its online stores to 11 new countries in the period . It also mobile phone payment in all its Spanish stores , with the objective of \" the service to other countries \" . This will online apps for all of its brands and a specific app for the whole group InWallet . Mr Isla : \" Both our online and bricks-and-mortar stores seamlessly , by platforms such as mobile payment , and other technological initiatives that we will to . \" Tom Gadsby , an analyst at Liberum , the firm 's \" online drive \" important . \" I over the years they may they n't to as many stores to their strong growth rate as the online channel will increasingly important ,\" he . \" And while Zara available in many of the territories in which they [ online ] , most of their other brands n't readily available outside Europe online . \" So there a big opportunity there for them to online into new territories . \" The company also it from steady economic growth in Spain , where Inditex about a fifth of its sales . That country 's clothing market at an average of 3 % in the three-months to the end of July , to the Spanish statistics agency . All of the group 's brands their international presence during the period , with 83 new stores in 38 countries . In a call with analysts , it it would 6-8 % of new store space over course of the year . The firm 's strong performance it apart from European rivals H & M and Next , which unseasonal weather for below-forecast results this year .", "It as a documentary , The Betrayed Girls on BBC One about nine Asian men for teenage girls in the town in 2012 . Laura , who by the gang from the age of 13 until she 17 , the targeting of girls by Asian men still on in Greater Manchester . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) it \" committed \" to abusers . Laura , whose identity as a victim of a sex crime , BBC Two 's Victoria Derbyshire show she in Oldham town centre through an Asian community a couple of months ago . \" I still cars over to me me if I to for a drink ,\" Laura . \" It not them . I n't actually they that they something wrong . \" Nazir Afzal the north west 's former chief crown prosecutor who the case against the Rochdale gang five years on some victims nationally still not to . Mr Afzal a decision not to nine men who the child sex exploitation ring . He there \" significant rises \" in investigations and prosecutions into the crime and victims more confident in abuse and they better support . However , he : \" Victim support groups nationally still me victims not consistently to and the case too difficult to [ to court ].\" He also some victims of historical child sex exploitation that police on current cases , too . Mr Afzal agencies must more proactive and more \" collaborative working \" between the police , councils and other agencies and voluntary groups . GMP it \" vital \" they the lessons from the past and it \" absolutely committed \" to with partners across Greater Manchester to the sexual exploitation of children and young people . \" We tirelessly for many years to this abhorrent crime from and support to victims and their families . \" Rochdale Council public services \" collectively \" the victims but lessons \" from it \" . Steve Rumbelow , chief executive of Rochdale Borough Council , : \" Since 2012 the council and its partners to the changes , to knowledge , harm , those who to children and better victims and survivors . \" The documentary which testimonies from victims for the first time a BBC One drama Three Girls . Source : Greater Manchester Police", "Torrents of water down a ceiling and stock in the Victoria Centre store at about 22:40 BST on Tuesday . Managers for a weekend reopening but it now \" until further notice \" . Staff with the clean-up operation . Water through from a rooftop room , the top floor under three inches of water and stock \" significantly \" . A spokeswoman : \" Our teams around the clock to the shop open as quickly as possible and we sorry for the inconvenience this to our customers . \"", "Attendances in recent years since the Premiership side from Edgeley Park in Stockport to AJ Bell Stadium in Barton in 2012 . Sale home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season . \" I there some rebuilding to because I people in the early days of a pretty poor experience ,\" Cotton BBC Sport . \" That could up on a motorway , could n't away from the stadium , could n't a drink at the ground . to the things we to to that , if people down from now they will a very different experience . \" The infrastructure still well away from where it to but there plans to that . \" Cotton , 69 , a former England and British and Irish Lions prop to Sale - a club he as both a player and director - after Simon Orange 's takeover of the Premiership side in June . He to active in his role , despite his commitments with his clothing business . \" What I really to a very strong north of England club that can at the highest level ,\" he . \" That my motivation for up the precious thing that I , and that my time . \" I what before that the board n't very often at games home and away , and I that very wrong - board members will to away games and home games . \" One of the standout announcements from Sale 's new 10-man board that director of rugby Steve Diamond will a seat on it . However , Cotton there will no conflict of interest with a member of the coaching staff also as a director . \" It will no strain whatsoever on the relationship , we here to him ,\" Cotton . \" We 'll very closely with Diamond to sure we can the ambition which we all - if we down we 'd still with them . \" Diamond also they close to a new full-back and still for another player to to their backline , with former Bath and London Welsh winger Nick Scott on trial with the club .", "The film about a princess 's mythical journey in ancient Polynesia an $ 81.1m (\u00a3 65.3m ) on its debut . That it the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time , behind Disney 's Frozen , which $ 93.6m (\u00a3 75.3m ) on its release in 2013 . Some observers that Moana and its merchandise Pacific Island culture . Disney a children 's costume the film after activists it \" brownface \" , or mocking of their culture by . The costume , a full-body suit with brown skin , traditional tattoos , grass skirt and bone necklace , the character Maui , a demi-god and ancestor by many Polynesians . Disney it any offence . JK Rowling 's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Them to second on the US chart , $ 65.8m (\u00a3 53m ) . Gossip Brad Pitt 's marriage break-up to a huge amount of interest in his World War Two romance Allied , which also Marion Cotillard . It $ 18m (\u00a3 14.4m ) over the long weekend , $ 85m (\u00a3 68.5m ) to , in fourth spot behind Doctor Strange . Kyle Davies , Paramount 's head of domestic distribution , the film to \" older audiences \" but those \" n't the theatres [ on ] weekend one \" . \" I they to their time ,\" he . Warren Beatty worse - his first film in 15 years , the 1950s Hollywood comedy Rules n't , just $ 2.2m (\u00a3 1.7m ) . The film Beatty 's first feature since 1998 's Bulworth . Bad Santa 2 , 13 years after the original and again Billy Bob Thornton , a little better , $ 9m (\u00a3 7.3m ) . us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The third seed , who a bye in the first round , the American wildcard 6-3 6-1 in just over an hour . Konta , the world number 18 , 11 aces on her way to a comfortable victory . The 25-year-old will China 's Saisai Zheng , who Alize Cornet in her second-round match , in the last eight on Friday .", "It on the Linn Road in the town at about 14:05 BST on Sunday . The two men to hospital for treatment for their injuries . Police for anyone with information about the attack to them .", "Bingham , who the World Championship in 2015 , the semi-finals of the 2016 event before out by eventual winner Ronnie O'Sullivan . The 39-year-old BBC Essex he would in this year 's tournament if his wife birth before his first-round game against Joe Perry on Monday . \" The only question I 'd myself if she actually on the day ,\" he . \" Obviously it could and even now I still n't an answer to that question . I 'd to it over with my wife and where we . \" Bingham , the current world number two , his wife supportive in him to at the tournament , which under way on Sunday . He : \" She two previous babies and she in labour for 10 hours , so obviously if that the case then I a bit of time to ' some balls and up ' sort of thing . \" As I , we to the next day or two because we it 'd out by now . \" But the stubborn Little Miss Bingham it to , I she a bit too comfortable in my missus' belly . \"", "The cabinet an urgent report on Tuesday and to the section from the pavilion to the seaward end . The report because of the risk of further collapse , the council could not for consent to work , as usually the case for a building . Work on the \" dangerous \" structure to about three weeks . Parts of the Grade ll pier , which already to the public when it way on 1 February , will , and . Iwan Davies , chief executive of the council , the meeting : \" The dangerous nature of the structure it dangerous . \" Up to \u00c2 \u00a3 650,000 aside for the work but councillors there no way of how much it would .", "The \u00c2 \u00a3 21.5m Castle Mill development at Port Meadow , by the River Thames , widely as ugly and the view of Oxford 's skyline . The Campaign to Protect Rural England ( CPRE ) will its case to a High Court judge on 23 October . The five-storey university blocks 439 accommodation units . The flats a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Scheduled Ancient Monument . CPRE the judicial review on the basis of Oxford City Council not out an environmental impact assessment . The council the challenge late as the housing already , and it the group 's claims unfounded . Helen Marshall , director of CPRE Oxfordshire , the West Area Planning Committee \" should under no circumstances into further poor decisions \" . \" We not yet convinced that the planning condition on contamination ,\" she . \" And the mitigation proposals currently by the university woefully inadequate to the impact of the buildings on Port Meadow and Oxford 's historic skyline . \" A few trees to approximately half the height of the buildings in 15 years' time will not the brief of ' the buildings in summer and their impact in winter ' \" Key issues such as the height of the buildings and light pollution still to . \" A University of Oxford spokesman it \" carefully \" about how best to the impact of the buildings . \" Some measures already in place , and discussions with the city council and others about what more we can ,\" he . \" The University will representations at the interim hearing in October on the procedural issues by the challenge . \" In the meantime , we to and the buildings by the start of the next academic year in October as . \" The city council last month it out an independent review into the case . An online petition against the development on Roger Dudman Way more than 3,000 signatures .", "On Thursday , a human skull alongside the M54 slip road by workers a survey of the junction four roundabout , near Telford . Police the skull that of an adult male and there for at least two years . West Mercia Police \" further skeletal remains \" close to the skull . The eastbound entry slip road partially . Det Chief Insp Neil Jamieson : \" We in the very early stages of this investigation and inquiries ongoing . \" He further forensic examinations and excavations out and police in contact with neighbouring forces for information about people who . Archaeological experts may in to with the investigation . \" This will a lengthy process but we will to the public in due course ,\" he .", "Media playback not on this device Dusmatov , 23 , a unanimous points victory - two judges the fight 30-27 , and one 29-28 . Martinez , 24 , the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia . The United States' Nico Hernandez , 20 , and 19-year-old Cuban world champion Joahnys Argilagos bronze after in the semi-finals . out how to into boxing with our special guide . to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "The University and College Union the 1.1 % rise by the universities \" an insult \" . But the Universities and Colleges Employers Association the walkout \" disappointing the very good pay offer \" . Unions university support staff on the offer , with strike action possible in the autumn . UCU its members a real-terms pay cut of 14. % since 2009 and the squeeze on staff salaries as university leaders hefty increases . \" A 1.1 % pay offer an insult to hardworking staff , especially in light of the 5 % pay rise vice-chancellors while down staff pay ,\" general secretary Sally Hunt . \" Industrial action which on students never lightly , but members that they with no alternative . \" If the employers to a swift end to this dispute , and further disruption , they to back to the table with a much-improved offer . \" Summer exams still at some universities , though many . A spokesman for the employers only \" minor impact and minimal student disruption \" . \" Even for examinations which still place at some higher education institutions , more than nine out of 10 report that a no to low impact ,\" the spokesman . \" We would to the UCU its members on the final offer . \" The employers the offer \" at , and , for some , beyond , a limit of affordability for higher education institutions and the very best offer that will available this year \" . They the weighting of the offer the worst university staff will a rise of more than 5 % . They they also talks on zero-hours contracts and on lower pay for female academics . But UCU it the 1.1 % offer as it only a marginal improvement on the original 1 % on which it members . Ballots of university support staff by Unison and Unite also under way on the improved offer , with both unions it . Any action would place during the autumn term , a Unison spokeswoman . UCU strike rallies in : Staff also to from Wednesday - to extra work , for absent colleagues or overtime .", "The man as Kazu , or ' King Kazu ' by some fans , will with the second division side past his 49th birthday . Kazuyoshi first for Brazilian side Santos in 1986 , so his deal will his career span over 30 years . \" I thankful to the club staff and supporters who always me support ,\" Miura , who 55 goals in 89 appearances for Japan . \" I 'll to everything I and ,\" the former Genoa and Dinamo Zagreb striker . Perhaps unsurprisingly , Miura the record as the oldest scorer in Japanese football - a winner in a second division match four months after his 48th birthday . He particularly prolific in Japan to the 1998 World Cup , 14 goals in qualifying , and last for the national side in 2000 . His career , which when he to Brazil to youth football 15 , one of the longest in football history . Last week ex-England striker Teddy Sheringham himself as a player for Stevenage - where he manager - at the age of 49 but out of in a local cup competition .", "The security forces to tear gas against protesters . They also the hometown of Burhan Wani , 22 , who Indian troops last year . Separately seven people to in shelling across the Line of Control that Indian and Pakistani-administered Kashmir . Officials on the Pakistani side Reuters that five people in Indian shelling , while Indian officials two people by Pakistani fire . There an armed revolt in the Muslim-majority region against rule by India since 1989 , although violence in recent years . The region by both India and Pakistan in its entirety . India Pakistan for the unrest , a claim by Islamabad . Burhan Wani with the image of militancy in Muslim-majority Indian-administered Kashmir , a figurehead for young people . Saturday 's violence as people to to his home in Tral - where he in a shootout with the army last July . His death to a wave of protests during which dozens of people . The Indian authorities heavy restrictions in the Kashmir valley for the anniversary , internet access and off Tral . There also reports of army personnel in a militant attack overnight on Friday .", "The 33-year-old , who the younger brother of Harlequins number eight Nick , Sale in 2011 after six years at Northampton . Easter the European Challenge Cup and the Champions Cup final at Saints after from Nottingham . \" I my time at Sale , I n't really to anywhere else ,\" the back-row forward . \" It the right time to on my own terms , which not many people . \" I the chance for these last few games just to and them and I really lucky . \" He will now up his teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire after the final game of the season at Newcastle on Saturday . \" The last few years , I my career towards teaching , so a few courses , into schools , teaching and coaching ,\" he . \" The opportunity just up at the right time . It like the right time for me and my family . \"", "Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital , Denbighshire , more than three years ago and a report some patients like animals . It that at least seven patients' families treatment may to their deaths . Betsi Cadwaladr health board an investigation under way . It the quality of care could a contributory factor to the deaths of some patients . A review of mortality rates on the ward never although it it . Relatives of one patient BBC Wales Today they medical care on the ward inadequate . Correspondence by the programme an apology from the health board to the family , who not to . One letter : \" Experts that there problems in the health care which may to the death . \" It that \" the board very much in a thorough search for the truth about the Tawel Fan ward \" . But the family unconvinced lessons and questions unanswered and , as far as they aware , nobody their job , alone . The scandal of Tawel Fan the already health board into close supervision by the Welsh Government . It in special measures which \u00c2 \u00a3 5m a year . An initial report into what at Tawel Fan almost three years ago . Two more reports due later this year . One of them , by the Health and Social Care Advisory Service ( Hascas ) , to details of a mortality review of Tawel Fan patients . But Geoff Ryall-Harvey , who the patient watchdog Community Health Council in north Wales , it should as soon as possible . \" It may this practice elsewhere ,\" he . A Betsi Cadwaladr health board spokesman : \" We that the quality of care could a contributory factor to the death of some patients . \" Whether this the case will as part of the independent Hascas investigation , which currently out . \" In order to whether or not the quality of care to any patients' death , every aspect of every patient 's care to . \" This a complicated and time process , but must out in order to whether or not the care a contributory factor to any patients' death . \" Every family in the investigation will an individual report the care to their relative . These reports will also the findings of the Tawel Fan investigation . \"", "Declan Paul Butcher from Roe Park Court the ' single punch ' assaults on Market Street in Limavady on 2 October 2014 . CCTV footage his first victim unconscious . A second man a double jaw fracture . Butcher at Londonderry Crown Court on Thursday . He to 14 months in prison . The court that the defendant 51 previous convictions eight assaults . He also as a high likelihood of . The judge Butcher he \" gratuitous violence \" on two \" completely innocent \" members of the public . The second man and out when he across the first victim unconscious on Market Street . Both men later consciousness in hospital .", "\" Hope a poor decision that in a negative impact on US Soccer and her team-mates ,\" head coach Jill Ellis . Solo , 33 , will now matches on 8 February against France and 13 February against England . This month , domestic violence charges against Solo . In 2012 , Solo , positive for a substance a month before a second Olympic gold medal . She she not aware the pre-menstrual medication she a substance and she of any wrongdoing . The US for the Women 's World Cup in Canada in June when they will to their third title victories in 1991 and 1999 . The latest incident Solo a training camp by the team in Carson , California . Solo 's husband , former Seattle Seahawks NFL player Jerramy Stevens , on suspicion of under the influence in Los Angeles in the early hours of Monday morning . Media reports Solo in the car but she not in the incident by Manhattan Beach police officials . Solo : \" I it best for me to a break , from the stress of the last several months and back mentally and physically ready to positively to the team . \"", "Omar Khan , 31 , at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years before he . Erlin Manahasa , Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali Khan in the same charge , between 1 October and 4 December last year , at Nottingham Crown Court . They due to on 15 April . Updates on this story and more from Nottinghamshire The court the case the recovery of 1kg ( 2.2lb ) of cocaine . Digby Johnson , a partner at the Johnson firm , they not Khan - who up his own office and to the company . \" I still it hard to he could something as stupid as himself in drugs and people who heavily in drugs ,\" Mr Johnson . \" I just at a loss . You everything you ever about anybody . \" Mr Johnson also Khan , of William Street , Huddersfield , as a \" lovely guy \" who \" incredibly hard-working \" . \" He would in hour after hour ,\" he . \" He keen to and . \" Khan at the court via video link to conspiracy to the Class A drug . Manahasa , of no address , Dibra , of Joyce Avenue , Nottingham , and Ali , of Chard Street , Nottingham , in custody the hearing .", "UKSE the Tata Steel subsidiary up to companies in traditional steel areas . ID Systems in the industrial and commercial utilities sector from its offices in Grangemouth and Glasgow . Its clients Scottish Water , Forestry Commission and National Grid . The company , which already 80 staff , to the new jobs in the Glasgow and Lanarkshire areas as part of an expansion drive. . The move after ID Systems a number of long-term projects , off-site manufacturing of wastewater pumping stations and water booster sets . The loan and equity backing from UKSE will ID System 's growth strategy . A new senior management team will which , along with UKSE , will a shareholding in the company . ID Systems finance director Stuart Devine : \" We a tremendous opportunity to more than the workforce with the recent contract win and this funding from UKSE will us to that as smoothly as possible . \" UKSE regional executive Scott Webb : \" This long-standing , business will now the structure to expansion along with the necessary funding from UKSE to this to . \"", "The 70-year-old Time Team presenter anti-tunnel campaigners to the plans , they the area 's wider archaeology at risk . The protest by the Stonehenge Alliance outside a consultation event in London earlier . Highways England it to \" the best solution possible \" . The public consultation on its plans for the A303 into a 1.8-mile ( 2.9km ) dual carriageway tunnel until 5 March . Highways England the move would congestion and journey times . The scheme the backing of English Heritage and the National Trust . outside the Society of Antiquaries at Burlington House , Robinson a longer tunnel . He : \" I the proposal we a really old-fashioned one . \" It what to that little clump of stones . \" He it only over the past three decades archaeologists to the wider significance of the site . \" That a high-class Wiltshire Disneyland experience ,\" he . \" Once it , we 'll never that back . \" If you to Buckingham Palace , you would n't a tunnel in halfway down the Mall . \" The Stonehenge Alliance other options to traffic to fully . Spokeswoman Dr Kate Fielden : \" We a genuine consultation with real choice . \" Both of Highways England 's options huge and damaging new roadworks into our most important ancient landscape . \" A spokesman for Highways England : \" We fully the cultural heritage of the site and one of the broad objectives of the scheme to and the World Heritage Site by the sight and sound of traffic and it easier to and . \"", "The 35-year-old the Iron from Blackpool in 2013 and 119 league appearances for the League One side . He them to a third-placed finish this season , before they by Millwall in the play-off semi-finals . Bishop the club website : \" With the way the season , it a sense of unfinished business and it disappointing for all of us . \"", "Pawel Sroka , 33 , of Meadvale Road , Croydon , on Saturday with the murder of his 29-year-old partner , Joanna Trojniak , of the same address . A special post-mortem examination on 24 March the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest . Ms Trojniak 's next of kin . Mr Sroka due to at Bromley Magistrates' Court on 4 April .", "French President Francois Hollande \" deep sadness \" at the death of Huguette Dupeu in a statement . Most of the dead in the raid foreign tourists . Two of the attackers by security forces . A huge march against terrorism for Sunday that will outside the Bardo museum . President Hollande among those at the event in the capital Tunis . Lyse Doucet : Tunisia 's test of transition Cradle of ' Arab Spring ' under threat The museum 's reopening earlier this week over security concerns . Schoolchildren and students in on Friday , with the general public to Monday . The attack , by Islamic State ( IS ) , the deadliest in Tunisia since the uprising which to the overthrow of long-serving ruler Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011 . Over 20 people in connection with the attack , although just two gunmen to out the raid . They to in Libya in an area by IS . The Tunisian Prime Minister , Habib Essid , \" shortcomings \" in the country 's security system and six police chiefs over the attack .", "The imagery , by US geopolitical intelligence company Stratfor and on 31 October , how almost all the buildings at the airport , on the southern outskirts of Mosul , . Runways also , with wide trenches into them and rubble along their lengths , Stratfor 's analysis . Taxiways and aprons - where aircraft park - also . About 50,000 Iraqi security forces , Kurdish Peshmerga fighters , Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia militiamen , by US-led coalition airstrikes , currently in a military offensive to Mosul from IS militants . Government forces already dozens of villages and towns the city and currently gains in Mosul 's eastern outskirts . The damage to the runways the airport worthless as an asset for forces , Stratfor . Airports or runways typically a primary objective for assaults on cities , since control over them can or logistical capabilities , a considerable impact on the outcome of battles . However , IS militants there little for forces to by the site , Stratfor . a similar tactic at Qayyarah air base , 70km ( 43 miles ) south of Mosul . However , the trenches there only partially the main runway , Stratfor , and it to service within months of the Iraqi forces the base in July . By comparison , Mosul airport 's destruction could much more difficult to . the demolition at Qayyarah , IS fighters also almost every structure at Mosul airport . Stratfor that as well as Iraqi forces and their allies from the facilities , the tactic also to the line of sight for IS defensive positions on the northern edge of the airport . Along with the runways , Iraqi forces would to hangars , warehouses and other infrastructure in order to it as a logistical base . In contrast to the widespread destruction elsewhere in the area , the images how the city 's sugar factory relatively intact - testimony to its utility to IS . After the jihadists Mosul in June 2014 , they to the factory , Stratfor , and more than a year later , the plant 's manager when she to it for them . However , the images also how coalition airstrikes , at key IS positions and assets , some damage to the buildings . Satellite imagery last week , how IS multiple barricades across key routes into the northern Iraqi city .", "An engineering project the line between Reading and London Paddington at the end of last year . Major work , extensive signalling improvements , out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday . Network Rail it \" hundreds of buses \" ready in case it . Julian Burnell , from Network Rail , the disruption to for the last major stage of work on the Reading station redevelopment to . He : \" This a very big project , with one of the biggest bottlenecks anywhere in the country . \" I ca n't there absolutely no danger [ of an overrun at Easter ] , but we everything in our power to it in good time . There hundreds of buses if that . \" On 27 December , King 's Cross station and Paddington for part of the day after engineering works longer than . A number of projects will place over the Easter break , a closure of the line between Hayes & Harlington in West London and Didcot Parkway in Oxfordshire while further work out on the Crossrail project .", "Plans for Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to in a field at St Nicholas . The permit not the company to out fracking - hydraulic fracturing of the land - to any oil or gas . Fracking subject to a temporary ban in Wales until decision-making powers on the practice . Natural Resources Wales it out a \" thorough assessment \" of the company 's plans before them , with all work reinstatement of the land to within 12 months . \" It important that any activity of this kind n't the environment , and this permit it clear what Coastal Oil and Gas Limited will to to with this ,\" a spokesman . \" Once the work , our officers will and the site to it with the conditions of the permit , to people and the environment . \" The permit for exploratory drilling despite a moratorium on fracking in Wales devolution of responsibility for such decisions . In August , the UK government councils in England to up the process of approval for projects . However , Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant fracking technology \" unproven \" , and that Welsh Labour ministers to at renewable energy .", "Transactions out in European markets previously in Luxembourg , with which Amazon a low-tax agreement . Now sales through subsidiaries in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy will in those countries , the retailer . Amazon heavy criticism for its tax avoidance policies . \" More than two years ago , we the process of local country branches of Amazon EU Sarl , our primary retail operating company in Europe ,\" the company in a statement . \" As of 1 May , Amazon EU Sarl retail sales to customers through these branches in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy . \" Previously , these retail sales in Luxembourg . \" Amazon that it \" on a branch for France \" . In recent years , the European Union its investigations into the tax deals by global companies with countries such as Ireland , Luxembourg and the Netherlands . It that such deals to illegal state aid and competition . Last year , the European Commission - the EU 's executive arm - a formal investigation into Amazon 's tax arrangements with Luxembourg . And the EU also into tech giant Apple 's tax dealings in Ireland , coffee-shop chain Starbucks' dealings in the Netherlands , and Italian carmaker Fiat 's agreement with Luxembourg .", "Dame Sally Davies the action by the British Medical Association ( BMA ) would \" to patients \" . The strike across England at 08:00 GMT , from when junior doctors will only emergency care . The BMA the strikes \" the strength of feeling amongst the profession \" . It three spells of strike action in England in November , after negotiations with the government without resolution . Issues by the BMA and NHS weekend pay . \" As a doctor , I can the anger and frustration by many junior doctors at this time ,\" Dame Sally . \" In part , this dispute a symptom of frustration and low morale that for decades and the strain that a career in medicine can on your work-life balance . \" Junior doctors the backbone of the NHS , long and anti-social hours ... It vital that , as senior medical leaders , we ourselves whether we everything we can to our junior colleagues valued . \" The strikes to place from : Conciliation service Acas that talks between the BMA and NHS bosses will next week . Junior doctors' leaders to the prospect of a new contract . The government the current arrangements as \" outdated \" and \" unfair \" , out they in the 1990s . Ministers up plans to the contract in 2012 , but talks down last year . The government it will the new contract next year in England . The BMA by the industrial action process . Junior doctors : What you to What exactly junior doctors ?", "The 19-year-old will now eligible to against Barnsley in the Football League Trophy final on Sunday . Kenny , who up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter , so far 13 appearances for the U 's . \" He really well for us and his football ,\" Oxford head coach Michael Appleton . \" He highly thought of at Goodison Park and a big future . \"", "The money for Kingston Maurward College , near Dorchester , will towards a \u00a3 3.24m project that a new animal sciences building . Weymouth College also \u00a3 0.5m towards its \u00a3 1.5m project to two buildings . The grants part of a \u00a3 214m investment in 47 colleges in England . Skills Minister Matthew Hancock of the Enhanced Renewal Grant that it to \" \" investment in \" first rate facilities \" . Kingston Maurward principal Clare Davison she \" thrilled \" with the grant . She the animal science building would aquatic , reptile and mammal rooms , a laboratory and six teaching classrooms . She : \" This building will that we to high quality teaching and to young people the appropriate skills to employment in animal science-related fields . \" Construction to this summer and to by mid-summer 2014 . The grants alongside plans for the government 's new skills strategy to \" the majority of good and outstanding colleges \" while if colleges .", "Greg Dyke Astle 's widow Laraine and his daughters , Claire and Dawn , to Wembley Stadium on 10 August . The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward in 2002 . A neurosurgeon last month that he from a brain condition to boxers rather than Alzheimer 's disease as previously . Dawn Astle : \" We to the immediate message in with head injuries and concussions , to the FA 's medical policies on this and on player education . \"[ The issue ] to seriously because it about lives . \" It not like a back or knee injury , because once the brain it n't itself and Dad proof of that . \" Ms Astle Dr Willie Stewart , who out a new examination of Mr Astle 's brain , would also at the meeting . Astle 's family for the FA to out research into the risks of footballs and players concussion . The Justice for Jeff group also protests at West Brom games . The FA previously to the family for not them informed about its work and its rules on concussion due to ahead of the 2014 / 15 season . A spokesman for the FA Mr Dyke \" keen to the Astle family for a long time \" to their concerns . It initially Astle from Alzheimer 's disease , but the coroner at his inquest his brain by heavy leather balls . He for West Bromwich Albion from 1964-1974 137 goals in 292 league appearances .", "The 18-year-old identical twins through the club 's academy to in nine Premiership appearances between them this season . Both in the back row and also for the England Under-20 side . \" They will key parts in the club 's vision of players in the academy , and them through to the first team ,\" Sale director of rugby Steve Diamond . The pair only the fourth set of twins to side-by-side in the Premiership when they in Sale 's 34-24 defeat by Wasps on 27 November . Tom also the Sharks' youngest Premiership try scorer after on his debut in the 31-13 win over Bristol on 30 October .", "The incident near Corbett Place and Calais View at about 08:30 on Thursday . Officers now anyone who the man to in touch . He as in his late teens or early 20s with dark , curly , short hair . He about 5ft 9in and a dark top .", "The Egypt-backed plan a regional forum which analysts might Israel to whether or not it nuclear weapons . The proposal by the US , the UK and Canada . The next review for 2020 . Israel neither nor it a stockpile of nuclear weapons . after four weeks of negotiations , US Under-Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller Egypt and other Arab countries of \" not willing to of these unrealistic and unworkable conditions \" for future talks . She also some participants to \" cynically \" the whole process . But Egypt that the failure to a deal \" will consequences in front of the Arab world and public opinion \" , the Associated Press news agency . Last month , Egypt to a regional conference - with or without Israel 's participation and without an agenda . Some analysts that this move might Israel - which not a party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) - to publicly its position on nuclear weapons . Decisions at NPT review conferences - every five years - by consensus . The failure of the current talks the next gathering could only in 2020 at the earliest .", "The UK government measures to up development . Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant to councils them of the temporary ban on fracking in Wales . He technology \" unproven \" , Welsh ministers to at renewable energy . Fracking a process of high pressure water to up rocks deep underground to gas and it to the surface . It a major industry in the United States , but there concerns about safety , the environment and underground water . There protests against applications for test drilling for gas in both the Vale of Glamorgan and Wrexham , as well as sites in England . Energy Secretary Amber Rudd the UK government 's support for fracking , and frustration at delays in its development . She councils in England to decisions on applications within 16 weeks , to the process \" out for months \" . In his letter to Welsh councils , Mr Sargeant the new guidance only to England and that the moratorium in Wales in place . \" The UK government 's general support for oil and gas applications contrary to the approach of the Welsh Government of renewable and low carbon forms of energy through the planning system and other measures ,\" he . \" We still renewable energy as a key element in that Wales sustainable development for the benefit of future generations . \" Local planning authorities must that planning applications for renewable energy projects within statutory timescales . \" Plans to control over fracking in the Queen 's Speech in June the Conservatives' general election victory .", "The exhibition , From Dark to Light , the work of artist Victor Noble Rainbird , who in North Shields in 1887 . The largest collection to since the 1930s , his favourite subjects the North Sea and the streets and people of his hometown . Curator Dave Young there a lot of affection for him in the town . Many of the pieces on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre in North Shields never in public before . Mr Young , : \" We that this exhibition will new light on the life and work of a remarkable man and also a much misunderstood artist . \" This the first major exhibition of his paintings to in his hometown of North Shields since the artist 's lifetime and it in a building that he would well and often . \" Victor Noble Rainbird 's paintings a fascinating legacy of life in the North East before and after the Great War , while his own remarkable war record only now . \" Mr Rainbird the Northumberland Fusiliers in 1914 when he 26-years-old and on the Western Front at Ypres , Passchendaele , Vimy Ridge and Armentieres . Some of the drawings he while on active service and in the exhibition . Mr Young they a \" poignant , important and sombre record of the horrors of war \" . After the war , Rainbird several return trips to France , Belgium and the Netherlands , some of his most impressive works . He aged 47 in 1936 . From Dark to Light : the life and art of Victor Noble Rainbird on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre from 10 July to 6 September .", "Lennon , who Brown , now 31 , in his four years as Celtic boss , the midfielder 's decision would Gordon Strachan 's Scotland squad . \" It not a surprise because I he too early ,\" Lennon . \" Sometimes you can these decisions and then you still plenty to . \" Brown 's return to the fold that on Wednesday he almost certain to in Strachan 's squad for the World Cup qualifier against England at Wembley on 11 November . Lennon BBC Scotland : \" I last season his injuries a toll on him and we n't the best of him but certainly this season he far more like himself again and very well , which will an asset to Scotland . \" I his presence around the dressing room and training ground and certainly on the pitch will if he not there . \" He only 31 and there plenty more to from him . I his decision premature anyway . \" Lennon not any issues with Brown to the squad for a game he Scotland can . \" I n't how it would the dynamic of the group but certainly I it would it up ,\" he . \" It a poor performance and result in Slovakia and it might just them the wee jag they , a player of that quality back . \" The England game one I they can . It will a British style of game and there wo n't anything the Scottish players will surprised about . \" Scotland assistant manager Mark McGhee , meanwhile , forward to the team from Brown 's leadership , \" by example and his voice and influence , ( he ) other people better \" . McGhee : \" Scott Brown someone who I would , when England at our squad and our team , would him not to . \" He as if he better with the European and league campaigns . He good about himself and he can both at this stage . \" I would he by Brendan ( Rodgers , the Celtic manager ) . I the manager him a new lease of life . \" He would his [ original ] decision in an honest way . But now he at it and it clearly the wrong decision . \" If the other players that Scott Brown us a better chance of the game , they will delighted to him back . \"", "The bird 's head and wings stuck in the wire fence in Bethesda while it a wood pigeon . RSPCA Inspector Mike Pugh , who the animal , : \" The buzzard feisty , but luckily , not much feather damage . \" I the bird back to the wild where he straight away . \"", "The Communication Workers Union the walkout would on Monday 19 December and Christmas Eve . It will thousands of workers from the Crown Post Offices . The Post Office despite the walkout it would \" business as usual \" with \" at least \" 97 % of its 11,600 branches not . Crown Post Offices the larger branches that usually in High Streets . In April 2016 , the Post Office plans to up to 61 branches into WH Smith stores over the year . It the move part of a 10-year plan to costs and cash , and would as a way of \" the future of the network . \" \" Our members the Post Office management to its closure and privatisation programme , off on its pensions changes , and to down with us and with the other key stakeholders of this Great British institution and , together , a lasting vision ,\" CWU assistant secretary Andy Furey . The Post Office it \" extremely disappointed \" by the CWU 's action . \" Just today , we with the CWU that we would talks , which ongoing throughout the summer , on Wednesday ,\" Kevin Gilliland , the Post Office 's network and sales director .", "More than 60,000 vials , to anabolic steroids , in an operation by Garda ( Irish police ) , customs and a medicine watchdog . Human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills also during Thursday 's raids in Muff and Lifford . A man in his 30s , but later without charge . The Health Products Regulatory Authority , the Republic 's medicine watchdog , evidence of an illegal manufacturing operation . The PSNI out further searches in Northern Ireland , it .", "He Taoiseach ( Irish prime minister ) Enda Kenny 's comments on a possible referendum on Irish unity . DUP MP Ian Paisley Mr Kenny \" mischievous \" . The taoiseach Brexit talks should that a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could in the calling of a referendum . In his remarks to reporters on Monday at the annual MacGill Summer School in Glenties , County Donegal , Mr Kenny the triggering of a border poll \" clear evidence of a majority of people to the UK and the Republic \" . He : \" It may , in the eyes of some , a fanciful theory but who what in 10 , 20 years time ? \" Adams by for all parties a united Ireland \" to how best this can . \" \" In the context of the north out of the EU by England , there now a greater opportunity to this ,\" he . North Antrim MP Mr Paisley Secretary of State James Brokenshire and his predecessor , Theresa Villiers , both out a referendum . \" It not to ,\" he . \" We all in the next nine months Enda Kenny not to taoiseach . So , he really just mischievous. ,\" Mr Paisley . Ulster Unionist MLA Jenny Palmer Mr Kenny 's comments as \" much ado about nothing \" . She that , in the wake of the EU referendum , the Stormont executive 's priority should \" to the people of Northern Ireland that they a plan for the way forward for our economy , our farmers , our voluntary and community groups , our universities and everyone else who heavily on EU funding and support . \"", "The Shrimps their opening game of the season at newly-promoted Grimsby but then Championship side Rotherham out of the EFL Cup 5-4 and three straight league games . \" It nice but it early days ,\" 40-year-old Bentley BBC Radio Lancashire . \" You never too high and never too low and I that . \" He : \" It important everyone their feet on the ground - likewise when you a sticky spell that everyone and together . \" Kevin Ellison , 37 , the only goal of the game as Morecambe 's 1-0 win at Yeovil on Saturday them to the top of the league . \" People about his age and this and that but if you with him day in , day out you how he off on other people ,\" Bentley on Ellison . \" His desire , his attitude towards training and his own recovery and own professionalism , he a credit to himself and his family . \" A lot of young people should at him up and down the country because he that good at what he . \"", "Shiv Kumar Yadav also with \" criminal intimidation \" of the 26-year-old woman , reports . The victim the Uber smartphone app to a taxi home but she to a secluded area and . Delhi later Uber and several other web-based taxi firms for to out adequate driver checks . Although the driver not yet a statement in public , police he to the crime . They he also by the victim . Rape and the issue of sexual violence against Indian women in the spotlight in recent years ever since a 23-year-old physiotherapy student and in Delhi in December 2012 . The crime global outrage and a tightening of the laws on sexual violence , but correspondents they to as a deterrent . Earlier this month , five men in Calcutta for kidnapping and repeatedly a Japanese student . And in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , two policemen for allegedly and a teenager .", "Cassells , 22 , and Scrimgeour six minutes and 29.63 seconds to ahead of Denmark and China . The British duo the title in the non-Olympic class in France last year . Meanwhile Ireland 's Olympic silver medallist Paul O'Donovan , 22 , his lightweight single sculls semi-final . The Skibbereen man , who Olympic silver in the lightweight double sculls in Rio with his brother Gary , a strong late burst to from fourth at the halfway stage to his semi-final in 6:51.71 . Slovenian Rajko Hrvat second in 6:52.31 with Germany 's Konstantin Steinhuebel the third qualifying spot for Saturday 's final . The Rotterdam championships non-Olympic classes . Irish duo Mark O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll will against Cassells and Scrimgeour in Saturday 's lightweight pairs final after second in their semi-final behind the French boat . The British pair the fastest qualifiers for final , ahead of the Danes ( 6:30.12 ) and France ( 6:30.56 ) , while the Irish duo next quickest in 6:32.18 . After gold in their class at last year 's World Championships in France , Cassells and Scrimgeour the European title in Brandenburg in May .", "The 22-year-old , who a one-year contract , defender Craig Barr and striker Mark Stewart at the Scottish Championship club . Johnston through Kilmarnock 's youth ranks to the Premiership side 's first team . But he to Kirkcaldy last summer and 34 times . Barr , 30 , at Stark 's Park for three seasons after Airdrieonians and 17 times as Rovers to League One . The 29-year-old Stewart Rovers at the same time , from Derry City , and five times in 36 appearances last season .", "Doors to the event at Glasgow Green will at 14:00 . TRNSMT on what traditionally the weekend of the T in the Park festival , which not place this year . Other bands over the weekend Kasabian , Biffy Clyro and The Kooks . The acts will across three stages at Scotland 's newest music festival , with highlights every evening on a BBC Scotland programme by Edith Bowman . Radiohead will the opening night , with Kasabian on Saturday and Biffy Clyro the festival on Sunday . Organisers DF Concerts TRNSMT in January , two months after it T in the Park to \" stock \" of a two years since the festival to Strathallan from Balado . The promoter \" restrictions \" a \" negative impact \" on festival-goers . T in the Park 's first year at Strathallan in 2015 by traffic problems . Two teenagers at the 2016 festival in separate incidents , while witnesses fights and illicit drug use in the campsite area . Police Scotland on Wednesday that security would tight at TRNSMT the recent terror attacks in Manchester and London , with armed police near the venue and bag searchers out on festival-goers . Officers also there would a zero-tolerance approach to drug-taking and anyone with illegal substances would . Flares , smoke devices and other pyrotechnics from the festival area and anyone who drunk will not entry .", "The reactor at Yongbyon the source of plutonium for North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme . The White House North Korea should \" instead on its international obligations \" . The reactor down in 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal . But Pyongyang to it in 2013 , its third nuclear test and amid high regional tensions . White House spokesman Josh Earnest the international community would not North Korea as a nuclear state . \" We will with our partners in the context of the six-party talks to to North Korea to a posture of those commitments that they ,\" he . \" We will our call that North Korea should from the irresponsible provocations that regional tension and should instead on its international obligations and commitments . \" Six-nation talks South Korea , the US , China , Japan and Russia at the North 's nuclear programme since 2009 . Experts that , when fully operational , the Yongbyon reactor can one nuclear bomb 's worth of plutonium per year . A US think-tank this year that satellite images work at the Yongbyon complex . But Tuesday 's announcement the first official confirmation from North Korea that it operations there . The state-run news agency KCNA North Korea its nuclear weapons \" in quality and quantity \" . It that the North ready to US hostility with \" nuclear weapons any time \" . However , experts North Korea 's nuclear capabilities unclear . Pyongyang it a device small enough to a nuclear warhead on to a missile , which it could at its enemies . But US officials doubt on the claim . North Korea bellicose threats against its neighbours and the US before , often to with annual joint military exercises by South Korea and US forces . The two Koreas technically at war , because the 1950-1953 war in an armistice , not a peace treaty .", "Andrew Bedford , 27 , from Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire , last in September 1990 . Officers the investigation in April , and human bones on land off Stocking Fen Road in Ramsey . A 64-year-old man from Ramsey . Mr Bedford last on the evening of 28 September at Factory Bank , off Great Whyte , Ramsey . Three people in connection with his disappearance but no-one . In April , Cambridgeshire Police the investigation as a murder inquiry , they he . Detectives Mr Bedford with a shotgun sometime during the evening of 28 September at a garage Mongrel Cars , which no longer , in Ramsey . They land in the town in April . Bones \" consistent with human \" by scenes of crime officers , forensic scientists and detectives during the 13-day operation . Det Ch Insp Martin Brunning , who the murder inquiry , : \" The bones during a search of the area we as of interest . \" An expert in forensic anthropology the investigation and the bones will now subject to DNA testing and much more intrusive forensic analysis . \" Mr Bedford last a takeaway in a light blue Ford Cortina car . He overalls , a khaki jumper , jeans and trainers . He as 5ft 8in ( 1.72m ) , medium build with mousey blond , curly , shoulder-length hair and a number of tattoos . Mr Brunning he \" confident \" local people additional information that would \" resolution to Andrew 's family \" .", "The Joyce twins as the Irish it three wins out of three in Bangkok on Tuesday . Isobel four wickets as Zimbabwe for a paltry 78 before Ciecilia with 36 to Ireland to 79-3 in 15.2 overs . Victory over Scotland will a place in next year 's World Twenty20 . The top two teams from the qualifying tournament will on the game 's elite in India . Ireland a meeting with tournament favourites Bangladesh but a tough encounter against the Scots on Thursday . Zimbabwe also into Tuesday 's game at Terdthai Cricket Ground with a 100 % record in Group B but they by the Irish . Isobel Joyce 4-20 and Robyn Lewis 2-9 as Zimbabwe out in 19 overs . The target easily after Clare Shillington ( 22 ) and Cecilia Joyce on an opening partnership of 48 .", "Colchester Hospital as inadequate after a recent Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) inspection it on \" unsuitable \" agency staff . Norman Betchley in 2009 after he mistakenly a pill by an agency nurse . The hospital the CQC report not improvements it . Inspectors the hospital \" poor leadership \" and \" only a limited capacity to \" . Staff down by agency workers , who not as and \" unsuitable in terms of their skills and knowledge \" . Mr Betchley 's daughter Linda she angry that \" nothing \" since he . More on this story on BBC Local Live in Essex She : \" At the time they there a deficit in staff and there a breakdown in management and the girl in at the deep end . \" Many of the items in this most recent report back then . I n't them soon . \" There no leadership , there no support for the actual nurses on the wards . \" Chief executive Frank Sims , who in the role last month , its biggest challenge \" our dependency on agency staff . \" \" We more staff now than we ever , and since September we 75 more qualified nurses but we still a long way to . \" The trust which the hospital in special measures since 2013 . The CQC it in special measures for the next three months , during which time it must a weekly improvement plan . Mr Sims his intention to \" entirely on out of special measures this year \" .", "Media playback not on this device Cavendish , who 30 stages at the Tour de France , sixth in the first of six events - the scratch race . He second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race with three more events on Monday . Becky James the women 's sprint Olympic record in qualification and in Monday 's quarter-finals along with fellow Briton Katy Marchant . Cavendish , 31 , his campaign with a hard-fought sixth-placed finish in the scratch race , after Denmark 's Lasse Norman Hansen , the London 2012 Olympic champion and Roger Kluge the top two spots by a lap on the field . In the individual pursuit , Cavendish a time of four minutes 16.878 seconds and world champion Colombian Fernando Gaviria Rendon in the process . That temporarily the Manxman the outright lead , before Hansen a new Olympic record of 4:14:982 , Sir Bradley Wiggins' time in 2008 , to his second event in a row . However , Hansen from first to sixth overall after he the first rider to out of the elimination race which the rider in last position at the end of every second lap from the race . Cavendish comfortable as other riders out but he , despite not the last rider over the line , when he a rider while off the inside of the track , and seventh place . France 's Thomas Boudat , the 2014 world champion , on 106 points , two more than Italy 's Elia Viviani who the elimination race , with Cavendish third on 96 points . The fourth event - the time trial - at 14:21 BST on Monday , before the lap and points race events . Wales' James a silver medal in the keirin on Saturday and her good form on Sunday as she a new Olympic record during the sprint qualification . James a time of 10.721 seconds to the 10.724 set by fellow Briton Victoria Pendleton at the 2012 Olympics in London . That James the fastest qualifier and she comfortably Olga Ismayilova of Azerbaijan by a margin of 0.165 secs to into the quarter-finals , which place from 14:00 BST on Monday . Marchant also in style as she Canada 's Monique Sullivan after the second fastest qualification time . Australia 's champion Anna Meares by Lithuania 's Simona Krupeckaite but a repechage race to the last eight . Media playback not on this device to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "Finance Minister M\u00e1irt\u00edn \u00d3 Muilleoir the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds as a monitoring round . He that when to the last monitoring round it the executive an additional \u00a3 200m to health in 2016 / 17 . Health for about half of Stormont 's departmental spending . Last week , Health Minister Michelle O'Neill her department \" significant additional funding \" to demand . When on Tuesday if any of the money would to waiting lists , Ms O'Neill she \" would her decisions on the allocations of the additional resources as soon as possible within the next few days \" . So how will the money ? At this stage there little detail . However , from the health minister 's statement it that the money will directly to unscheduled care which emergency departments . It will also to those areas within hospitals which often bed - when patients cannot as there nowhere for them to for in the community , in their own homes . more . Other reallocations \u00a3 30m to schools with \u00a3 5m of that for special educational needs . There also \u00a3 25m for roads maintenance and building schemes and \u00a3 20m for further education . Mr \u00d3 Muilleoir there no new spending cuts despite pressure on budgets \" as a result of the Westminster austerity agenda \" . A large slice of the money which \u00a3 30m which aside to cuts to tax credits . However , the money no longer for that purpose after the chancellor his plan to tax credits .", "Just days after a supreme court action , the twins a fresh lawsuit against the company . It that Facebook \" intentionally or inadvertently evidence \" during their previous litigation . Originally , Tyler and Cameron Mr Zuckerberg of their idea to the site . The story of the feud the core of the 2010 film \" The Social Network \" . The row from 2003 when the Winklevosses Mr Zuckerberg to code for their ConnectU site while at Harvard . He never , but instead up Facebook , which quickly a success around the world . A court case over who what in 2008 when the parties on a financial settlement , reportedly worth around $ 65m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 41m ) . In January 2011 the Winklevosses to the case , more money . However , a US appeals court in April that they would to the settlement . The twins initially they would against the settlement , but this week not to that legal avenue . In the most recent suit on Thursday with the US District Court of Massachusetts , the Winklevosses and their business partner Divya Narendra that Facebook some crucial information from them during settlement proceedings . The twins that Mr Zuckerberg not some important documents in regards to the relationship between him and the brothers while they at Harvard . Facebook 's outside counsel Neel Chatterjee in a statement : \" These old and baseless allegations that and previously by the courts . \"", "The teenage pedestrian down by a Ford Focus in Oldgate Lane , Thrybergh , Rotherham , on Saturday , South Yorkshire Police . The car to towards Dalton at the time and its driver not in the crash . Police for any witnesses to them .", "He a move to Birmingham on Wednesday but now personal terms and his medical . Stewart , who in the final year of his contract at at Dens Park , six goals in three games for Dundee already this season . He could his Blues debut in Saturday 's Championship match at Leeds . Stewart Birmingham 's second signing of the week the arrival of striker Che Adams from Sheffield United . Birmingham their Championship campaign with a goalless draw against Cardiff City and out of the EFL Cup by League One side Oxford United in Tuesday 's first-round tie .", "The former private , who in her 20s , a conditional caution for misconduct in a public office . The woman to a payment of \u00c2 \u00a3 40 to an armed forces charity . She at her Nottinghamshire home under the Metropolitan Police 's Operation Elveden inquiry into corrupt payments to public officials . In a statement , the CPS details of the offence but not the newspaper or the barracks . CPS lawyer Gregor McGill : '' The evidence in this case very carefully and although there sufficient evidence to this offence , when the public interest it that a conditional caution an appropriate course of action . '' In a conditional caution , an individual responsibility for the offending out . '' The former soldier in September . She the 87th person to as part of Operation Elveden , which after the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World newspaper . The operation to allegations of inappropriate payments to police but in January 2012 to other public officials . It by the Independent Police Complaints Commission .", "The Care Inspectorate Nithsdale House in Pollokshields , Glasgow , a score of one - the lowest possible - across three areas . Weaknesses at Drumpellier Lodge in the city 's Bargeddie area also . The home the second lowest rating in three areas . The inspections place in February . An unannounced inspection visit out at Nithsdale House , in Shields Road , Pollokshields , on 21 February . The care home , which by Lotus Senior Living Ltd , a score of one ( unsatisfactory ) for its quality of care and support ; its quality of environment and its quality of staffing . The home 's quality of management and leadership the second lowest score of two ( weak ) . Inspectors also that there \" very little progress \" an earlier inspection which already concerns . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate : \" We to serious concerns about the quality of care to residents at this service . \" Whilst we some improvement in some areas a previous inspection , significant concerns over the service 's performance in relation to the health and wellbeing of residents . \" The spokesman inspectors \" poor practice in relation to medication \" . He : \" We the service of the improvements which it must to that residents' needs and their rights . \" We will to with them to they , but unless we evidence of significant improvement , we will not to further action . \" An unannounced inspection visit out at Drumpellier Lodge , Coatbridge Road , Bargeddie , on 6 February . The care home , which by Clancare Ltd , a score of two ( weak ) for its quality of care and support ; its quality of management and leadership and its quality of staffing.Inspectors that 10 requirements for improvement , at a previous inspection , not . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate : \" We to concerns about the quality of care and support at this service and closely with them to they the standards we . \" We the service the areas it must urgent action on to . \" If we not satisfied that improvement we will not to further action . \"", "Officers to Derby Road , Enfield at 15:30 GMT on Saturday after reports of a gun in a car . A Metropolitan Police spokesman the car at 16:00 GMT and the four men inside . They currently at a north London police station .", "The company Lancaster 's Caton Road substation offline at 11:00 BST , parts of the city and nearby Morecambe and Carnforth without power . Power supplies at 16:30 BST in the 10,000 properties after 53,000 theirs earlier . The firm it not yet what the outage and customers for their \" support \" . A flood at the facility during Storm Desmond in 2015 55,000 without power . The outage in travel problems , with many traffic lights not , and disruption to schools , universities and businesses . Lancaster town hall while the outage with . It later but Lancaster City Council it \" can only with basic enquiries \" . Salt Ayre Leisure Centre in Lancaster and it only cash payments when it . Lancaster University and tweeted wi-fi available outside the chaplaincy centre , security lodge and information systems services . The university 's student union a tweet students who exams to up as usual . St John 's Hospice and Lancaster Cathedral both that power .", "The plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket , Suffolk , by Forest Heath District Council . But last year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid to the decision . Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart that Mr Javid 's decision fatally inconsistent and \" plainly deficient \" . The case will now to . Mr Justice Gilbart , in London , the refusal , : \" The secretary of state a complete and unexplained volte-face in his assessment of the highways impacts of two proposals for development on the same site in Newmarket and also to his own National Planning Policy Framework . \" The judge : \" There on any view a requirement for more land for housing and other economic development in the Forest Heath District . \" Edward Stanley , the 19th Earl of Derby , the legal challenge with Moulton Parish Council and the Rural Parishes Alliance . The judge local parish councils for some time that growth in the area should not among the rural parishes but in Newmarket . Newmarket Horsemen 's Group and some others concerned that development in the town \" may an adverse effect on the horseracing industry that there \" and to traffic . A spokesman for Lord Derby : \" The secretary of state now a second chance to the application . He should full account of the significant benefits the planning application will to Newmarket when a decision . \" The Department for Communities and Local Government : \" We this judgment and will now our response . \"", "The call at a scrutiny meeting of the council to the problems the new vessel . Council leader Dave Stewart the crossing at Cowes would free until 2 July \" in recognition of the problems \" and to feedback . Mr Stewart the council a review of the project by auditors . He it a \" frustrating and disappointing start \" to the ferry . Since late on 14 May the chain ferry down , aground and by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to \" training issues \" . Cars also on and off . Shopkeeper Angie Booth , who Valu-4-U in East Cowes , : \" Whether I out of this and I not sure - other businesses too . We the brunt of the loss of almost six months of trade . \" Will you local businesses , the same as for cars ? \" Transport councillor Ian Ward compensation up for discussion . He : \" I n't it a disaster . It a prototype . There to teething problems . There electrical problems which the company . \" He the council the manufacture of ramp extensions to the problem of vehicles the concrete . He groundings an issue with seamanship , which .", "The 24-year-old Tunisia international , who initially Lille on a season-long loan last summer , a three-year contract with Les Dogues . Sliti just five appearances since his return from the 2017 African Cup of Nations - where he all four matches as Tunisia the tournament in the quarter-finals . He 16 games for Lille , once - during November 's 4-2 home victory against Caen . Sliti , who his career with Sedan before to Paris FC in 2013 , 11 caps for his country and three goals . Lille 11th in the table into Saturday 's fixture against Metz .", "3 February 2016 Last at 08:07 GMT The British astronaut up there for six weeks , but time out to to children and some experiments . Leah to some of kids lucky enough to able to direct to the astronaut ...", "Media playback not on this device The Newtownards man the first Irish cyclist to a world track title in 117 years when he in the scratch race in Belarus . Irvine , 28 , also silver in the points race at the World Championships plus a World Cup gold in Manchester and a European bronze this year . \" This a tremendous honour ,\" seven-times Irish champion Irvine . \" I to BBC Northern Ireland for this award as it fantastic recognition for everything that in the past year and also for the sport of cycling which through somewhat of resurgence in popularity recently . \" I really forward to the next year with the Commonwealth Games , the World Championships and hopefully the Giro d'Italia . \" With any luck I will to some of the guys from BBC Sport NI from a podium sometime next year ! \" After his historic world gold and silver in Belarus during February , Irvine then a fractured hip at a road race event in Taiwan a month later which him out until August . However , the Irvine his fitness to bronze at the European Track Championships in Netherlands before victory in the World Cup points event in Manchester two weeks later . The judging panel of Northern Ireland sports journalists Irvine ahead of runner-up AP McCoy and motorcyclist Michael Dunlop . Others for the award boxer Carl Frampton , Ireland cricket captain William Porterfield and triathlon star Aileen Reid . The panel of judges of Shane Glynn , editor Sport BBC NI , BBC NI sports reporter Nikki Gregg , Belfast Telegraph sports editor Stephen Beacom , Kenny Archer of the Irish News , News Letter sports editor Richard Mulligan and author and freelance journalist Orla Bannon . \" Once again the judging panel a tough decision to this year but we that Martyn 's achievements just outstanding ,\" BBC NI sports editor Glynn . \" I delighted that he BBC Northern Ireland 's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013 . \" To a world champion , literally within an hour of a silver medal in another discipline , nothing short of phenomenal . \" And to the likes of AP McCoy and Michael Dunlop to this award volumes about Martyn 's achievements . \"", "A major emergency at the airport after the Italian C-27J aircraft communication . It to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution and without incident shortly before 20:00 . Police Scotland the C-27J from Iceland to Italy . Flights to for a short time at Glasgow and Edinburgh , but Scottish airspace not . Prestwick Airport also open throughout , and a Ryanair passenger flight to Malta off a short time after the Italian plane . A video on Facebook by the Ayrshire News newspaper to the civilian aircraft at the airport . The Typhoons not . Photographs from the scene on social media several emergency service vehicles which to the scene as a precaution . A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence : \" Typhoon aircraft this evening from RAF Lossiemouth to a civilian aircraft which concern to air traffic control authorities . \" The aircraft safely to Prestwick airport and the local police now the lead . \"", "Bomb disposal officers to Birmingham 's Lee Bank area on Friday and nearby roads and off . The men , two aged 32 and 37 in Stoke-on-Trent and three others , aged 18 , 24 and 28 , in Birmingham . Magistrates police a further seven days to the men . Detectives from the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit before London 's Westminster Magistrates' Court via video link on Saturday to their request for a warrant of further detention , a spokesman . The men on suspicion of in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism . Ch Supt Sue Southern , from West Midlands Police , : \" The arrests of the five men intelligence and our investigation at full pace . \" A number of properties in the Stoke and Birmingham areas as part of the investigation . The BBC the force with two suspect devices that at a business in Lee Bank on Friday .", "Coverage will on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app . The two teams off in Patras , Greece , earlier this month , with European title contenders Greece out winners , 92-64 . Three members of that team will at the Copper Box , however , GB a chance of revenge . \" I it to amazing - I from Stratford so I there [ at the Copper Box ],\" GB guard Teddy Okereafor . \" This the level we to at to sure we 100 % ready for EuroBasket this year . \" We a couple of guys who to for the first time in London so it to exciting for them - I the atmosphere to great . \" The game will Britain 's only home game before they at FIBA EuroBasket 2017 , which at the beginning of September with a qualifying group in Istanbul , Turkey . After they Greece , coach Joe Prunty 's team to a four-team tournament in Poland , their last warm-up games before EuroBasket . ( BST ) 17:30-19:30 - BBC iPlayer 17:30-19:30 - BBC Sport website", "The breach 10 days ago when the council 's website service provider , which in England , by hackers . The City of Edinburgh Council those no other personal details . Officials of a potential increase in spam or phishing emails . They the incident to both the Information Commissioner and the UK Government 's Computer Emergency Response Team and that extra security measures in place . A council spokeswoman : \" This a malicious cyber attack on the council 's website which in a UK data centre . It with swiftly and at no point any council services . \" We everyone who to them of the incident and them advice and support . We individuals that the only details that their email addresses . \" The Information Commissioner 's Office and preventative measures by the web service providers . \" We to the public the security of our website critically important , and we to with our service providers to that the risks with attacks with . \"", "\" We big ideas for the future , and part of them Instagram into a sustainable business ,\" it . Ads will in a few months and just a handful of firms . Instagram by Facebook for $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 619m ) , but never a profit . The company , which now 150 million users , a favourite among consumers but long analysts how it could enthusiasm among photographers into a business model . Early efforts by Instagram to revenue with user backlash , such as when the company the terms of service to seemingly that it would user images and could those images to advertisers . The failure of this move in the company 's posting . \" As always , you your own photos and videos . The introduction of advertising wo n't this ,\" it . In an interview earlier this year with the BBC , Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom that Instagram must \" its own future . \" Social media advertising a business in the US . to research firm eMarketer , advertisers will $ 9.5bn on social network ads worldwide this year . Facebook its efforts to a larger share of this ad spending . This year , the company 's share of global mobile ad revenues will to 15.8 % from 5.35 % last year .", "The star of TV series Dexter and Six Feet Under , Hall the lead role in Bowie 's musical Lazarus , which shortly before his death . He will the title song , which with the line : \" up here , I in heaven \" , and widely as Bowie 's personal epitaph . The song also on Bowie 's Mercury-nominated Blackstar album . Other nominees Laura Mvula , The 1975 , Kano and Bat For Lashes . Radiohead also for their album A Moon Shaped Pool . It their fifth nomination - but they yet to the \u00c2 \u00a3 25,000 prize . The band , who on a brief break from their world tour , not to at the ceremony , but most of the other acts will . On the night , the 12 albums will down to six finalists , one of whom will by a public vote . A panel of judges , Jarvis Cocker , Annie Mac and Wolf Alice frontwoman Ellie Rowsell , will then the overall winner . The full list of nominees : more about the nominees The 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize place at the Hammersmith Apollo on Thursday , 15 September . There will full coverage on BBC Music News LIVE , and the BBC red button and the ceremony will live on BBC Four from 21:00 BST . us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Gurpal Virdi , 56 , of Hounslow , west London , by the jury at Southwark Crown Court . Mr Virdi indecently a male prisoner and misconduct in public office . The charges back to on or before 7 November 1986 . During the trial Mr Virdi the Metropolitan Police of the criminal case against him as part of a 17-year campaign to \" \" him out of the force . The detective the police to him after he evidence to the Stephen Lawrence inquiry about racism within the police force . He jurors : \" This a typical reaction from a department that me since 1998 , me and me around and my phone . Mr Virdi from the Metropolitan Police in 2012 after 30 years of service .", "Mr Cairns it would \" completely wrong \" to in the EU 's single market as both major UK parties voters they to . But he down differences with the Welsh Government over Brexit . The UK government under pressure to its approach to the EU , which critics a \" hard Brexit \" . Mr Cairns 's predecessor , Stephen Crabb , the election the terms of the Brexit debate . The Preseli Pembrokeshire MP calls from Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson for Theresa May to a more flexible approach that a consensus across parties . Mr Crabb BBC Wales : \" The majority of business opinion in Wales and the UK Britain in the single market and in the customs union but still out of the European Union legally . \" And I that argument to at far more closely and if we ca n't a satisfactory deal on membership of the single market we something that pretty close to it if it to the consensus that it to across the parties . \" Wales Office Minister Guto Bebb the process of to governments . \" It seven times more important now because of the result of the election that the countries a real voice in the process of the European Union ,\" he . Mr Cairns , newly to his role , he Brexit negotiations , due to next week , to on the right outcome with businesses freely . \" We about frictionless trade , the Welsh Government about unfettered access . These one and the same things ,\" he . \" Even the Labour Party n't to part of the single market so it would completely wrong to in the single market when the two largest parties to that . \" But Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP Simon Hart Mr Crabb 's call for cross-party consensus . He he not the idea that because Theresa May \" an unquestionably difficult time for which she some of the blame \" it \" it game over \" .", "They private meetings with Theresa May in the wake of the Hillsborough inquests , which in April . Jurors the fans who as a result of the 1989 crush unlawfully . The families also about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police . They on the home secretary to the force into remedial measures . It the ' Hillsborough Law ' would to a further onus on those in public office to positively with investigations . The families about developments in two ongoing criminal investigations into the disaster at the meetings with the home secretary , which in Warrington . Theresa May previously the dignity and determination of the victims' relatives . Chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group , Margaret Aspinall , whose son James in the disaster , : \" I myself for the very first time - I sure the families as well - that at last there a home secretary that actually to them . \" The home secretary some Hillsborough families before , but this the first time that she directly to them since the inquests . Theresa May several hours in Warrington , separately with the two main groups of relatives . The atmosphere to , with some of the families directly to her about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police during the inquests . Some relatives for assurances that there will criminal prosecutions , and I that they to sure that the home secretary personally the emotional toll that the two-year inquests . Although the Hillsborough families the jury 's finding of unlawful killing , they that many months of uncertainty ahead before they out whether criminal trials will . The Independent Police Complaints Commission that 19 people to with their probe into the conduct of officers from West Midlands Police , which the tragedy . The watchdog now files on suspects to the Crown Prosecution Service in its largest-ever inquiry into alleged criminality and alleged police misconduct . The IPCC 258 officers and staff members in the investigation into the tragedy and a total of 161 statements . The watchdog : \" Our intention to full files of evidence to the CPS by the turn of the year to decisions to on whether any individuals should . \"", "North Wales Police to the incident a silver Ford Transit truck in Nantlle Road , Talysarn , Gwynedd , on Friday afternoon . The woman to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor by air ambulance , but later . Police for witnesses to the incident .", "flooding at Brunton Park , Carlisle three ' home ' fixtures at neutral grounds and Notts County at Preston 's Deepdale on Saturday . Stanley 's last two home games because of waterlogging . \" I really upset about how the league the Carlisle affair ,\" Coleman BBC Radio Lancashire . \" We now games behind Carlisle . We two postponements and they to elsewhere and I n't it right or fair . \" I n't it fair on the rest of the 23 teams who to to Carlisle when some teams wo n't to there . \" I just n't it anywhere near any shape or form fair . \" I nothing against Carlisle , I them all the best in their ventures and what they , but it the rules . \" I every sympathy for the people that belongings and homes , I not any of that - I just strictly from a football point of view it an unfair advantage to at another ground . \" The Cumbrians will also upcoming matches at Blackburn 's Ewood Park and Blackpool 's Bloomfield Road .", "The supporters on a stadium tour but to themselves off from the remainder of the party . They on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium before over to police , who not to the pair . United there no risk to supporters the Arsenal game . The pair and their belongings through a metal detector before they on the tour . The incident six months after United 's Premier League game against Bournemouth at Old Trafford to off at short notice when a suspect package in a toilet in the corner of the stadium . It out to a fake explosive behind after a training exercise earlier in the week .", "Andrew Bickel , 39 , a light at the Catwel shop in Cardiff two weeks ago when he out to his van and to his tools . He he a call from a lady in the cat charity shop to his tools there to , but with \" no explanation of how , why or when \" . Mr Bickel 's original Facebook post about the mistake viral . He he his five minutes of fame afterwards . \" I could n't it ,\" he , \" the phone just n't . \" \" The Sun newspaper down to where I and photographs , television crews to me and I even an offer to on Judge Rinder ,\" he . \" I just for the call to into the jungle . \" Mr Bickel he \u00a3 100 by a magazine for his story and , if it , he would \u00a3 50 to the cat charity shop and \u00a3 50 to a dog charity shop , after he \" more of a dog person \" . \" I just glad no-one out of pocket ,\" he .", "Media playback not on this device Muir BBC Scotland her veterinary medicine studies will she will not with the Scotland team at next year 's event on Australia 's Gold Coast . The 24-year-old fourth and sixth in the 1500m and 5,000m at the World Athletics Championships . \" My exams n't until May so Commonwealths in April , it just not to out unfortunately ,\" the middle distance runner . \" I back to university next week . I a week off then back to my studies to my final year . Media playback not on this device \" I for Scotland whenever I can and the Commonwealths one of the few opportunities you can it so , yeah , I gutted I to it . \" But you to about my degree and that really important to me . I sure the team to so , so well . They to great . \" I I at least two , even three more Olympics in me . What events ? I n't . Certainly , so much scope for the future . \" However , Muir the World Indoor Championships in March \" potentially a target \" . \" These next few months to very full on with my studies ,\" she . \" I like I in reasonable shape . I 'd to in Birmingham . \" Hellen Obiri world champion Almaz Ayana to 5,000m gold in London , with Sifan Hassan third . Muir 's time of 14 minutes 52.07 seconds her new outdoor personal best . \" I really happy ,\" she after Sunday 's race . \" It really tough competition out there . I delighted with that . I really , really pleased with how I . \" My fifth race in 10 days - it a lot of running and to still away with that I there a lot of potential for the future . \"", "The former Newcastle striker , 26 , for eight months in May after online banking fraud . Southend boss Phil Brown Ranger to to training before their first League One game on 5 August . \" When the season , we 'll to games behind closed doors so he can a level of match fitness ,\" Brown BBC Essex . After Ranger guilty to conspiracy to by bank details and money , Southend they would the player 's future . after their pre-season friendly defeat by Brighton on Tuesday , Brown : \" Nile to that these players with discipline and for the last three or four weeks . \" The best we will out of Nile probably a week 's work and that wo n't enough for him to fit for the [ start of the ] season . \" Ranger Southend in August 2016 and eight goals in 27 league appearances last season .", "The patrols at Camber Sands in East Sussex will with \u00c2 \u00a3 51,000 by Rother District Council as part of its annual budget . Councillor Sally-Ann Hart the council to after the \" significant and unprecedented \" deaths . Families of the men who a lifeguard service could their lives . Five men during a day-trip to the beach last August . A month earlier , two others also their lives . The council the beach more than one million people each year . It lifeguards would present from the late May bank holiday until the end of the summer holidays \" to reassurance \" to visitors . after a council meeting on Monday night , Mrs Hart , the cabinet member for tourism , : \" Our thoughts with the families of those who their lives . \" The incidents significant and unprecedented and we to to the circumstances . \" We not only to the public , but also the economy and livelihoods of our coastal tourism businesses . \" However , she the importance of \" people from all communities across Britain better \" on beach and water safety before they . She : \"[ The beach ] can never completely risk-free but we committed to in our beach patrol , the lifeguard service and with other agencies to visitors to the beach aware of the dangers of the sea . \" Full inquests into the deaths . The council it would on any recommendations the coroner might . Five men from south-east London on 24 August : Two others their lives in July :", "Archibald on Swindon Town 's managerial shortlist last season and with other vacancies . Osman the loss of Archibald - who Thistle to a top six finish last season - would a hard act to . \" Since I , he only better , every season . It no surprise teams interested in him ,\" Osman . \" We n't him to anywhere . He probably one of the best managers I under . The boys him . We just he here for another season . \" Osman 's Partick Thistle team-mate Adam Barton his captain 's sentiments . \" I would personally disappointed because what he really good ,\" the midfielder . \" As a footballer , you managers who really by their players . You across so many managers who and things and I through that many managers that many times . \" New managers in and they n't even to you , they just to their own players in and and . To him would not a good thing . \" Partick Thistle on the verge of promising centre-back Liam Lindsay , who to Barnsley for a medical the clubs a fee for the player . Subject to the completion of the medical , Lindsay will a three-year deal at Oakwell .", "All 10 their passports after they at Montreal 's Trudeau International Airport at the weekend . Police in a statement on Tuesday that none of the suspects , but investigations ongoing . Their families . \" These very difficult times for the relatives and ones of the persons , as the decision to the country not that of the family , but of a single family member ,\" the statement . \" As a result , family members often themselves at a complete loss and unable to the decision by the youth . \" Police they could not the identity of the suspects or information about what to their arrests . Steven Blaney , Canada 's public safety minister , the officers for their \" continued vigilance \" in communities from \" the global terror threat \" . Canadian troops part of a multinational coalition to the advance of IS militants in Iraq and Syria . Prime Minister Stephen Harper in March that he to the mission and since $ 139m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 89m ) to the humanitarian crisis in the region .", "The 21-year-old his debut for the Tigers in the League Cup first-round tie against Accrington Stanley in August . Dixon captain of the Championship club 's under-21 side . He could his debut for the Minstermen , who bottom of the Football League , in Saturday 's match against Newport . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "Colin Shields Belfast ahead before Scott Aarssen late in the first period . However , second-period goals from Ryan Martinelli and Mark Garside the Giants in control . Alex Foster Belfast 's lead to 4-1 before Steve Saviano the scoring with five minutes . Belfast a game in hand on the Devils , who Coventry Blaze 5-3 on Monday evening . Cardiff back in action against Blaze on Tuesday while the Giants at home to Manchester Storm on Wednesday evening as the busy festive period . The Giants the lead after 15:52 on Monday with Shields after up by James Desmarais and Saviano . Aarssen on the powerplay in the last minute of the first period but Martinelli the Giants' advantage on 27:41 after well with Saviano . Garside then into the Braehead net on 33:50 before Foster 's powerplay effort on 51:45 and Saviano 's concluding goal on 55:18 . After Wednesday 's game against Manchester , Braehead Clan the visitors on Friday before Coventry Blaze on the Giants at the SSE Arena on 2 January .", "25 February 2016 Last at 10:01 GMT significant restoration , it will its first journey in ten years along the East Coast mainline . The steam engine initially in Doncaster , but its name from the Edinburgh to London service on which it . After the last original locomotive class member in 1966 , the train the world , an icon of British engineering . Video by BBC Rewind", "He one of 249 men the Catholic Church over alleged historical sexual abuse at St William 's residential school in Market Weighton . Only one man out of five initial cases at the High Court in Leeds compensation . In December , a judge in favour of one claimant and the church to \u00c2 \u00a3 14,000 in damages . At the same hearing , His Honour Judge Gosnell three other claims . More on this and other East Yorkshire stories In January 2016 the former head of St William 's James Carragher for the third time after he guilty of sexually boys . Carragher , 75 , already to 21 years in prison for sexually boys and for a further nine years in January . He for seven years in 1993 and a further 14 years in 2004 for offences he at St William 's , which in 1992 . Co-defendant Anthony McCallen , 69 , a former chaplain at St William 's , to 15 years in prison for a series of historical sex offences . He of eight other charges at the same trial . The De La Salle Brothers , a Christian order of lay teachers , which the school in conjunction with the Diocese of Middlesbrough , \" unreservedly \" for the abuse . Another set of compensation claims to in late 2017 .", "The film , by JK Rowling and Eddie Redmayne as Newt Scamander , a total of \u00a3 15.3m . It the third highest opening weekend from the JK Rowling series , behind the two final Harry Potter films . Warner Bros executive Josh Berger : \" We thrilled with the huge response from British and Irish audiences . \" The film also its magic at North American cinemas , an $ 75m (\u00a3 61m ) over the weekend - more than the rest of the US box office top 10 . Harry Potter creator Rowling scripts for a total of five films in the series . The first instalment in New York , and the story of a fictional author in the Potter stories . Redmayne the part of the animal-loving magizoologist Newt Scamander , who New York 's secret community of witches and wizards . The film 70 years before Harry Potter his book at his school , Hogwarts . It broadly positive reviews from critics . The opening weekend haul in the US and Canada lower than for any of the Harry Potter films , however . Elsewhere in the box office charts , Benedict Cumberbatch 's Doctor Strange to second with $ 17.7m (\u00a3 14.3m ) , with Trolls third on $ 17.5m (\u00a3 14.1m ) . Sci-fi movie Arrival , Amy Adams , fourth spot with $ 11.8m (\u00a3 9.5m ) , while the comedy Almost Christmas , Danny Glover and Gabrielle Union , out the top five with $ 7m (\u00a3 5.7m ) . us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 22-year-old her neck and back , her pelvis and a disc in her neck after with Elis Ligtlee during the omnium final . Norfolk 's Williamson four weeks in hospital after January 's accident . \" They pretty sure paralysis to the outcome while I in Rotterdam , but luckily I through ,\" she BBC Look East . \" an athlete , I they because my neck and back so strong I able to the force . \" Although I a few bones , my spinal cord intact and I here to another day . \" Racing at the event after the 2013 World Championships bronze medallist 's crash , with fans to the velodrome . \" I no memories , which probably pretty good ,\" she . \" It not to me off in the future ,\" she . \" I onto the fence ready to up to the final and then next thing I I in hospital and someone me I 'd an accident . I just with ' I ?' . That all I worried about . \" Williamson to back \" easy \" on a bike by the end of the summer and she the right support around her to a full recovery . Media playback not on this device \" I to back on a bike eventually ,\" she . \" I no timescale yet , but I n't what level I 'll able to to . I 'll it a good go . \" I the full support team behind me , I physios , doctors . We the world 's best . At the end of the day , we a great programme , so I every chance of back to where I . \"", "Former Association of Police and Crime Commissioners ( APCC ) chief executive Nazir Afzal against so by the organisation 's board . This because of potentially controversial policing issues that could on the show . But Mr Afzal down and on the programme on 25 May . The APCC : \" Nazir the board that he to on Question Time to the recent events in Manchester . \" The board , up of all parties , that it would inappropriate for him to so , the number of contentious issues to policing which could especially in discussion with politicians who and during purdah . \" He from his post in order to this appearance . We him for his service during his year at the APCC . \" Mr Afzal the APCC last year . The association Mr Afzal a contract that he would not any media without the consent of the board . This essential because the APCC apolitical and the role of the chief executive politically , it . Mr Afzal : \" media calls I that I as Chief Executive of country 's police & crime commissioners . I not anything publicly . \" in England and Wales in 2012 , PCCs must : Source : Association of Police and Crime Commissioners Mr Afzal a former Crown chief prosecutor for north-west England . It he would down in March 2015 . He several high-profile prosecutions , the Rochdale grooming trial . He an OBE in 2004 for services to law and the local community , news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning", "Earlier this month , NRW the lagoon would 21 % of salmon and 25 % of sea trout each year , as they to and from local rivers . Tidal Lagoon Power ( TLP ) the claims no \" clear scientific basis \" . NRW its figures on the \" best available evidence \" it . In a briefing note to AMs and by BBC Wales , TLP NRW 's figures and that the regulator to its methodology for them . \" Without clear scientific basis NRW recently figures in these ' what if ' scenarios despite our request to the evidence to them up prior to publication ,\" the briefing . \" These scenarios unrealistic and grossly impact figures [ on fish ],\" the briefing . TLP that computer modelling out by experts on its behalf a \" worst case scenario \" of the lagoon 2 % of all species of fish . The \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn Swansea tidal lagoon project by the firm as a test bed for much larger and more cost effective versions around the coast , Cardiff , Newport and Colwyn Bay . UK government ministers the findings of a six-month review of the viability of the scheme , which yet to . Wales' Environment Secretary Lesley Griffiths the Welsh Government \" very supportive \" of the scheme . But she both it and the industry clarity on the UK government 's position in the \" very , very near future . \" NRW it strongly with TLP 's criticism , which it \" very surprised and disappointed by \" . Gareth O'Shea , an NRW executive director , : \" We a vast amount of evidence on this subject from the applicant and detailed discussions with the developer for a year-and-a-half where we a huge amount of information , data and our methodology . \" This by independent experts and our own technical experts , and we the utmost confidence that it the best evidence available to us to the right decision for the environment in Wales , as we legally to . \"", "It already the 30-year-old would the Warriors when his contract this summer . The South Africa-born forward Sale 's first new signing for next season . \" Josh a world class forward ,\" Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond . \" He well for both Glasgow and Scotland over the past five years and will the squad in the department . \" Strauss Glasgow from Super Rugby side Lions in 2012 and , after three years of residency , to for Scotland in time for the 2015 World Cup . Number eight Strauss by a kidney injury during the Six Nations defeat by France , him out of the rest of the tournament . \" Since to the UK I always it in the back of my mind that I to in the Premiership ,\" Strauss . \" I really my time with the Warriors , but I my agent to around for me . He back with Sale Sharks who a good name , a good record in the Premiership and an attractive proposition . \"", "Flight MU736 from Sydney , Australia to Shanghai , but the pilot problems with the engine about one hour after off . Passengers , who to the night in Sydney , media they something inside the aircraft . The Airbus A330 safely and there no reports of injuries . Images on social media a large hole in the engine casing . Several passengers they a loud sound from the left engine shortly after take-off . One passenger Australia 's Seven News network : \" All of a sudden we this noise ... it kind of like \" . \" I really scared . Our group terrified . \" One woman on the flight news agency Reuters : \" The cabin crew out and us to our seatbelts and to us down , but we actually very panicked because we no idea what . \" Passengers the crew the seats near the affected engine . China Eastern Airlines in a statement to the media that the crew \" the abnormal situation of the left engine and to to Sydney airport immediately \" . It that all passengers would on flights on Monday . Aviation safety authorities now . Aviation expert Greg Waldron of consulting firm FlightGlobal the BBC that it would \" difficult to at this early juncture what such extensive damage \" to the China Eastern plane . He investigators would likely at all possible factors and maintenance records of the aircraft and engine . \" They will also carefully whether a foreign object may a role in this ,\" he . Last month , industry websites The Aviation Herald and Aero.de pictures from social media to a similar hole in another aeroplane 's engine casing . Mr Waldron it would \" too early \" to whether the Sydney incident to other cases , but it would something investigators would .", "Katy James leave to because her British husband Dominic , a self-employed bike dealer , less than \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 per year . Mr and Mrs James in Eastbourne and a daughter , Madeleine , aged two . Immigration Minister James Brokenshire to their MP to after an interval review the Home Office would her application to . Caroline Ansell MP on her website she confident the government would the decision because \" the three a right to family life under human rights legislation and because of the impact on young Madeleine should Katy to . \" Katy 's father-in-law Jim Needham BBC Sussex : \" It a great relief , it early days yet but we very hopeful things will and justice will . \" The couple , who in 2006 , they victims of a rule change in 2012 which British citizens with non-EU spouses to an income of at least \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 . Mrs James on Wednesday it \" outrageous \" the Home Office a child not her mother . Legal commentator Joshua Rozenberg the purpose of the income threshold to non-Europeans into the UK and a burden on the taxpayer .", "At points throughout the year we may a theme for the gallery - this week 's theme \" love \" . out how you can your images and videos below . If you a picture you 'd to , us at england @ bbc.co.uk , it on Facebook or it to @ BBCEngland . You can also us on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to an image there . You can also a recent archive of pictures on our England 's Big Picture board on Pinterest . When pictures , please sure you the information : Please that whilst we all your pictures , we more likely to those which in the past week . If you a picture , you so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In to England 's Big Picture you to us a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to and otherwise the material in any way that we , and in any media worldwide . It important to , however , that you still the copyright to everything you to England 's Big Picture , and that if your image , we will your name alongside . The BBC cannot that all pictures will and we the right to your comments . At no time should you yourself or others , any unnecessary risks or any laws any kind of media .", "Mr Tshibala will leader until presidential elections later this year . He from Congo 's largest opposition party , the UDPS , last month after the designation of successors to veteran leader Etienne Tshisekedi who in February . Mr Tshibala 's appointment likely to further Mr Kabila 's opponents . Talks to his exit from power down last week . Mr Kabila to down after his second and final five-year term to an end last year but the vote to him not . The electoral commission financial and logistical difficulties . The arrogance of power The failure to the polls to a wave of deadly demonstrations by opposition supporters , with calls from diplomats for the president to the constitution . The Roman Catholic Church in to a deal at the end of 2016 which the creation of a transitional government that would the elections . But the deal because the government and the opposition unable to on the power-sharing mechanism under the arrangement . The country of 71 million people not a peaceful transfer of power since its independence from Belgium in 1960 .", "Fairfax on Wednesday it would 125 editorial jobs - a quarter of its newsroom - to revenues . In response , staff will until after next week 's federal budget , one of the year 's biggest local news days . Fairfax 's outlets the Sydney Morning Herald , Melbourne 's The Age and the Australian Financial Review . The latest cuts in addition to restructuring and cuts in recent years . The Sydney Morning Herald 's chief political correspondent James Massola \" On strike for a week \" , while his colleague Judith Ireland that \" quality journalism actual journalists to the job \" . Like most media outlets around the globe , Fairfax from circulation of its print editions and advertising revenue . The fresh staff cuts along with plans to back the use of freelancers . \" While we will across all parts of the newsroom , at the end of the redundancy program we there will significantly fewer editorial management , video , presentation and section writer roles ,\" the publisher as in an internal note . Australia 's Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance , which the country 's journalists , strongly the cuts at Fairfax as a \" dumb move \" . \" This will only and its mastheads further , its audience and the editorial staff that to harder and harder to the gaps ,\" chief executive Paul Murphy . Fairfax the main rival to Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp Australia , which also from revenues and also plans to jobs .", "Media playback not on this device The 17-year-old from Gloucestershire the champion apprentice trophy in his maiden season this year . Marquand up 68 wins across the last 12 months , his trainer Hannon to the comparison with Moore . \" I he could a champion jockey one day ,\" Hannon BBC Points West . \" I would amazed if he not right to the top , he the name on everybody 's lips at the moment . \" Marquand 's rapid rise him for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015 award . The jockey on the final shortlist for the award , alongside gymnast Ellie Downie and para-swimmer Tully Kearney . \" What he a little bit special ,\" Hannon . \" He a lovely guy and thoroughly his success . He very popular and he himself with everybody . \" Hannon , who 300 horses at his stables near Marlborough , the son of former flat jockey champion Richard Hannon Sr . Moore great success under the guidance of Hannon and the champion apprentice title in 2003 . Since then , Moore himself as one of the most respected flat jockeys in horse racing and champion jockey in 2006 , 2008 and 2009 . \" Ryan Moore on the big stage and he the best jockey in the world at the moment . He so professional and the ultimate jockey and that who you to ,\" Marquand , who will out if he the BBC award on Sunday . \" It a yard that constantly in the limelight and it big to to somewhere like this . \"", "Officials from Cuba and Norway , the two countries the peace process , a week of discussions would in Havana on 10 December . Colombia 's president the talks after the rebels Gen Ruben Dario Alzate and two others on 16 November . The captives on Sunday . They over to a humanitarian mission by the International Red Cross and to a military base near the city of Medellin before to with their families . \" We the crisis over and that we that the next cycle of conversations will place between 10 and 17 December ,\" Reuters a joint statement by a Cuban official as . The negotiators the next round of talks would on a de-escalation of the conflict , and on the relatives of victims . They also the parties to a permanent system to with any future crises . They will around mid-January , on a date not yet . The negotiations under way in Havana since November 2012 and to an end to five decades of conflict , in which 220,000 people to . The Red Cross and the Farc that the handover on Sunday place in a remote location in Choco province , an isolated jungle region on Colombia 's Pacific Coast . Gen Alzate , Cpl Jorge Rodriguez and lawyer Gloria Urrego 14 days earlier while along the Atrato river by boat . They into territory by the Farc in civilian clothes and without a security detail . The Farc they the general because they unhappy that President Juan Manuel Santos military operations against them during peace talks . The left-wing rebel group calls for both sides to a ceasefire while the peace negotiations . The government such calls , that a truce would only the rebel group and . Gen Alzate from his post on Monday , he should more security precautions .", "Akpan , 25 , a goal for handball in Tuesday 's loss at Sheffield Wednesday , before a red card by Scott Duncan for his protests . Blackburn also with to players themselves in an orderly fashion . Akpan and Rovers until 20 and 21 February respectively to . A three-match ban the standard punishment for a red card for violent conduct . However , it that Akpan 's behaviour violent conduct in circumstances where the standard punishment that would otherwise clearly insufficient . He currently for three matches , Sunday 's FA Cup tie with Manchester United . In 1998 , then-Sheffield Wednesday striker Paolo di Canio for 11 games for referee Paul Alcock to the ground . Seven years later , Southampton midfielder David Prutton for 10 matches after two charges of improper conduct , referee Alan Wiley and to another official .", "The 22-year-old an impressive list at the Aegon Open on 4-12 June , Caroline Wozniacki , Victoria Azarenka , and British top three Johanna Konta , Heather Watson and Naomi Broady . Robson world number 27 in July 2013 , but since from a serious wrist injury last year . \" I excited to to Nottingham ,\" Robson . \" I how great the grass courts there . well on the grass key ahead of Wimbledon and Nottingham the perfect place to . \" I really this time of year , to able to in front of a home crowd . It fantastic to a strong British turnout for the event as the fans always such a great atmosphere . \"", "A foul smell residents to the site in March . The government all the bodies in a single night and stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies . But Human Rights Watch they must to if any of the people during anti-government protests in January there . Dozens of demonstrators in protests over a electoral law change which would a national census to before the presidential election could place . The US-based watchdog Human Rights Watch ( HWR ) that bodies missing during the protests and also during government crackdowns on criminal gangs in the capital last year and in 2013 . Human rights workers first aware of the burial site after residents of Maluku in Kinshasa a terrible smell near the local cemetery more than two weeks ago . A woman in the field then a limb out of the ground . The DR Congo government that the bodies all in individual graves on 19 March . A spokesman on Monday that there would no exhumations of the bodies .", "Media playback not on this device The Toffees will about \u00a3 5m compensation for the 53-year-old Dutchman , who Saints after two years in charge . Everton without a manager since they Roberto Martinez just before the end of the 2015-16 season . It Koeman 's appointment will by Friday . : Saints fans down by Koeman BBC Radio 5 live 's Football Daily podcast Koeman , who by new Everton owner Farhad Moshiri , will a deal to worth about \u00a3 6m a year . The former Netherlands international , who on holiday , will brother Erwin and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg with him to Goodison Park . Saints seventh and sixth under Koeman - their best Premier League campaigns . Martinez Champions League qualification when but Everton 11th in 2015-16 , his third year at the club . In April , Saints chairman Ralph Krueger discussions with Koeman over a new deal \" in a very good direction \" , but the club \" not in any real hurry \" . And last month the former Ajax , PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona defender he to with the Saints for the final year of his contract . Koeman more than 763 appearances as a player , 253 goals , and the 1988 European Championship with the Netherlands . He the European Cup - now the Champions League - with PSV Eindhoven in 1988 and Barcelona in 1992 , the winner for the latter against Sampdoria at Wembley . He also four domestic league titles apiece in the Netherlands and Spain . Koeman since Vitesse Arnhem , Ajax , Benfica , PSV , Valencia , AZ Alkmaar , Feyenoord and Southampton . He the Dutch league with both Ajax and PSV . Reaction Former Southampton and England forward Matt le Tissier he \" disappointed \" and \" quite surprised \" at Koeman 's decision to , particularly with Saints in the Europa League next season . \" He may he a better chance of trophies at Everton . I 'd of a slightly different opinion ,\" Le Tissier BBC Sport . \" I they a new owner and to a bit of cash , but it might not as easy a job as he . \" Most clubs in the Premier League pretty wealthy now and can in the transfer market . We just to on and to the next man to us forward again . \" The players' loyalty with the football club and hopefully they will us on again next season . \"", "The problem that so many of the initiatives and ideas to the country as ground-breaking to business as usual . So the Communities Secretary Sajid Javid out of his way to no-nonsense and tough today . He some English councils of \" \" the numbers on housing need in their area and them that he not to that to anymore . But the response to the government 's proposals decidedly . Labour 's shadow housing minister John Healey them as \" feeble beyond belief \" . \" old ground \" how the National Association of Commercial Finance Brokers the White Paper . \" the can down the road ,\" one big investment fund . The chief executive of the housebuilder Inland Homes , Stephen Wicks , the failure to rules on green belt development . \" Brownfield in itself ca n't possibly the long-term housing requirements of the UK ,\" he . \" It can an awful long way but there to a relaxation of some green belt to us to the numbers that we to . \" The White Paper measures to developers , housing associations and councils to more affordable homes more quickly , both to and to . But this government to with two voices on housing : the communities department to the balance of power firmly towards new development in places people to , but Number 10 and some influential Tory backbenchers sympathetic to the passionate concerns of those who to the countryside and particularly the green belt . The real question that behind all the rhetoric and policy bullet-points whether the balance of power between development and local opposition fundamentally . Ministers now England 250,000 new homes every year , they the housing market as \" broken \" and they that radical change the only way to it . But many yet to that this White Paper to a \" realistic plan \" to that .", "Robert Thomson , 18 , from Bellshill , last on Friday 3 June and by his family two days later . Police the body in woods near Kilbrennan Drive , Motherwell , yet to formally but to Mr Thomson . A post-mortem examination will to the cause of death , which not as suspicious .", "The Barcelona striker ahead of team-mate Lionel Messi , who by academics at \u00a3 149m . The only England players in the top 10 Tottenham duo Harry Kane ( worth \u00a3 122m ) and Dele Alli (\u00a3 96m ) . Paul Pogba , who Manchester United for a record \u00a3 89m in the summer , worth \u00a3 136.4m . The study out by a team of academics from the CIES Football Observatory , a transfer value algorithm . They the value criteria that player performance and characteristics , such as age and length of contract . Cristiano Ronaldo , the Ballon d'Or winner and Fifa 's world 's best player , seventh on the list at \u00a3 111m , with Real Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale 14th and at \u00a3 73.8m , less than the \u00a3 85.3m he the La Liga side in 2013 . Pogba the only player in the top five not in Spain , with Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann third at \u00a3 132m and Barcelona 's Luis Suarez fifth (\u00a3 127m ) . There 42 Premier League players in the top 100 Chelsea 's Eden Hazard (\u00a3 89m ) , Manchester United 's Anthony Martial (\u00a3 81m ) , Manchester City 's Raheem Sterling (\u00a3 75m ) and Leicester City 's Jamie Vardy (\u00a3 45m ) . West Ham midfielder Michail Antonio the list at 100 , with a value of \u00a3 31m .", "Yvonne Mosquito , the West Midlands Deputy PCC , after a murder victim 's family without officers . a disciplinary in May 2016 , Ms Mosquito an employment tribunal to place in May 2017 . A joint statement \" all outstanding matters \" . A BBC source Ms Mosquito a payout . The Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner it would not on whether money hands . Allegations against Ms Mosquito to a visit she to the family of Kenichi Phillips , 18 , who dead in a car in Birmingham , on 17 March 2016 . Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson her actions \" ongoing upset and distress \" and \" the relationship \" between the family and police \" in the middle of a complex and sensitive murder investigation \" . Her supporters she as an ordained minister who to condolences to relatives . Her union Unite the allegations , it \" deplorable \" the hearing ahead in Ms Mosquito 's absence . She with a final warning and her contract never . The BBC previously Ms Mosquito a letter of complaint about the PCC 's behaviour towards her , of which the PCC aware , four weeks before her suspension . A joint statement by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) and Ms Mosquito they \" happy to that they amicably all outstanding matters between them \" . \" Litigation a stressful business and the parties and the effects that inevitably from that ,\" it . The former colleagues each other for their work around issues of equality , the statement .", "Media playback not on this device Winger Niall McGinn also as Northern Ireland from their defeat by Poland to in contention for a place in the last 16 . \" People us off , nobody us a chance ,\" defender McAuley . \" It a very special moment . \" We n't at it against Poland and we to it right . \" Media playback not on this device The 36-year-old West Brom player the second-oldest goalscorer at a European Championship by Northern Ireland ahead with a 49th-minute header , before substitute McGinn the second in injury time . It Northern Ireland 's first victory at a major tournament finals in 34 years - since hosts Spain at the 1982 World Cup - and the result Michael O'Neill's side can still as a best team at least . They Germany in their final Group C game and , with Ukraine , Northern Ireland will for the knockout stages with a win in Paris on Tuesday . \" We ourselves down against Poland in terms of the intensity we to at so we a point to to ourselves ,\" McAuley . \" It a wonderful team performance and we delighted for everyone , especially the supporters . \" We something to for in our last game against Germany , which what we . We can a lot of confidence into that game . \" Media playback not on this device O'Neill five changes for his side 's second group game , striker Kyle Lafferty on the bench , and the Northern Ireland boss it a gamble . \" There some risk to the team but it a fantastic performance from the entire side ,\" the 46-year-old . \" I could n't any more . The players every last ounce of passion and energy and the supporters magnificent - everything that good about Northern Ireland in that stadium . \" We ourselves a great chance of third and we will to a point , maybe more , against the Germans . \" I 'll the players this and then our minds will to Germany . We wo n't them . \"", "Lydia Wilkinson she not at first whether her father Peter to the stabbing at their home in Stourbridge on 30 March . She after him a \" massive relief and an opportunity I n't I to \" . \" I will them both so much ,\" the 18-year-old . Aaron Barley , 23 , of no fixed address , with their murders and with the murder of Mr Wilkinson . Lydia , who at university at the time 50-year-old Tracey and 13-year-old Pierce , of her devastation . Mrs Wilkinson dead at the scene . Pierce in hospital after paramedics to him . \" For me especially it a case of every day as it and your blessings and the support around , definitely . \" For more on this and other Birmingham and Black Country news She tribute to staff at Birmingham 's Queen Elizabeth hospital who her father . Lydia to Pierce from school the next day . \" I still ca n't that I will never him again or him up from school on that Friday like I to ,\" she . \" He just so bubbly and full of life and he really up a room with his mannerisms and impressions . \" Mr Wilkinson , who six days in intensive care , he \" on the mend \" . He facial lacerations , \" dozens of deep stab wounds and almost 100 stitches \" . \" It will some time but obviously the emotional pain will forever ,\" he . Mr Wilkinson : \" I n't out until I up in intensive care that Pierce not it . It devastating . Absolutely devastating . \" He his wife a \" fantastic mum \" and a compassionate , kind person . \" \" She just beautiful , she our angel ,\" he .", "Students the error there two possible correct answers to the multiple choice questions . Officials they will two answers as correct in each case , and the head of the national exam board to . The annual test the academic futures of high school students . South Korean media the mistake would the test scores of about 3,600-4,000 students . \" I deep regret and an urgent need to the question-making process ,\" Education Minister Hwang Woo-Yea in a statement on television . \" We will the root cause of the problem ,\" Mr Hwang . About 640,000 students the nine-hour standardised test , the College Scholastic Ability Test , on 13 November at 1,216 testing sites across the country , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . Many students in intense for years in preparation for the exam , often with the involvement of their parents in what an extremely competitive academic environment . A good score would a spot in one of South Korea 's top universities . The suspect multiple-choice questions , one in the biology exam and one in the English language paper , an uproar with parents and students to the website of the Korea Institute for Curriculum and Evaluation ( KICE ) which the exam . Last year 's exam also controversial because of a mistake in one of the questions in the world geology section . After a year-long legal battle , Seoul High Court in favour of four students who the question flawed . \" We our best this year to erroneous questions ... but again there faulty questions , chaos and inconvenience among exam takers , their parents and teachers ,\" Kim Sung-Hoon , head of KICE .", "Gloucester away from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007 . In September , planning permission to initial work on a new ground for Gloucester . The University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds , who in the third tier of rugby league , currently in Cheltenham but a permanent home . All Golds president Lionel Hurst BBC Radio Gloucestershire : \" We with those who the club . \" We can that it considerable sense . We will to more meetings . \" We a long way from over the line on this , but this space . We constantly our own permanent base for the club . \" Rugby league and football very good friends throughout the land . It would a very significant partnership if it . \"", "In July , Conor McGinn , who from south Armagh , the Labour leader his father . It an interview in which he for Mr Corbyn to \" out beyond his comfort zone \" . A spokesman for Mr Corbyn at the time that it \" untrue \" . The St Helens MP BBC Radio Four 's Westminster Hour : \" The modus operandi that he ( Mr Corbyn ) and the people around him to , my family , to and me from them and from the community I very proud to from - which an Irish , nationalist community in south Armagh . \" The MP that after he out about Mr Corbyn in May , he a call from the Labour whips' office the party leader initially for his resignation and then him . But subsequently , through his spokesman , he for an apology and retraction , which Mr McGinn to . The MP he then the Labour leader to clear no offence and that their friendship important to him and for a meeting . He no response , but he then by the whips' office that Mr Corbyn the MP 's father , Pat , to . Pat McGinn Sinn F\u00e9in councillor in Newry for many years , as the council 's mayor between 2005 and 2006 .", "Wiggins and Cavendish among eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic Games to , along with Dutch road race silver medallist Tom Dumoulin . Owain Doull , who team pursuit gold with GB in Rio and third in the 2015 Tour of Britain , will also . The eight-day event in London on 11 September . \" The field for this year 's Tour of Britain without parallel , with star quality wherever you among the teams ,\" race director Mick Bennett . Thirty-time Tour de France stage winner Cavendish will his first appearance since omnium silver at the Olympics , in a field that also omnium gold medallist and Team Sky rider Elia Viviani of Italy , as well as the Manxman 's sprint rival Andre Greipel of Germany . Wiggins by Dylan van Baarle as former Tour of Britain winners in the field . A total of 21 teams will part , 11 UCI World Tour outfits , the highest number to in Britain since the 2014 Tour de France Grand Depart . Seven British teams will , by Team Sky and also Team Wiggins and a Great Britain national team . The rider list also six current national road race champions , by British champion Adam Blythe , who will for Great Britain . There also six national time trial champions , former UCI world hour record holders Alex Dowsett and Rohan Dennis and three-time world time trial champion Tony Martin .", "Ronald Chigunwe for Wessex Heartbeat , which the cardiac centre at Southampton General Hospital . The 40-year-old , of Breadels Field , Basingstoke , guilty to four offences of fraud and money laundering . However , he four other charges of money laundering . The Crown Prosecution Service will now whether he should trial . A decision due within the next 14 days . The fraud when a new chief executive over at the charity and suspicious after Chigunwe for financial information . The chief executive 's wife - an accounts expert - to at the records and the fraud .", "The victim because her son with an upper-caste girl about a month ago . She that police initially to a case such incidents not uncommon . The incident place in Mulgaon village on Monday afternoon but reports of the atrocity just out . The village in Satara district in the constituency of the state 's Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan . \" The women me to the ground , off my sari and me up with chappals [ slipper ] and a stick . They my hair ,\" the victim a television channel . She the beatings for two hours . On Wednesday , police five people , the girl 's parents . Dalits , formerly as \" untouchables \" , at the bottom of the Hindu caste system in India . Although caste discrimination illegal , biases in many areas .", "The company in talks with several Japanese lenders over money it to its business in the wake of a massive accounting scandal . The embattled electronics giant for loans of up to 250bn yen ($ 2.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 1.6bn ) , Nikkei daily . Toshiba it in talks but the details not . The Nikkei daily Sumitomo Mitsui Banking , Mizuho Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank like to the funds as early as this month . The funds vital for the survival of the Japanese conglomerate as it its bloated businesses , whose poor performances unnoticed during almost a decade of false accounting . The restructuring after the company in 2015 it its profits by $ 1.3bn over seven years . As part of the efforts to its books , the firm major job cuts and the selling of several plants and units to external investors . Toshiba currently almost 200,000 people . Its shares about 40 % of their value since April last year , when news of the profit overstatement to . In July , its chief executive , president and six other high-level executives from the company . Toshiba , which in a wide-range of industries from electronics to nuclear energy , in 1875 and the world 's first mass-market laptop in 1985 .", "284 for victory , England 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah - their record fourth-innings run chase in Asia 209 in 2010 . Bowler Anderson : \" We 'd happily 2-0 to the total . \" We it to and they some world-class spinners , so we to to very well . \" He : \" We some world-class batsman in our line-up . They to to their fingers out and really well . \" Mohammad Hafeez 151 as Pakistan - 146-3 overnight - out for 355 in their second innings . Jonny Bairstow a stumping off Adil Rashid in the first over of day four with Hafeez on 97 , and the opener by Stuart Broad on 113 . England Moeen Ali for 22 and Ian Bell for a duck in the space of 13 balls before the close . Alastair Cook , who an unbeaten century when England successfully 209 to Bangladesh by nine wickets at Dhaka in 2010 , will on 17 and Joe Root six on Thursday . \" Hopefully , we can a couple of big partnerships and a couple of big individual scores ,\" Anderson , who 2-52 . \" We to to the whole day to or . \" \" England not totally out of it but their chances from one in six to one in 15 or 20 ,\" former England batsman Geoffrey Boycott BBC Test Match Special . \" Joe Root and Alastair Cook quality players but they n't at ease . If they it all over . \" Former England captain Michael Vaughan : \" It a tough day for England . Hafeez 's innings could the difference . \" Pakistan favourites but you just never if England can one player to 100 . There a 15 % chance of an England win . \" to Geoffrey Boycott 's review of each day 's play on the TMS podcast to commentary highlights from the series on Pint-Sized TMS", "Gatland Henry to his players at the outset of the trip of Australia who would for the Test matches . He that his compatriot \" half the team on day one \" . \" The players straight away what the Test side and who up the numbers ,\" the New Zealander . Gatland , who on Wednesday his side to the Provincial Barbarians in the tour opener on Saturday , each of his 41-man squad in contention to the All Blacks . \" harmony in the squad paramount ,\" he . \" It about everyone an opportunity . \" It important these guys like they themselves in the shop window and a chance to themselves , and with a little bit of luck in contention for the Tests . Media playback not on this device Owen Farrell and Johnny Sexton to in competition for the fly-half spot after Gatland he the Englishman as a \" world-class 10 \" , rather than a centre . Irishman Sexton on Saturday , with Farrell on the bench . \" The players pretty aware about the competition in that position ,\" Gatland . \" Johnny a start on Saturday , and the other two [ Farrell and Dan Biggar ] will a start in the next two games . \" Gatland 's son Bryn will for the Provincial Barbarians at fly-half . \" I to Bryn last night and he the week ,\" Gatland Sr . \" We 'll up tomorrow , and he 'll to to a few tackles on the weekend . \" We n't too much about the game but he excited about the opportunity . \"", "The 24-year-old , who 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock last season , will with James Tavernier . Hodson his career at Watford and 51 games in three seasons at MK Dons after a loan at Brentford . He new faces Matt Gilks , Clint Hill , Joey Barton , Niko Kranjcar , Jordan Rossiter , Matt Crooks and Josh Windass at Ibrox . Rangers an undisclosed fee for Hodson , who part of Northern Ireland 's squad at Euro 2016 , but not in any of their four matches .", "Those the illicit weapons often and them in different packages or them in old stereos or printers , the report . Researchers that firearms and related goods 136 sales per month and a monthly revenue of $ 80,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 62,000 ) . The firearms trade attention recent terrorist attacks . The dark net a part of the internet that specific software to , in order for users to anonymous . While the trade unlikely to large-scale terrorist operations , it the potential to the platform of choice for \" lone-wolf \" terrorists to weapons and ammunition , the report . Non-profit organisation Rand Corporation Europe , with Manchester University , 52 unique vendors weapons or similar items such as ammunition , explosives , or components such as silencers across 811 listings and 18 markets . Police the 2016 Munich shooting , which nine people dead , weapons on the dark net . Lead author of the research , Giacomo Persi Paoli , : \" Recent high-profile cases that the threat by individuals or small groups weapons illegally from the dark web real . \" The ability to not only criminals and terrorists , who can virtually anonymous purchases , but also vulnerable and fixated individuals perhaps the most dangerous aspect . \" Guns for less than 1 % of items on the platform , with its main trade in narcotics . Nevertheless , the volume \" can sufficiently high to a cause of concern for policy makers and law enforcement agencies \" , the report . The study data from 12 dark net marketplaces during a week in September 2016 . Most of those guns in the US , but Europe the most popular destination for the weapons they . Judith Aldridge , co-investigator on the study , : \" In very simple terms , anyone can to the dark web and within minutes access to a variety of vendors their products , which most often illegal . \" The dark web illegal trade at a global level , some of the geographical barriers between vendors and buyers , while the personal safety of both buyers and sellers through a series of anonymising features that their identities . \"", "The comedian and actor to Malaak Compton-Rock for 19 years . A statement through his lawyer the split : \" Chris Rock for divorce from his wife , Malaak . \" This a personal matter and Chris privacy as he and Malaak through this process and on their family . \" The couple two children together , daughters , Lola Simone , 12 , and Zahra Savannah , 10 . Chris Rock once during a routine : \" Relationships hard , man . In order for any relationship to both of you to on the same page . \" You both to the same focus . And that focus ... it all about her . \" Chris Rock his name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s . The 49-year-old then onto a successful TV career before in films like Dr Dolittle and Madagascar . In his latest film , Top Five , Rock a comedian who into his upcoming wedding as part of a reality TV show . @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Paul Mason , of Ipswich , to 70 stone ( 440kg ) but more than 40 stone ( 254kg ) with the help of gastric band surgery . He the procedures in New York will seven stone ( 44kg ) . His visa application due to a previous criminal conviction . Mr Mason still to about \u00c2 \u00a3 7,000 towards surgery-related costs . He in the US in December for a consultation with Dr Jennifer Capla , who to his excess skin for free after that the NHS would not the operations as quickly as Mr Mason . However , his plans to a quick return to the country when his visa application to Homeland Security in March , because of a conviction for fraud in 1986 . He now his visa and due to surgery on 20 October . But this as he to $ 12,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 7,400 ) to the post-surgery costs , which accommodation and medicine . He due to out later this week . Last time he in the US he on The View TV programme , where he a marriage proposal from his girlfriend , Rebecca Mountain , who in Massachusetts .", "In a study on mice , Hsp90 inhibitors to cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments . This the drugs particularly promising for drug-resistant cancers , the research team . Prostate cancer the most common cancer in men in the UK . About one in eight men will prostate cancer at some point in their lives . It mainly men over the age of 50 . The cancer can sometimes successfully with hormone treatments , which androgen receptors to the growth of male hormones androgens . But some prostate cancers n't that way . Instead they an abnormal form of androgen receptor which not to the growth of hormones and therefore not to standard hormone treatment . This the most common form of resistance in prostate cancer which to aggressive , difficult-to-treat cancers . The latest research , in the journal Cancer Research , that a new class of drugs production of both receptors . Professor Paul Workman , study author and chief executive of the Institute of Cancer Research , it an exciting discovery . \" We Hsp90 inhibitors ' network drugs' because they several of the signals that in cancer all at once , across a network rather than just a single pathway . \" These drugs can cancer harder than those only one protein , and promising for or drug resistance . \" Prof Workman the next step to the Hsp90 inhibitors in clinical trials on patients with aggressive , drug-resistant prostate cancer . Prof Johann de Bono , a professor of experimental cancer medicine at the Institute of Cancer Research , : \" These drugs already in clinical trials for several types of cancer , and I excited that our work they could also men with prostate cancer who otherwise out of treatment options . \"", "\" This will all European Leagues total freedom to their matches as they fit ,\" the European Professional Football Leagues group . The agreement on 15 March . It in place between the EPFL and Uefa to attendances and television viewing figures for European matches . Arsenal 's FA Cup replay against Hull City in March 2016 special dispensation to on the same night as the Champions League last 16 . Manchester City Stoke City in a rearranged Premier League fixture last month on the same night as the Champions League last-16 ties between Barcelona and Paris St-Germain , and Borussia Dortmund and Benfica . The Premier League the scheduling of the match on Wednesday , 8 March \" unavoidable \" , it . It also in April 2013 that the Football Association \u00a3 1.1m for domestic matches to on the same night as European games . The EPFL it will a general assembly of its member leagues in Geneva on 6 June .", "The 19-year-old woman between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday . Officers off an area of the park as part of their investigation , and to a positive line of inquiry . Anyone with information to Police Scotland .", "Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will charge of Saturday 's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley 's sacking . Swansea to their new boss as soon as possible , with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice . \" We to with somebody who will to us out of trouble ,\" he . \" If we to down - and there obviously that possibility - you at the Championship and it to a lot stronger . It not a foregone conclusion [ to straight back up ] . \" I Norwich and Burnley it but it difficult . Newcastle like they 'll it but they a big , powerful club who can on to a lot of their top players . I not sure we 'd able to that . \" If we down , it to tough to back . \" Swansea to the Premier League in 2011 and quickly a reputation as a well-run club with a team that exciting , possession-based football . Their promotion a remarkable rise from the brink of bankruptcy a decade earlier and almost out of the Football League altogether in 2003 . Curtis - a former player who at the club throughout their rise up the divisions - the Swans not the same since Michael Laudrup in 2014 . \" I we [ our way ] . It just the change of management all the time ,\" Curtis . \" The best eras Roberto Martinez , Brendan Rodgers and Michael Laudrup . But we probably a bit of the ' Swansea Way ' . It . \" We quite a few players too but we adequately them ? \" Media playback not on this device Curtis the current Swansea squad good enough to up , and the 62-year-old every new signing of how far the club . \" I a lot of the foreign boys [ the documentary ] Jack to a King . So they a brief history of where we and where we now ,\" he . \" They might not 100 % passionate about it but they where we from and how important it [ to up ] . Not just for the club but for the whole area . \"", "Data that the total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance up 12 % on the previous year 's figures . Graduates their debt once their income \u00a3 21,000 but after 30 years outstanding debt off . For those loans in 2017 the average sum at the start of repayment \u00a3 19,280 . That with \u00a3 32,220 for English students , \u00a3 20,990 for Northern Irish students and \u00a3 11,740 for Scottish students who not fees if they in Scotland . The figures from the Student Loans Company and 2016 / 17 . Welsh students able to a grant towards their tuition fees since 2012-13 - a sum of \u00a3 4,954 in 2017-18 . But the grants due to from 2018-19 with help for maintenance costs instead , under plans last year . At the end of 2016-17 there 304,900 borrowers of higher education student loans in Wales , with 191,100 liable for repayment . As of the end of April 2017 there 41,430 borrowers who fully , to 16.4 % of the overall total . The data Welsh domiciled students in higher education in the UK and EU students in Wales .", "The unnamed man at Turin Airport a pilot 's uniform and ID cards , police . He with air transport security and impersonation . The suspect police to a garage neatly white shirts with epaulets , black trousers and jackets , like those by pilots . No motive for the man 's actions immediately . Police he as \" third pilot \" in the cockpit of an Air Dolomiti plane which from Munich to Turin in April . He not the controls , however . Air Dolomiti part of the German airline Lufthansa , which no details when by the Associated Press news agency but he could not the plane without a ticket . Investigators now to if the man on other planes . Police long the suspect , who allegedly a fake identity as a Lufthansa pilot Andrea Sirlo , complete with a Facebook page which fake flight attendant friends . They they several months ago after he himself as a captain to a civil aviation lieutenant , who suspicious because he too young for the job . Police him down from photos on his Facebook profile , in which he apparently in uniform and sunglasses in front of planes . Officers him in a bar outside Turin Airport 's check-in area , in a pilot 's uniform with no company logo on it , and coffee . In the garage , officers also fake IDs and fake flight theory manuals , the Italian news agency Ansa . \" On at least one occasion in 2012 , to a pilot of a foreign commercial airline , and with a fake name , he in as the third pilot in the cockpit ,\" police in a statement . to Ansa , a flight place on 6 April . In addition , a profile on a website where users can their flights also a \" Pilot Andrea Sirlo \" from Munich Airport to Turin on 23 October last year . The case echoes of the 2002 Hollywood film Me If You Can , in which Leonardo Di Caprio Frank Abagnale , a real-life con-man who as a fake Pan American pilot in the 1960s . Sirlo the name of a flight corridor over Turin .", "The UK must further to those English \" so they can more integrated into our country \" . about the issue at Prime Minister 's Questions , Mr Cameron the last government progress on the issue , but more to . He parents should responsible for sure children English . Conservative MP for Keighley Kris Hopkins if the PM that there \" a responsibility and an obligation \" on parents to sure their children can English when they school . Mr Cameron : \" I completely ... in too many cases this n't . \" Since last autumn , people from outside the EU for a visa to their spouse or partner now to they a basic command of English before their application . Previously , visa applicants to only that their marriage or partnership genuine and that they could financially themselves . The prime minister the Commons : \" The last government some progress on sure people English when they to our country , I we to further . \" If you at the figures for the number of people who over as husbands and wives , particularly from the Indian sub-continent , we should in place - and we will in place - tougher rules to sure they English and so when they , if they , they can more integrated into our country . \" The weekly session of Prime Minister 's Questions by foreign affairs with Labour leader Ed Miliband all his six questions on events in Egypt and the UK 's mission in Afghanistan . Mr Miliband , who Afghanistan for the first time as Labour leader last week , an extended tribute to soldiers' work there , the difference in the Commons session from the normal political point scoring . Mr Cameron the opportunity to a \" serious conversation \" about the work of British soldiers in Afghanistan , they politicians to their efforts , although he also many MPs often \" a bunfight \" about domestic issues .", "The Joseph Rowntree Foundation the number of children in families in poverty by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013 . Chief executive Julia Unwin action to pensioners by a \" worrying rise \" in people to \" ends meet \" . The UK government its plan for a national living wage would people . \" Work the best route out of poverty and employment in Wales at record levels ,\" a spokesman . A Welsh government spokesman : \" Despite recent improvements to the Welsh economy , we , however , in-work poverty a issue and hard to low-income households and more well-paid jobs for the Welsh economy . \" We more adults full-time employment , second-earners into work and also people 's skills to them to in the workplace . \" People as in poverty if their household or less than 60 % of the national average income of around \u00c2 \u00a3 450 a week , for family size .", "Correspondents the atmosphere at schools subdued and many pupils not . They parents by surprise by the government 's decision to schools with only four days' notice and many not . More than 8,400 people in West Africa in the world 's worst outbreak of the Ebola virus . The reopening of schools in Guinea four days after the UN the number of Ebola cases in the country to its lowest weekly total since August . At one school in the Guinean capital , Conakry , only about 220 of the approximately 2,000 pupils to . Of the 36 teachers , more than half back at work . Many schools health precautions , hand-washing and temperature checks . Ebola a severe impact not only on public health but also on the Guinean economy . Unemployment and underemployment , many parents with difficulties school-related expenses at the beginning of a new academic year . Schools closed in Sierra Leone and Liberia , the two other countries hard by the Ebola outbreak . Earlier this month , the outgoing head of the UN team Ebola , Anthony Banbury , he cases of the virus would down to zero by the end of 2015 .", "Seventeen-year-old Sylvia Fleming pregnant when she in Omagh in 1998 by Stephen Scott . He to life , but part in a pre-release scheme . The prison service the Victim Information Scheme ( PRVIS ) victims an opportunity to and information about prisoners . Miss Fleming missing in April 1998 . Her body parts under the foundations of a partially-built house eight weeks later . Scott in 2000 , the judge him as \" thoroughly evil \" . He : \" The manner in which her body of after her murder surely the most gruesome . \" I satisfied that you , Scott , not only deliberately this young girl but that you that killing and it out in circumstances so squalid that they would any right-thinking person . \" Her sister , Josie Fleming , BBC Radio Foyle she by someone who the killer a fence . \" Even though we the time we angry and fearful ,\" she . \" They to us when he due for his official release - it important for us to when this evil person will free to the streets . \" Miss Fleming she Scott \" capable of anything \" and should never . \" He her into his flat , he her up in a bed and a blindfold over her eyes and her mouth with tape ,\" Ms Fleming . \" He her with insulin and when she away he her in the attic and then her down and her in the bath to her up . \" \" You never can to terms with what , we to with it but we 'll never , ever over it . \" In a statement , the prison service those who with the Victim Information Scheme will details about a person of a crime against them . They will details about any temporary release a prisoner , the month and year in which a prisoner to , any conditions of the prisoner 's release and any breaches of those conditions which in the prisoner 's return to custody . In the case of life-sentence prisoners , the victim can information about the minimum number of years the life prisoner must , when the life prisoner for release and the opportunity to views when the prisoner for final release .", "The Aberdeenshire-based company there an \" unprecedented response \" to its Equity for Punks USA crowdfunding initiative . BrewDog to up to $ 50m within six months to expansion in North America . Plans a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus , Ohio . It to later this year . Shares in the funding round $ 47.50 each , with a minimum investment of $ 95 . to BrewDog , more than 1,200 people already up to the scheme . On its website , the company : \" This unprecedented response to our first crowdfunding round in the States the demand for our beer in America , and us up with a community of like-minded individuals ready and to us our US business an explosive success . \" Its Equity for Punks USA investment scheme the fifth fundraising venture by the brewery , and its first in the US . The Ellon-based company more than \u00a3 26m since its first Equity for Punks crowdfunding round in 2009 . Its last UK round \u00a3 19m to growth plans , its brewery in Ellon and new bars . The round , which in April , short of its \u00a3 25m target . BrewDog 's British business now more than 600 people globally and exports to 55 countries . It also more than 40 bars in the UK and overseas .", "Unions backing for strike action after the firm the final salary scheme , which Tata a \u00c2 \u00a3 2bn deficit . Workers now to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it open . A national strike for 22 June talks at the arbitration service Acas . Neither the unions nor Tata any details of the changes . In a statement Tata Steel the new proposal \" a fair and balanced solution \" . The firm ; \" The new arrangements , the modifications to scheme benefits , will a significant proportion of the pension scheme 's deficit . \" Other actions to with the pension Trustee will the balance . \" Roy Rickhuss , general secretary of Community , one of the four unions in the dispute , the UK steel industry still \" challenges \" . \" It apparent during this dispute that the company not to the concerns of its workforce , which to a serious breakdown in trust and confidence ,\" he . \" All unions already a dialogue with the company to these issues . \" Tata Steel more than 17,000 people in its UK operation . It sites in Corby , Hartlepool , Rotherham , Scunthorpe , Teesside and York as well as plants in Port Talbot , Newport , Flintshire and Carmarthenshire .", "The German investment firm , JAB Holding will a 78 % premium to Friday 's closing price to the company . JAB $ 92 a share . While more than Friday 's price , it a discount to the $ 157 share price high the company in November 2014 . The deal will JAB the biggest player in the North American single-serve coffee pod market . \" Keurig Green Mountain a major step forward in the creation of our global coffee platform ,\" JAB chairman Bart Becht , in a statement . JAB heavily in the US coffee market . It Caribou Coffee Co and Peet 's Coffee & Tea in 2012 and a joint venture between coffeemakers DE Master Blenders and Mondelez International in July . Keurig will to as an independent company after the purchase . Coca-Cola - Keurig 's biggest investors - its support for the deal in a statement . Coca-Cola will a 17.4 % stake in the new private company . \" We a strong partnership with Keurig Green Mountain , and will our collaboration with JAB in order to on the growth opportunities in the single-serve , pod-based segment of the cold beverage industry ,\" Muhtar Kent , Coca-Cola 's chief executive . Despite the higher cost of a single-serve coffee pod to a cup of filter coffee , the popularity of the machines to globally . to Euromonitor International over the next three to five years , sales of single serve coffee pods to by 5 % in the US , 10 % in Canada and 8 % in Mexico . The research firm the coffee pod business already for 40 % of the $ 15bn global coffee market . The business not without its critics . The plastic pods for the amount of waste in landfills In March the creator of the K-cups , John Sylvan , The Atlantic magazine he not the machine and their cost and impact on the environment . \" I bad sometimes that I ever it ,\" Sylvan the magazine .", "In a bid to password security , Strathclyde University a poster : \" Jennifer Lawrence she 'd a StR0nG _ Pas5w0Rd %.\" The image criticism on social media , with the Glasgow-based university of \" victim blaming \" . The university the poster and should not . An image of the poster on Monday by Billy McCauley who : \" Pretty shocking victim here . Will you it down ? \" A short time later , Strathclyde University : \" The posters now . They should not and we into how this . \" A spokesman for the university later : \" The posters in bad taste and now from campus . The sentiment not consistent with the values of this university . \" Dozens of private pictures of Hunger Games actress Lawrence on the internet in September . Other celebrities in the leaks Rihanna , Kate Upton , Selena Gomez and Kim Kardashian . It the photos off the stars' iCloud accounts and on other websites .", "The victim , by police as Ali Nasrollahi , 22 , in Barnet on Tuesday afternoon . Mr Nasrollahi , who at the junction of Woodside Grange Road and Grangeway , by paramedics for a single stab wound but soon after at hospital . Police a murder inquiry and for witnesses to forward . No arrests . Det Insp Julie Willats : \" We that the victim to Woodside Grange Road with one of his friends and up with another friend , who also there . \" At some stage , the victim with a group of up to four suspects , during that interaction we he . \" The group of suspects then off down Grangeway and into an alleyway that on to Woodside Avenue . \" The victim 's friend Mohamed Musalam : \" I shocked ... I to 10 people to because it just unreal . \" He n't it at all , he n't that sort of a person where he around with the wrong crowd or anything like that . \" He a happy guy , the sort of guy that into a group and everyone . I heartbroken . \" Officers out a forensic search in the area .", "Chiefs , third in the Premiership , only four players in squads for this year 's Six Nations . That to the seven players up from each of leaders Wasps , Saracens and fourth-placed Bath 's squads . if that a surprise , Baxter : \" not particularly \" . \" You to that although we the end of the season very well and we guys away on Saxons duty and other internationals , we actually n't this season very well ,\" he BBC Radio Devon . \" We n't either as a team or individually at the intensity that you to to an international selection . \" I Luke Cowan-Dickie close now , you can the level of his performances the last month or so fantastic , and I Henry [ Slade ] very close . \" But overall if we to our players into the international setups we to at a very high intensity and as individuals they to at a very high intensity . \"", "Penglais Farm will a total of 1,000 rooms , but only 700 will ready this month to students . The university developer Balfour Beatty the 300 rooms will ready during the 2015-16 academic year . Balfour Beatty to . The unfinished rooms not to students .", "Paw Patrol 's Skye and Marshall not at a Christmas lights switch on in Londonderry on Thursday night . Derry City and Strabane District Council since . Broadcaster Nickelodeon they not \" or \" the use of the characters at the event . Nickleodeon 's Paul Hamilton there no official PAW Patrol appearances anywhere in the UK or Ireland at present . The character 's appearance prominently on pre-event promotion . Derry City and Strabane District Council marketing officer Jacqueline Whoriskey every effort to Skye and Marshall , and that the council \" sorry to people \" . She : \" We very late in the day by the official licensee in America to that the company we not the appropriate licences . \" We our best to it in time - unfortunately it n't out - and really , really disappointed \" . Strabane 's Christmas lights will on on Saturday but Skye and Marshall will not there . They due to top billing with Santa Claus . Despite the PAW Patrol no show , thousands in Londonderry 's Guildhall Square and Waterloo Street for Thursday night 's switch on .", "The ex-Villa player and Nottingham Forest boss , 51 , his role as Chris Hughton 's number two prior to Friday 's 1-1 draw between the two sides . \" When I Colin interested he to the top of the pile ,\" Villa boss Steve Bruce the club website . \" We two or three people but once I Colin available there only one person I here . \" The move to the West Midlands Calderwood , who also previously Hibernian and Northampton Town , a shorter daily commuting distance from his Northampton home . Media playback not on this device A Brighton statement on Friday Calderwood , who on gardening leave on 12 November , the club for a job \" elsewhere \" . \" We to on ,\" Hughton . \" We a team that very well at this moment . My main concern that we no disruption here . I will long and hard about someone in that position . \" Bruce over as Villa boss on 12 October , in former Birmingham City player Stephen Clemence as head coach , him as part of his backroom team at Sunderland and Hull City . The club also Ian Atkins as their new chief scout / head of European recruitment . Villa director of football Steve Round : \" We delighted to the services of Colin . He an excellent coach and an outstanding person . \" He a wealth of experience at the highest level and will a great addition to our management team . \" to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "Media playback not on this device The team second but the final handover between Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili , 18 , not in time . Gemili : \" Maybe I early or too hard . It disappointing as we could in contention in the final . \" \" It like Gemili a little bit early . There could a situation where Adam just so amped up and excited by this crowd , this moment and this opportunity that he a little bit faster than the mark for . \" Favourites Jamaica Usain Bolt but still heat one , while , in the second , the United States the fastest overall qualification time . Britain , who this event at the 2004 Games in Athens , in Beijing four years ago and now a mess of baton changes in five of the last six major championships . Talbot : \" I n't what . I just could n't Adam . I really gutted and it devastating . \" Christian Malcolm , who the first leg for Britain , the outcome as \" unfortunate \" . He : \" It one of those things that but it a fantastic performance to the time we . Daniel in at the last moment . This a big stadium and it can overwhelming . \"", "A 38-year-old man , who a back seat car passenger , in a critical but stable condition in hospital the B9080 crash at about 22:15 on Wednesday . The passenger serious stomach and abdomen injuries . The Vauxhall Zafira south when it with a First bus between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The driver of the car , a 58-year-old man , spinal injuries and a ankle . The front seat passenger , a 34-year-old man , injuries to his face and leg . All to hospital . Three of the bus passengers in hospital for minor injuries . They all since . Police the driver and six other passengers on the single-decker bus at the scene . The bus 26 people on board . A First Bluebird spokeswoman : \" We can that one of our Service 38 vehicles in a collision yesterday at around 22:15 between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The bus to Falkirk from Edinburgh . \" Unfortunately the incident in a number of injuries and our thoughts with the at this time . \" We an investigation to exactly what and Police Scotland with their inquiries . \"", "Mohammed Anwar , from Thornliebank , underneath the forklift when it to a kerb , it to . The incident at about 10:30 on Friday as Mr Anwar along Glenburn Road in East Kilbride . Emergency services but he at the scene . There no other vehicles . Police Scotland there several people around at the time of the crash and officers to people who in the area at the time to them .", "Adams will her professional debut in Manchester on Saturday when she Argentina 's Virginia Carcamo . \" Virgil a lot of knowledge and one thing I about him he how to an Olympic champion and them into a pro ,\" Adams , 34 . \" He it with Andre [ Ward ] and he capable of the same with me . \" American Ward , 33 , from gold at the 2004 Olympics to a two-weight world champion and unbeaten in 31 fights . Adams alongside the likes of IBF , WBA and WBO light-heavyweight champion Ward as she for her fight , and so \" me a bit in awe , to honest \" . She : \" Like every fighter , my ultimate goal to a show in Las Vegas and with the way the sport at the moment I no reason why I ca n't there . \" Other female boxers like Claressa Shields and Katie Taylor women 's professional boxing on the map and now that I them it can only the bar again . \"", "Media playback unsupported on your device 26 October 2014 Last at 00:31 BST She her first solo album Malagasy Blues Song in 2013 , but she a long career behind her . She from a musical family of 15 children , and in this performance for the BBC 's Africa Beats series , she by her brothers , Pata and Dozzy Njava , and her cousin Christian Ravalison , all of whom respected musicians in Belgium , where they now . Lala Njava passionately by the issues her native land , especially deforestation , and a portion of the revenues from her CD sales to a tree planting project . More from Africa Beats", "The team at King 's College London smokers more likely to the disorder and at a younger age . in the Lancet Psychiatry , their analysis of 61 separate studies nicotine in cigarette smoke may the brain . Experts it a \" pretty strong case \" but more research . Smoking long with psychosis , but it often that schizophrenia patients more likely to because they cigarettes as a form of self-medication to the distress of voices or hallucinations . The team at King 's at data 14,555 smokers and 273,162 non-smokers . It : The argument that if there a higher rate of smoking before schizophrenia , then smoking not simply a case of self-medication . Dr James MacCabe , from the Institute of Psychiatry , Psychology and Neuroscience at King 's , : \" It very difficult to causation [ with this style of study ] , what we that this really our eyes to the possibility that tobacco could a causative agent in psychosis , and we this will then to other research and clinical trials that would to firmer evidence . \" Clearly most smokers not schizophrenia , but the researchers it the risk . The overall incidence of the condition one in every 100 people normally , which may to two per 100 by smoking . The researchers nicotine levels of the brain chemical dopamine , which already in the psychosis . Prof Michael Owen , the director of the Institute of Psychological Medicine at Cardiff University , the researchers a \" pretty strong case \" that smoking may the risk of schizophrenia . \" The fact that it very hard to causation without a randomised trial , but there plenty of good reasons already for public health measures very energetically at the mentally ill . \" The charity Rethink Mental Illness : \" We that 42 % of all cigarettes in England by people with mental health problems , and so any new findings about the link between smoking and psychosis a potential worry . \" However , longer-term studies to fully this potential link . \"", "Two crews and a hovercraft from Weston-super-Mare just after midnight to two adults and the children from Uphill beach . The police and ambulance service also , the fire service . Avon Fire and Rescue people not to or on the beach in the dark due to the tides .", "Lewis , 19 , a three-year contract with the English Premier League club on Friday , three FA Cup games for them last season . Manager Ray McKinnon also a contract to Deniz Mehmet his departure from Port Vale . Hibernian midfielder Sam Stanton also the move to United on a one-year loan deal . The arrivals with Cammy Bell , last season 's first-choice goalkeeper , possibly Tannadice to to Kilmarnock . Bell , 30 , to keen on a move to the Scottish Premiership club . McKinnon of Lewis : \" I him to for the starting position . \" Harry here as one of the top young prospects in English football . \" It so much about his ambition and desire that he to up to Scotland to first-team involvement . \" It a coup for us to him to Tannadice and I positive we will much more about him during his career . \" Lewis , who England at youth level , Southampton from hometown club Shrewsbury Town in 2015 , to for starts with the Scottish Championship club . \" I excited at the prospect of in first-team football ,\" he United 's website . \" I I a team that will challenging at the top of the league and to my part in the club the title . \" Stanton United 's ninth summer signing and their fourth of the week . The 24-year-old Mehmet to Scottish football after with Falkirk before Port Vale in January . Dutch midfielder Jordie Briels also on a one-year contract after the 25-year-old Fortuna Sittard in his homeland .", "Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board ( BCUHB ) \u00a3 20,000 towards the Lap of Wales Challenge . But the Wales Audit Office the board its own rules and regulations in the funding . Board officials they would from the experience after auditors a lack of transparency and poorly-managed conflicts of interest . Auditors also the health board to procurement rules when suppliers for the event . The Lap of Wales Challenge by Cerddwn Ymlaen under the leadership of its national organiser Eryl Vaughan and by the Welsh opera singer Rhys Meirion . The event more than \u00a3 150,000 to and the surplus \u00a3 1,368 . The challenge a number of Welsh celebrities a week-long journey through Wales in July 2015 to awareness of the Welsh Government 's changes to the organ donation law . It in aid of Cronfa Elen . The fund up by Mr Meirion in memory of his sister who in 2012 , and within BCUHB 's own official charity , Awyr Las / Blue Sky in 2014 . The health board \u00a3 20,000 towards the event , with another \u00a3 20,000 from Cardiff and Vale Health Board and \u00a3 45,000 from the Welsh Government . The report \u00a3 10,000 of BCUHB 's contribution as a loan , but the paperwork not by the health board 's financial team . Despite that , the funds . Cerddwn Ymlaen it not aware it a loan rather than a grant and would not to it , it . To the Lap of Wales project not in deficit , Cerddwn Ymlaen additional fundraising to the \u00a3 154,054 cost of the challenge . Concerns also about a breach of the health board 's financial regulations in relation to the challenge . A spokesperson for BCUHB : \" The health board very keen to from this experience which why it the Wales Audit Office to out this review , as we that to the objectives of the charity , it important to with external bodies . \" Such arrangements by trust , common objectives and mutual cooperation but misunderstandings can . \" Officials a new protocol would a robust governance framework for future projects and all arrangements to .", "The incident on Morningside Road , near to Jordan Lane , at about 11:45 on Sunday . A local diversion in place at Comiston Road and Churchill Place , the incident . Police Scotland to anyone who may the elderly woman , or the bin lorry , before the incident . Sgt Andrew Miller , of the road policing unit , : \" The woman with a walking aid , similar to a zimmer frame , and we hopeful anyone who might her will forward with relevant information . \"", "The John Deere tractor over by officers in the village of Ripley and two other males on board . The vehicle in nearby Harrogate at about 05:00 GMT with no headlights on . Police the driver no licence , not and not permission from the tractor 's owner . The vehicle , with the three due to by officers . on Twitter , Insp Chris Galley : \" A strange end to a night shift . 15-year-old lad a tractor as a taxi for his drunk mates . \"", "Anh Nhu Nguyen , 52 , of Beckenham , south-east London , of charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council by as a victim of the fire for nearly two weeks . He not guilty to both counts at Southwark Crown Court on Friday . He in custody and his trial due to place in December . Westminster Magistrates' Court last month that Mr Nguyen he in the North Kensington block , and that his wife and son in the blaze . The court also he a hotel room , clothing , food , electrical items and cash after he to the Westway Sports Centre , where he allegedly to all his possessions , The centre up as one of the focal points for the local relief effort . The tower block fire on 14 June at least 80 people and hundreds homeless .", "Robert Fidler the house in Salfords , in the Surrey greenbelt , in 2000 and it behind hay bales . He Mr Justice Dove at London 's High Court that his \" beautiful home \" now \" carefully \" . \" Hopefully , it will on another site with full planning permission ,\" he . At a previous hearing , Mr Fidler , 66 , to down his home by 6 June or jail . On Monday , Stephen Whale , counsel for Reigate and Banstead Borough Council , the judge that Mr Fidler \" very good progress in terms of with the requirements of the enforcement notices \" , but that he not \" fully with the requirements \" . The house \" very largely \" , he , but there \" still more to \" , the land to its former agricultural use . He the \" technical legal position \" that Mr Fidler in contempt of court , but the parties for the matter to for a month to him \" an opportunity completely to \" . himself , Mr Fidler : \" I no law . I after my family . I in good faith . I a citizen . \" He the four bedroom castle as a \" work of art lawfully \" , but he would \" fully \" with the council enforcement notices . Mr Justice Dove the case until 4 July , but he it would not necessary for it to to court . Mr Fidler him : \" I you we will not to back . \" At the end of the hearing , he to the judge : \" When I my house , I you to and it . \"", "The \u00a3 570m project to the Chilwell and Clifton lines in March 2012 . The first public trams at 06:00 BST . Despite criticism for disruption to businesses and commuters , Nottingham City Council the service will the local economy . Delays initially on unexpected numbers of pipes and cables to , and then on work to part of the track bed . \u00a3 570m Initial budget 28 new stations 11 miles of new track 22 new trams 20 million passenger capacity Contractor Vinci the problems to a \u00a3 165m loss for its civil engineering division . Jane Urquhart , who responsibility for operation company NET at Nottingham City Council , it a \" really great day \" for the city . \" With trams from every seven minutes , it all to easier access to key locations right across the city ,\" she . \" The tram the backbone to the city 's transport network , all the efforts to congestion , the environment and Nottingham an even better place to , or . \" NET and the city council calls to a date for the new lines but final testing in recent weeks . Steve Barber , vice president of the Light Rail Transit Association and former Broxtowe borough councillor : \" We very relieved , as , I , a lot of people in Beeston . \" It a quite difficult ride over the past few years while construction at its worst ... and it to wonders for the town and the city . \" Stephen Knight , a butcher in Clifton , : \" We optimistic . It disruption , normal trade by a third but the workers . \" Now we will if the public back - but there still a lot of parking restrictions outside . \" Lisa Withers , a nearby florist , : \" I really pleased to on the first tram from Clifton - and the one from Toton fantastic . \" It a really great day for the city and I we will now some real regeneration and the tram Nottingham forward for people who here and who here and people who to . \"", "Builders on the BBC programme while with the project in West Bromwich . Show bosses three vans in the past week . Volunteers the family home of a mother who from cancer . Presenter Nick Knowles on Wednesday to he \" really disappointed \" by the thefts . The programme the home of Sandra Chambers , who after her two grandchildren since the death of their mother Crystal in October 2015 . more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here Show bosses two vans - a Peugeot and a Ford - into on Wednesday morning and tools . On Thursday a Mercedes Sprinter also into , but nothing . The thefts to West Midlands Police . End of Twitter post by @ MrNickKnowles Mr Knowles' tweet a local Peugeot dealership to in touch and he later them for their help , as well as another person who \u00c2 \u00a3 30 to repairs . The project to the house by the DIY SOS team and an army of volunteers , local tradespeople and neighbours , in a nine-day build .", "The oil firm revenues in the year 27 % to \u00a3 1.6bn as the price of oil to in 2015 . It the second year in a row the oil company a loss . In 2014 , it a loss of \u00a3 2bn . Tullow also there a risk it could to with its financial covenants this year . Financial covenants agreements that companies with their lenders to a stable financial position . Oil prices by 70 % since the middle of 2014 , with many of the oil majors back investment on exploration and production . That also to the loss of more than 5,000 jobs in the North Sea oil industry . Tullow it could annual capital expenditure to as low as $ 300m in 2017 , down from $ 1.1bn for 2016 , if market conditions not . The firm it headcount of 37 % and on track to cash savings of around $ 500m over three years . It also it would no dividend in 2015 . Tullow Oil chief executive Aidan Heavey : \" Our challenge in 2016 to equally robust in to the uncertainties that in the sector . \" He : \" . As we ahead , we a portfolio of world class , low cost oil assets which will around 100,000 barrels per day in 2017 and a major position in one of the world 's newest , low cost , oil provinces in East Africa , both us to substantial value . \"", "John Johnston , 27 , the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit . He by a CCTV operator the offence and by police in Buccleuch Street . At Dumfries Sheriff Court he to out 100 hours of unpaid work and the driving ban . Johnston , who from Belfast to Dumfries , the offence in September this year . He in homeless accommodation in the town and the roller from Brooms Road . He then it across town in a bid to home from a night out with a friend . \" I just to my way home ,\" he the court at an earlier appearance .", "Lagavulin a single cask edition of 522 bottles of its single malt to funds for local projects . Sales of the \u00a3 1,494 bottles to \u00a3 310,000 to Islay Heritage to a story of the island 's past on its archaeological sites . The Finlaggan Trust , which the historical home of the Lord of the Isles , should also \u00a3 60,000 . The Lagavulin 200 Legacy to further contributions to the local swimming pool , cyber cafe and arts and festival organisations , as well as a new partnership with the RSPB to and peatlands on the island . Nick Morgan , of Lagavulin 's owners Diageo , : \" We a fantastic year the 200th anniversary of Lagavulin , both on Islay and with the hundreds of thousands of people around the world who the whisky . \" Islay and its remarkable local community at the heart of Lagavulin . \" That why we there should a legacy from the anniversary which would directly the island and its people . \" We that our contribution to Islay Heritage not only of great significance to the island itself but an important contribution to and the history and heritage of Scotland . \" Bottles of the Lagavulin 1991 Single Malt Scotch Whisky cask can only through an online ballot on The Whisky Exchange . The first bottle will separately to more charitable funds , and one bottle will to the Diageo Archive and the Whisky Exchange . Steven Mithen , trustee of Islay Heritage and professor of archaeology , : \" Islay Heritage hugely grateful to the Lagavulin 200 Legacy for the support it to further our knowledge about the archaeological sites and monuments on Islay . \" This investment in our heritage will greatly both the local community and visitors to the island . \" While some of Islay 's sites and monuments very well and accessible , others virtually unknown , difficult to and rarely . \" There no doubt many more to which will us more about not only Islay 's story but that of Scotland , Europe and the path of human culture as a whole . \" We delighted that Lagavulin our vision to Islay 's past so that it can and by everyone . \"", "The United Airlines flight UA2081 off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22 but a second emergency a short time later . It a day after the same aircraft to Edinburgh from London Heathrow with a fuel leak problem . There no passengers on the plane . Edinburgh Airport officials there no impact on operations . The plane back at Edinburgh at 15:30 , after the airport for 10 minutes . An United Airlines spokesman : \" United Airlines flight UA2081 from Edinburgh to Chicago today ( July 13 , 2016 ) , which and not any customers , to Edinburgh Airport after take-off because of a mechanical issue . \"", "The 14-year-old from Blackpool on 1 November 2003 . Her body never . Karen Downes she legal action over a 13-year gap in CCTV images of the teenager 's last day alive . Lancashire Police to . She the footage that detectives in 2016 , 13 years after she missing , could the case it available earlier . \" They [ the CCTV ] for 13 years ,\" Mrs Downes . \" It Charlene in the town that afternoon in the same clothes she in . \" If they 'd it before ... who ? \" We all these years not where she . \" She police \" a lesson \" . \" It not about the money . I to the police to their job ,\" she . \" If I money I would something for Charlene like a memorial . \" Charlene in the CCTV with her sister Rebecca on Bank Hey Street towards the Coral Island amusement arcade . She home but to Blackpool town centre later that evening - the last time she . A judge a man of Charlene 's murder in 2008 after \" grave doubts \" about evidence during his second trial . The jury in his first trial to a verdict . In 2009 , the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) police evidence-gathering errors to the retrial 's collapse . The IPCC strategic and tactical failure in the management of the material and several officers , one to in 2011 . But this resignation order by a 2012 Police Arbitration Tribunal .", "The police Mr Bach as a witness , not a suspect . Officers emails from Mr Bach to another senior IOC official Patrick Hickey , who last month and charges . Mr Hickey , ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee , all allegations . Police investigators in Rio the BBC 's Wyre Davies they would to what Mr Bach 's influence over Olympic ticketing policy . They the IOC president personal requests for hundreds of high-value tickets , for the Olympics opening ceremony , the 100m final and the football final from Mr Hickey . Police that Mr Hickey 296 tickets after his request to the IOC president . They not , thus far , any contact with the president 's office to a formal interview . Mr Hickey during the Olympic games and time at the notorious Bangu high security jail along with fellow Irishman Kevin Mallon . He on bail at the end of August but to his passport to the Brazilian authorities and not to the country . A prosecutor charges against him on Tuesday . A judge will now whether to or the charges . Mr Hickey , 71 , formally aside as president of the Olympic Council of Ireland and European Olympic Committees' president during the investigation . Mr Mallon the Dublin-based director of THG Sports , a corporate and sports hospitality company . Mr Bach a planned appearance in Rio this week at the opening of the Paralympic Games , for personal reasons . Mr Bach not to Rio since the Olympics and the opening ceremony of the Paralympics at the Maracana on Wednesday . He would in Germany for the funeral of his friend Walter Scheel , the former West German foreign minister and deputy chancellor , who last month 97 . IOC officials Mr Bach would now not to Brazil after the funeral because he unable to other commitments . The Paralympics until 18 September . The last time an IOC president to a Paralympics in 2010 , when Jacques Rogge the whole of the Winter Games in Vancouver .", "The final member of the family , a male marmoset Gomez , by police on Monday , on a vets' doorstep . A female and a baby on Sunday , and already back at Symbio Wildlife Park , south of Sydney . Two men guilty to charges of with proceeds of crime . Brothers Jesse and Jackson George not to the monkeys from their enclosure , but they with to from the theft . Pygmy marmosets - the world 's smallest monkey species - command up to A $ 5,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 , $ 3,700 ) on the black market . Police the men after a tip-off from the public . A desperate appeal for information by the zoo , amid fears that the baby marmoset would within 48 hours if unable to from its mother . The four-week-old when the Georges' car over at Appin , southwest of Sydney . The female marmoset about 20km ( 12 miles ) away in the Campbelltown area . Australian newspaper The Daily Telegraph the brothers marmoset pictures with a third person via mobile phone , along with messages about how much a monkey could for . \" Ay , out my monkey ,\" the third person , to court documents . \" That mad bro . Wanna it bruh ? \" Jackson George . The baby marmoset now home and well , Symbio Wildlife Park , after they it with its mother . \" Mum the baby straight into her arms and bub immediately to ,\" the zoo in a statement on Facebook . Police they their investigation into the theft . The zoo the marmoset enclosure currently \" to the family privacy \" .", "That to a new report by a senior group of MPs . Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee recruiters should websites like Mumsnet to the proportion of female spies . It more of them in places like MI5 , MI6 and communications spy centre GCHQ . The report women in the intelligence services back by a layer of male , middle managers \" the permafrost \" who a \" very traditional male mentality and outlook \" . Mumsnet chief executive Justine Roberts to the call for recruiters to things like her website but we she n't entirely serious . \" I afraid I unable to as I an urgent appointment with a rock in St. James 's Park . \" While the report 37 % of staff at MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ women , it also out they up less than one in five senior staff . However , things in recent years . Stella Rimington the first female boss of MI5 in 1992 . That three years before actress Judi Dench over as James Bond 's boss , M , in the British film franchise . In response to the report the government : \" We committed to the most talented people and top positions , regardless of gender , ethnicity , sexuality or disability . \" @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad , the Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community ( AMC ) , his \" heartfelt sympathies \" with the victims . He at a Peace Symposium at the Baitul Futuh Mosque in Morden , south London on Saturday . Five people and 50 outside Parliament , last Wednesday . In a message Prime Minister Theresa May the conference , which she \" an annual reminder of your community 's commitment to peace \" . MPs Paul Scully and Siobhan McDonagh among the hundreds who the event at the UK 's largest mosque . The caliph the attack in central London a \" barbaric atrocity \" . \" No matter what terrorists may , under no circumstances indiscriminate acts , or killings ever ,\" he . He that Muslims and non-Muslims \" must up against all forms of oppression , hatred and all our capabilities to and peace in the world . \" Three people in Wednesday 's attack when Khalid Masood his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge , before to death unarmed PC Keith Palmer . Masood then dead by police .", "The 31-year-old publicly she her third child during a concert in May . A statement on her Twitter account on Monday : \" Charlotte and Jonny very sad to that they their baby . Now a time for grieving and together as a family . \" We kindly everyone to that peace . \" The Cardiff-born star and her partner , musician Jonny Powell , together for seven years . She already a mother to nine-year-old Ruby and Dexter , eight , from her previous relationship with Gavin Henson .", "Guy Tomlinson , 37 , by officers when his car a tipper truck in Leicester on 9 March 2016 . David Anger and Christopher Needham , who both passengers in the car , in the crash on Fosse Road South . In addition to the prison term , Tomlinson also a 15-year driving ban at Leicester Crown Court . The collision as \" horrific \" by Leicestershire police . More on this story and other news in Leicestershire Tomlinson previously guilty to two counts of death by dangerous driving , two counts of death by driving while uninsured and two counts of death by driving while unlicensed . Two people in the lorry minor injuries during the crash and damage to a shop on the corner of Upperton Road . Det Sgt Mark Watling : \" This a horrific collision which in the death of two men . \" Prior to the collision Tomlinson at speeds in excess of 64mph ( 102kmph ) and to for a police officer on Narborough Road South . \" He a massive risk that night when he the traffic lights and excessive speed , he will now a considerable amount of time in prison . \" The Independent Police Complaints Commission still the crash .", "Jocelyn McKay now 81 and she \" \" from the feelings that her for so long . \" I may old , but at least I happy ,\" she BBC News NI . \" I n't really until I the operation . \" For years I I in the wrong body and it n't until I 69 that I up the courage to for help . \" It only after a trip to Manchester with some friends , during which Ms McKay as a woman , that she the surgery something she . \" I a cross-dresser , I away as a man and I home as a man , but in between times I a woman ,\" she . But cross-dressing not good enough for her . When Ms McKay from her trip , she her GP , who her to a specialist . She : \" I to the doctor for a range of ailments and he to me : ' God you finally me what wrong . '\" Every week three or four people themselves as transgender to the Regional Gender Identity and Psychosexual Service at Knockbracken in Belfast . They typically contact with the clinic through a GP referral or a drop-in facility every week . 200 people currently by the clinic with 50 more on the waiting list . More than half of them between 18 and 25 . The number of adults to the clinic year on year . The clinic adults with assessment , psychological support and onward referral for hormone replacement therapy and surgery where appropriate . A gender identity panel to strategically at the issues transgender people for the first time at Stormont on Monday . It by the peer support group Focus - The Identity Trust . It politicians from Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in and the Alliance party , as well as a Presbyterian minister , the Reverend Lesley Carroll , and others with a interest in human rights . The Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in minister Megan Fearon the gathering about \" people together , them space to transgender issues and with politicians in a way that not before \" . \" Transgender people still discrimination in nearly every walk of life ,\" she . The panel will trans-phobic hate crime and access to health and education .", "The new world beyond our Solar System , 100 light-years away . It 51 Eridani b and only 20 million years old - very young by astronomical standards . The alien world could us more information about the formation of our Solar System . The find by the Gemini Planet Imager ( GPI ) , which for young planets bright nearby stars . Our own Jupiter the largest planet in the solar system - it so big you could over 1,300 Earths inside it ! It also the fastest planet too , with 1 day only 10 hours - but a year on Jupiter for 12 Earth years . Jupiter n't a solid surface and up of gas , it the name ' gas giant ' . The baby Jupiter the strongest methane gas signature ever on an alien planet . The astronomers also water the GPI 's spectrometer instrument . Scientists that by far away worlds , they can more about how common the structure of our Solar System . Astronomers the gas giants in our Solar System slowly - by up a large core over a few million years and then in a huge amount of hydrogen and other gases to an atmosphere . This as a \" cold-start \" . But the Jupiter-like planets that so far much hotter than scientists . Which could they quickly - as gas collapses to a scorching planet in what as a ' hot-start ' .", "Kitchens , toilets and washing facilities at Tredegar Park with the first demonstration on Saturday , five days before the summit . More than 150 heads of state and ministers will the two-day event at Newport 's Celtic Manor Resort . Police over Rodney Parade sports ground to extra policing . Security for the summit will by 9,500 police officers from 43 UK police forces with 12 miles ( 20km ) of security fencing already in place at keys sites in Cardiff and in Newport . But the million dollar question how many campaigners will on Newport , to Eddie Clarke , of the No Nato Newport group . He one of a core of 100 volunteers from several campaign groups such as the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament ( CND ) , who up the campsite in anticipation of their supporters somewhere to tents while in Newport to their cause in front of world leaders and media . Groups like Stop the War coaches with peace campaigners in from London , Birmingham , Norwich and Newcastle . They also campaigners to from further afield with a Counter Summit on Sunday speakers peace movements in the US and Russia in their bid to \" the drive to war and military spending \" . Newport council it assurances the camp will a \" peaceful encampment \" and will not with the park 's normal activities . A spokesperson : \" Newport City Council to with partner agencies to the situation and the impact of such a camp . \" Gwent Police over Rodney Parade sports ground to the huge security operation already as \" unchartered territory \" by the office in charge . A police spokesperson the South Wales Argus it one of a number of local venues for various activities , officers on and off duty , briefings , and canteen facilities . The Nato security operation budget would up the bill for the facility which the home of the Newport Gwent Dragons , Newport County FC and Newport RFC , the spokesperson .", "The Duchess of Cambridge 's sister civil court action against a \" person or persons unknown \" after her account to . The Sun it the images , which shots of Prince George and Princess Charlotte . A 35-year-old man on suspicion of an offence under the Computer Misuse Act and later . The allegations after private pictures to to the newspaper via encrypted messaging service WhatsApp . The Sun it by someone a pseudonym and for \u00c2 \u00a3 50,000 within 48 hours . Barrister Adam Wolanski , who Miss Middleton 's legal team , she there a \" genuine hack \" . He it a \" flagrant \" and \" criminal \" act which Miss Middleton \" considerable distress \" . Police they the allegations and a 35-year-old man on police bail further inquiries . He at an address in Northamptonshire late on Saturday . In the summer , Miss Middleton and hedge fund manager James Matthews their engagement , with a wedding for next year . Several high-profile figures images from their iCloud accounts , actress Jennifer Lawrence and singer Rihanna . In July , American Edward Majerczyk guilty to a phishing campaign to private pictures and videos from film and TV stars , in what as the \" celebgate \" affair .", "Open-side flanker Sam Underhill out for four months with a shoulder injury . McCusker 133 appearances for Scarlets before to London Irish last season , where he 17 games . The 30-year-old 10 caps and Ospreys initially for Welsh Premiership club Carmarthen Quins his release from Irish . \" With Sam 's injury and one or two others their way back to full fitness who not quite there yet , we that we someone else in to us through this period ,\" Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy . \" We fortunate to someone with Rob 's versatility and experience available and him into the environment with a view to him us for Zebre at home in the opening round of the Pro12 next month . \"", "The convoy through northern Paris on its way to Le Bourget airport late on Sunday evening when it , reports . The gunmen a vehicle the money and documents , later the driver and two others . The convoy to from the Saudi embassy . No-one . The gunmen , reportedly with Kalashnikov rifles , a Mercedes mini-van at 21:15 ( 19:15 GMT ) on the northern ring road , or peripherique , at Porte de la Chapelle , on the edge of Paris . The motorcade , to a Saudi prince , by eight people in two separate vehicles who their guns at the driver of the Mercedes , him to , French media . The men then the vehicle away with the driver and the two other Saudis inside . No shots but the Saudis later . \" In the vehicle there roughly 250,000 euros in cash and official documents from the embassy ,\" police union spokesman Rocco Contento BFM TV news . to Contento , the operation just a few seconds , something that to \" a very organised and especially informed commando unit , who information and accomplices \" . \" As far as I , it very much like it could commandos from eastern Europe , who we about , who often to dirty work . \" The Mercedes to Le Bourget airport with paperwork for the prince , who not , to the prosecutor 's office . Le Bourget often for high-level visitors private jets to Paris . The vehicle eventually and another of the gang 's cars out .", "But they also applicable when you Sara Cox - English rugby union 's only referee at Rio 2016 . After a 92-year absence , rugby union back on the biggest stage sport to , with Sevens tournaments for men and women . \" Everybody the Olympics a great sporting event , no matter what sport you in ,\" Cox , during a break between matches at the European Sevens series event at Sandy Park , the home of Exeter Chiefs . \" To the chance to out there and to the best seat in the house a fantastic opportunity . \" A former player , the 26-year-old Cox to in 2007 after , and nine years later the sole woman to as a match official by the Rugby Football Union . As well as charge of top women 's matches , Cox also men 's games at semi-professional level in National Two South . \" Rugby a game of respect , and it n't who you , you on the pitch and you there to a job . I n't myself any different to my male counterparts ,\" she , when the obligatory ' woman in a man 's world ' question . \" Over the years I a bit of an unknown - there not many of us that active at the moment , and through the ranks we fewer and fewer . \" You there on the pitch to the game and the players n't that , it n't that I a female . \" When you an Olympics-bound athlete what their goals , the answer usually pretty simple - personal best , on the podium , maybe a gold medal - but what about a referee ? \" My goal to far as possible , so if that I the gold medal final , then absolutely fantastic ,\" she . \" It not that much different for us to the athletes . We n't away with a medal , but to in that medal race with the teams what you to . \" I to out there , the experience and as much experience as well - and whatever after that after that . \" There never a woman referee in charge of a Premiership rugby match . If Cox in Rio , who to she will not shoulders with the likes of Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle in years to ? For the latest rugby union news follow @ bbcrugbyunion on Twitter .", "Emergency numbers down and the coastguard all radio and telephone links between the mainland for almost five hours . NHS Shetland earlier anyone medical attention to their way to the hospital in Lerwick . Flights and at Sumburgh Airport . Services shortly before 17:00 . BT the problems by \" rectifiers and fuses \" at the Wideford Hill radio transmitter on Orkney . A spokesman 2,600 telephone customers and 388 broadband customers . A total of eleven flights at Sumburgh and one to Kirkwall . Highlands and Islands Airports Limited passengers to their airlines for further information . Shetland MSP Tavish Scott for an \" urgent investigation \" into why radio communications and telephone links .", "The school 's headmaster the \" expense and luxury \" on parents also a major concern . Beaulieu Convent School in Jersey also to \" worries about alcohol and drug consumption \" at the end of Year 11 event for pupils 15-16 . A former pupil the prom an important milestone and the school of . Chris Beirne , headmaster , the \" significant focus and distraction \" by the prom \" not into the ethos of our school \" . to parents Mr Beirne a letter from an unnamed colleague who the preparations and the event \" not positive , constructive or healthy experiences \" . The colleague : \" The financial strain and the inevitable competition with this another very unwelcome , and sometimes crushing , aspect for many parents . \" The letter from the colleague also to \" alcohol and drug consumption at after-parties \" as \" a considerable concern \" . It the strain of \" to slim , fashionable , perfect skin \" to \" unacceptable pressure \" . Mr Beirne he could no longer \" safely the risk \" with the event . The independent Catholic school it would to Year 13 leavers a celebratory mass with their families by a drinks reception at the school . The \u00c2 \u00a3 5,400-a-year convent around 760 students aged 4-18 . Former pupil Hannah Hosegood , 20 , her prom \" a first taste of maturity \" and the school should individual pupils if they concerns about drugs or alcohol . She : \" It really upsetting those girls wo n't able to an event you a fair amount of time forward to and for the rest of your life . \"", "Professional Darts Corporation chief executive Porter the same role with the O 's under Barry Hearn in 2006 . The 37-year-old the National League side in October 2014 , Francesco Becchetti 's takeover . \" This a time for us to to the future and there a great buzz around the place ,\" he the club website . \" Everyone how difficult things and that cloud now . \"", "\" I n't 100 % sober ,\" she at an event with fellow Justice Antonin Scalia . She she \" could n't the fine wine \" at the dinner which traditionally together some of the court 's justices before the speech . At 81 , Justice Ginsburg the oldest judge on the Supreme Court . She about the incident by the moderator at an event at George Washington University on Thursday evening . Justice Ginsburg repeatedly in her chair as President Barack Obama the joint session of Congress in the House of Representatives on 20 January . \" The audience for the most part awake , but they up and down all the time . And we there as stone-faced , sober judges . But we not . \" At least I n't 100 % sober when we to the State of the Union ,\" she , audience laughter . Justice Ginsburg she to to water after at the speech in past years , but unable to the lure of a \" very fine California wine \" by Justice Anthony Kennedy . \" In the end , the dinner so delicious it wine ,\" she . \" Well , that the first intelligent thing you ,\" Justice Scalia . Former Justice David Souter to her a pinch when he the warning signs in years by , Justice Ginsburg , but the judges beside her this time \" more timid \" .", "Police officers from the North West counter terrorism unit an address on Peakdale Avenue , Crumpsall , Manchester on Friday . The suspect , 26 , the day on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act . Police would not on the nature of the offence but it it \" no threat \" to the community .", "Derbyshire Police the taxi driver might \" crucial \" information . A 17-year-old girl from Evesham with an kidnap of a child in Normanton on 21 September . Police the driver may up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of the kidnap . The two girls both as white and age 17 . One girl shoulder length blonde or brown hair and a dark blue blouse , a long cream coat , black trousers and black high-heeled shoes . The second girl long blonde or brown hair and to about seven months pregnant . The taxi driver or anyone else with information about the case to police .", "Rezgar Zengana as a taxi driver to up his 25-year-old victim in Argyle Street before her at a flat in Cessnock on 10 December 2006 . The 33-year-old Iraqi national after of the attack . Zengana in a most-wanted list of nine UK suspects who to in the Netherlands . The list by the UK charity Crimestoppers and the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) . Dave Allen , from the NCA , : \" Those who they can the Netherlands to capture or illegal activities soon out that it not a safe haven . \"", "Ben Flynn , 24 , the boy to his home in Droylsden , Greater Manchester , with promises to his Playstation and to his bus fare . Police Flynn as a \" dangerous predator \" . At Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court Flynn , of Kings Walk , 13 sex offences two counts of rape and two sexual assaults . He also guilty to three counts of a child to in sexual activity and two counts of a child to a sexual act . Flynn also a breach of sex offence prevention order and one count of a child sexual grooming . He also to the sex offenders register for life . In March last year , Flynn his victim a friend request on Facebook despite never or to him . The boy then with private messages and Flynn to him computer games at his home . When they Flynn the boy and him sexually before to him to his bedroom but the boy . He then his victim , to his victim and on to him on two further occasions . The boy 's sister across Flynn 's messages to her brother and her mother who the police . Det Con Claire Pickavance , of Greater Manchester Police , the paedophile not \" a shred of humanity \" to the boy . She : \" Ben Flynn a dangerous predator who on a young boy via social media before to with him so that he could his own depraved urges . \"", "The European Space Agency astronaut at the space lab on Monday , along with two crewmates from Russia and America . But what exactly will she during her time in space ? The ISS the chance to scientific experiments that cannot on Earth , as the station an environment of microgravity . Here we through a few examples of the experiments on Samantha 's ' to ' list ... Samantha will a gadget an electromagnetic levitator , which can metals to 2,000\u00c2 \u00b0 C and then them very quickly . This will a chance to what to different metals when they from liquid to solid , without the effect of the Earth 's gravity . It the results will more about the physics of the metals and how they . Samantha will new machine technology and how well they in space , such as this astronaut joystick . a joystick in space may very different in space to on Earth . So these experiments will how in space might how well an astronaut can a space robot or space machinery . Another thing that equipment may to to the astronaut so it n't away . The testing will also what impact this . Samantha will lots of experiments to how in space her body . For example , she will 16 sunrises and sunsets every day on the International Space Station and to how this her body clock . Another important subject food and energy . Experiments to how much food an astronaut would for a long mission will out . Samantha will what she and her energy levels over a period of time . Other things that will at how space skin and why many astronauts headaches .", "Nether Edge Green Party councillor , Alison Teal , with a legal notice for her involvement in protests against Sheffield City Council 's tree felling programme . Ms Teal previously for against the tree removals . Charges against her and 13 others earlier this year . More stories from across Yorkshire Sheffield City Council that the removal of street trees in the city lawful and necessary . A \" pre-action protocol letter \" from the council 's legal department to Ms Teal the authority will a High Court injunction to her , and others in \" direct action \" , from part in future protests . The council the process would protesters \" a chance to further and finally their position \" before it legal proceedings on 12 July . Councillor Bryan Lodge , cabinet member for Environment and Street Scene , there months of \" unlawful and costly disruption \" to tree replacement works in Sheffield by a small number of protesters . \" We to the right to peacefully , and the majority of protesters who so peacefully will not ,\" he . \" But there a big difference between this and direct action which deliberately and unlawfully works from out . \" Mr Lodge protesters a letter several weeks ago their actions unlawful . \" Streets Ahead not just about street trees , it about we roads , pavements and a street scene to proud of for many years to ,\" he . \" In addition , it us with a unique opportunity to sustainably , and our diverse street tree stock over a 25 year period . \" The council , despite the letter , works still \" city-wide delays \" .", "It the way for the team to their debut appearance the tournament , which will in Gabon from 14 January to 5 February . After the news , thousands the streets of the capital , Bissau , to the squad parade by on Tuesday . Guinea-Bissau Group A rivals and Gabon in Saturday 's opener . They will also Burkina Faso and Cameroon in the group stage a fairytale qualification - one of the biggest shocks in Nations Cup history . Yet the bonuses that them for qualifying unpaid , to the players on strike at the weekend . It only after a delegation of three players to the country 's president , Jose Mario Vaz , Portuguese news agency Lusa . They since all between 10,000 and 23,000 euros in outstanding fees , Lusa . \" In the early hours of Sunday , the players everything they to ,\" a government spokesman the agency . A charter plane , from Congo-Brazzaville , due to the team to Libreville on Wednesday . The former Portuguese colony frequently by coups , former champions Congo and Zambia in qualifying last year . They a Leicester-like long shot when the qualifiers , previously only four matches in Nations Cup and World Cup qualification since first international competition just 22 years ago .", "At an event in Hove , the prime minister all good schools should able to and his government that right . The Weald of Kent girls' grammar school to an annexe in Sevenoaks . The Department for Education ( DfE ) the plans which the backing of Kent County Council . The law the opening of new grammar schools , but changes by the coalition government in 2012 enlargement of schools . \" I strongly the right of all good schools to . I that very important and that should grammar schools ,\" the prime minister : \" Under this government grammar schools able to and that all to the good . \" Mr Cameron to a question about the the satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks . But he would not on when the government likely to its decision . \" As for the decision that the Department for Education to , they to that [ ] at all the evidence and after proper consultations and the decision in proper time ,\" he . Sevenoaks the only major Kent town that not grammar provision . Bids in 2013 down because the DfE they not with the law . But the current plans forward by Weald of Kent girls' grammar school to the criteria . If , the annexe could the way for more grammars to satellite campuses . General secretary of the National Union of Teachers , Christine Blower , previously the plans for grammar school expansion \" yet another unnecessary distraction \" .", "The disorder at HMP Erlestoke on Saturday when two inmates their cells and staff . No-one and those in the incident by police , the Ministry of Justice . The Prison Officers' Association the issues a lack of regime due to insufficient staffing levels . A Ministry of Justice spokesman \" two separate incidents \" three prisoners \" successfully \" on Saturday . He the prison now \" as normal \" and there \" some minor structural damage \" . He : \" We absolutely clear that prisoners who in this way will and can significantly longer behind bars . \" The Prison Officers' Association ( POA ) order overnight on Saturday but \" both wings and now out of commission \" . The POA spokesman this \" another example of a benchmark process about by savage and unnecessary government cuts that staffing levels to an unsafe level \" . Relatives of inmates also in touch with the BBC prisoners in their cells for three days , without hot food , hot water and no prison officers on some wings . Conservative MP , for Devizes , Claire Perry : \" I saddened to of the disturbances at Erlestoke Prison over the last few days . \" These incidents wholly and utterly unacceptable , and I that these matters to the police to charges against the perpetrators . \"", "Media playback not on this device Root , a winner alongside women 's captain Charlotte Edwards , almost 95 in Test cricket under Moores , who on 9 May . \" A lot of credit for that to to Peter Moores ,\" the 24-year-old . \" Over the past year , he definitely the best out of me - along with the rest of the coaching department . \" Root out of the England team for the final Test of the Ashes whitewash in January 2014 , but after Moores coach for the second time a year ago . The Yorkshire right-hander since 1,135 Test runs . \" When I back from Australia , I a lot of the time out there I to on things I n't too good at - and all my energy into that , rather than more time the stuff I good at ,\" Root \" Peter that - and I things as well . \" Root , player of the year for the men 's side after a vote of cricket media , last week Test vice-captain by new director of cricket Andrew Strauss . \" I delighted , so I straight away ,\" Root . \" I n't things will much - just a bit more responsibility on my part . \" If Alastair Cook to up to me for ideas , I will sure I something to him out . \" As well as as the women 's player of the year , Edwards with a silver cap to her 200th game as England captain against New Zealand in February . In addition to England to four series wins , Edwards more than 75 in one-day internationals and almost 60 in Twenty20s .", "Victory the Shrimpers up to fifth , while Posh only six of their 17 home league games this term . \" If you n't you to there [ to the play-offs ] you never will . My belief wo n't until it mathematically impossible ,\" he . \" We five points off the play-offs . It not a lot with 13 games to . \" He to BBC Radio Cambridgeshire : \" I we just at home , but we to to each other . All I can to the fans after the performance . \" I always the blame when we and I 'll it again now . It down to me why the team . What we to now up like men , our chests out , back on Saturday and a win . \" Two goals from Marc-Antoine Fortune the Shrimpers on their way to victory at the ABAX Stadium , while Tom Nichols the only goal for Posh . However , McCann positive news Gwion Edwards' knee injury , up in Saturday 's defeat by Walsall . \" It 'll seven or eight weeks instead of seven or eight months . We the worst to honest , but we the good news it not too serious . \" He top drawer this season , he a great attitude and he a tough little cookie . \"", "Opponents the development on the site in Hermitage Lane , Allington , will ancient woodland and traffic gridlock . Developer Croudace Homes the number of homes from 600 and efforts to the impact on the woodland of a new road . The public inquiry in Maidstone to until 10 June . Barbara Woodward , from the New Allington Action Group ( NAAG ) , : \" People very upset . This our last piece of green land . \" We our dogs for a walk in the woods , you can them off their leads . If they a road across the woods it will no longer safe . \" She that the inquiry the \" last step \" to the woodland which she on the site since the 14th Century . Councillor Fran Wilson , the Lib Dem leader of the borough council , it would \" inappropriate \" for the authority to at this stage . the public inquiry a recommendation will to the Secretary of State who will a decision on the planning application .", "Temporary repairs to an embankment on the Farnham to Alton line after it on 13 April . A replacement bus timetable in operation since engineers the track at Wrecclesham , Surrey , to after heavy rain . The line due to on 4 May. Network Rail of possible future closures for stabilisation work . A longer term solution to millions of pounds .", "Ben Gerring , 29 , in the water near Mandurah , south of Perth , when the attack on Tuesday afternoon . Western Australia Police Mr Gerring 's injuries too severe to and he on Friday night . On Thursday , a 4.2m ( 14ft ) great white shark near Mandurah , but it not known if this shark to for the attack . \" He right out the back to a big wave , one of the set waves that through during the day ,\" Brian Williams , president of the Mandurah Boardriders Club and friend of the victim , ABC on Tuesday . \" He 'd sort of out the back , sort of past the pack slightly . And next thing all hell loose and they to him in . \" His board in half , they the tail part of his board ,\" Mr Williams . Surf Lifesaving Western Australia reportedly a warning before the attack , after an unknown species of shark in the area .", "It at the Moelfre Lifeboat open day at 16:10 BST on Saturday , with two RNLI vessels him . He then to Ysbyty Gwynedd , Bangor , by a UK Coastguard helicopter , with his condition unknown . North Wales Police the incident and for witnesses . Organisers earlier about safety in the water on its Facebook page , a speed restriction on boats to the event . They : \" From past experience , we to over 100 vessels . \" Some will kayaks with children on board , water safety very important . Many adults and children will in the bay . your eyes please . \" The event , at the RNLI station , to people to the crew and their life-saving work .", "More than 120 old or recent bruises and bones on Keegan Downer 's body , Birmingham Crown Court . Kandyce Downer the 18-month-old , after she at the family home in Birmingham . The child also a \" terrible \" spiral leg fracture which untreated . It the girl \" deformed \" with one leg shorter than the other , the court . Nigel Power QC Keegan also seven recently ribs which would breathing \" very painful \" , and an historic head injury at least several days old at the time she . Forensic testing of the house where the toddler traces of her blood on the cot and bedroom wall . in March 2014 to a heroin-addict mother , the otherwise healthy girl with a foster carer by social services . The child then with 35-year-old Downer as the legal guardian in January 2015 . Keegan in court as a \" healthy and happy baby \" and at Downer 's family home in Beckbury Road , Weoley Castle . She at home shortly before 10am on 5 September 2015 . When paramedics , Downer Keegan down on a sofa and them : \" I n't when she , because I in the bath . \" Downer later paramedics she out and the child alone during that morning . Keegan from a combination of septicaemia , infection , blunt chest trauma and old head injuries . Of Downer , Mr Power : \" We there no other realistic candidate for the many and terrible injuries that to Keegan 's death . \" The trial of Downer , who also or the death of Keegan , .", "Media playback not on this device Bottom side United 's first win in Perth in four years , and Kilmarnock 's draw away to Partick Thistle , the gap between them down to five points . \" It a wonderful effort . With 10 men , that spirit and character there again ,\" the Finn . \" I ca n't the boys enough . They real mental toughness . \" Media playback not on this device Ryan Dow United into a deserved lead midway through the first half . However , Saints back into the match and when Coll Donaldson off for Chris Kane an obvious goal-scoring opportunity , the fans may another damaging day in their bid to automatic relegation . St Johnstone midfielder Murray Davidson the crossbar as the home side for an equaliser but United firm . \" We still a long way to but that a small step towards it ,\" Paatelainen . \" The mood positive . Killie will up points so we to strong . They a quality manager , they fantastic players in every department , but days like this will our chances of survival and that what we on to . \" I really pleased with everybody 's effort . \" Saints manager Tommy Wright frustrated at his team 's lack of bite in the first quarter of the match . \" Up until they we n't well enough , n't enough tackles , n't enough first headers or second headers ,\" he . \" I we a slap in the face with the goal and we much better after that . Probably they well enough overall to the game . \" When you a team something to on to , even with 10 men , it it really difficult . \" Alan Mannus two impressive saves prior to the United goal but he will to Dow 's shot past him . \" I in the build-up to the goal we should better ,\" Wright . \" We too deep and we should with the cross better . He a free contact inside the box . \" Because Alan on the move , it the underside of his body and over the line . \"", "Joe Storey , 27 , Kerri McAuley , 32 , who dead at Southalls Way , Norwich , on 8 January , but manslaughter . Storey high on cocaine when he mother-of-two Ms McAuley after a row about an ex-girlfriend . The jury at Norwich Crown Court less than an hour to Storey guilty . He will on Friday . The court friends a history of domestic violence which Ms McAuley \" disfigured \" and for her life . In her texts Ms McAuley Mr Storey 's behaviour as \" not normal \" . She : \" you not ready to for anyone but yourself \" . \" You to me , you me until I nearly out \" , that if he away \" hopefully you wo n't to prison for me to a pulp \" . Later Mr Storey and Ms McAuley to up again . Pathologist Dr Benjamin Swift in the fatal attack Ms McAuley multiple facial lacerations and one of her ears . Dr Swift some of the injuries by \" blunt force impact \" . Storey , of Murrells Court , Norwich , the pair a turbulent relationship . He he at Ms McAuley 's home when she him about his ex-girlfriend who she back in contact with him . Storey he her five or six times and a phone in his hand at the time but he \" not to her with it \" . Prosecutor Simon Spence Storey like an animal and if \" he 'd a scrap of humanity \" Storey would an ambulance after the attack instead of Ms McAuley to in the flat .", "Barry McGivern , Scott Fryer and Troy Lacey to work at Dereham along the A47 Acle Straight , near Great Yarmouth , Norfolk . They into cold chest-high water to the man from the car and to him . Mr Lacey , 23 , : \" I just glad we could him a fighting chance to his family again . \" The victim in a stable but critical condition at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , police . The men when they what they a car and some people along the road at about 21:00 BST on Saturday . A horn then them to a car upside down in a dyke where they could a man inside , Mr Fryer . The unnamed victim , to in his 40s , by his seatbelt in the car and his head in water . Mr McGivern , 28 , of Great Yarmouth , he the first to the \" cold \" water which chest-high . Mr Lacey , from Martham , their experience as security staff them to calm and they the victim as a paramedic . \" The car that crushed that at one point I n't we would him out , but I to under his legs and them free and Barry the seatbelt ,\" he . \" His pulse slow so I his chest a few times . \" Mr Fryer , also 28 , a fire-fighter at Gorleston , then the victim the kiss-of-life . \" I just pleased we there and we could a fellow human being who in front of us ,\" Mr Lacey .", "The measure a majority of seats to the party that the most votes in an election . It a key element of a package of reforms by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi . The law to Italy 's post-war era of governments , political horse-trading and unstable coalitions . The lower house of parliament final approval to the bill by 334 votes to 61 . The proportional election system 340 out of 630 seats to any party that more than 40 % of the national vote . If no party that threshold , there a second-round run-off between the two parties with the most votes . The electoral reform to into force next year . After the vote , Mr Renzi : \" Commitment , respected . Italy people who n't always no . \" Critics the 40-year-old former mayor of Florence who prime minster last year of to his grip on power . They that the law too much power to single parties , party bosses too much scope to candidates , and voters the chance to directly representatives . Opposition parties Monday 's vote . Renato Brunetta , parliamentary head of centre-right opposition party Forza Italia , afterwards that it \" a very ugly day for our country 's democracy \" . Mr Renzi to further the Italian system by the Senate and it with a body with lesser powers . Currently , legislation often up because identical versions of bills to by both houses .", "The Dow Jones 0.2 % to 19,251.78 , while the wider S & P 500 0.3 % to 2,204.71 , just a new record . The Nasdaq 0.5 % to 5,333.00 . Banking shares strongly , with Wells Fargo up 2.2 % , Bank of America 1.5 % and Goldman up by 1.2 % . Financial shares by over 15 % since the election . President-elect Donald Trump 's plans to corporate tax and regulations to the sector . Meanwhile , analysts the Federal Reserve will interest rates next week , in another boost for banks . Financials in general \" from the feeling that interest rates down and we to a much more favourable interest rate and spread environment for financials ,\" Paul Nolte , portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management . Mr Trump 's announcement that Japanese telecoms and internet firm SoftBank to $ 50bn in the US also markets , with Sprint shares 1.5 % and T-Mobile 1.8 % . Other telecom stocks also . AT & T shares by 1.9 % after the firm its new streaming television service DirectTV Now more subscribers so far than . Verizon shares 1.2 % after the wireless carrier it 29 data centres for $ 3.6bn . Chipotle one of the top fallers on the S & P 500 , 7.6 % , after it sales not as well as . Quarterly sales over the past year since food safety issues to the temporary closure of dozens of Chipotle restaurants across the US .", "The 49-strong team for the event , which will at London Stadium in Stratford from 14-23 July , 10 athletes who gold at Rio 2016 . Two-time Paralympic champion Peacock , 24 , out on the 2015 World Championships through injury and will to the 100m title he in 2013 . Media playback not on this device Britain 31 medals in Doha two years ago , 13 golds , fourth in the medal table . London will the first time the event in the same city and in the same summer as the World Athletics Championships , which from 4-13 August . Six-time world champion David Weir not after from British Athletics a fallout with coach Jenni Banks , and double T11 100m and 200m Paralympic champion Libby Clegg out with an injury . Cox , 26 , who multiple sclerosis , gold medals in track cycling and athletics at Rio 2016 , but her training on athletics this year before her defence of her T37 100m title . Cockroft , 24 , world gold in the T34 100m , 400m and 800m two years ago , a treble she in Rio last year . Whitehead , 40 , can a four-time T42 200m world champion in London , while Jo Butterfield will the opportunity to her club throw titles in the F51 and and Aled Davies his shot title in the F42 . T38 sprinter Sophie Hahn , who cerebral palsy , can her third individual 100m world title , despite only 20 . Paralympic champions Hollie Arnold and Aled Sion Davies among nine athletes from Wales .", "Shortly after the BBC his story the father , Jahangir , a call from Ashraf Ghani him that arrests would . His wife allegedly in Badakhshan province eight years ago . But Jahangir he unable to the rapists because they politically powerful . His wife BBC Persian about the incident . \" I one of them , for God 's sake , I just birth , I like your child , even your daughter older than me ,\" she . \" I a lot , they me all over my head and body ,\" she . \" Their bite marks still on my body until a couple of years ago . \" Analysis : Inayatulhaq Yasini , BBC Pashto The stand by Jahangir and his wife something of a taboo in Afghanistan , where victims of sexual crime generally into silence . Soon after the media up the case , President Ghani with Jahangir and him that \" the case will properly and perpetrators will justice \" . The victim herself the BBC : \" I justice to other women from such a fate . \" In the wake of the publicity , the Afghan government will under pressure to the incident properly and some kind of resolution . But there also hopes that the stand by Jahangir and his wife will other victims of sexual crime , and a lasting affect on how such cases with . Jahangir , a policeman , the BBC eight men after the incident , but six now because of their political connections . He he and his family to to the capital , Kabul , for their lives . He to himself unless that : \" If they not on trial , I 'll to suicide to the tensions I from . There no other way . \" Jahangir public with the threat on Afghan television . He later the country 's interior ministry to his case . While to the BBC the meeting , he a phone call from Mr Ghani . He as they . Mr Ghani in as Afghan president in September , to the issue of corruption as a priority . As well as political corruption , activists violence against women rife in Afghanistan , but rarely much public attention . In one case that national outrage , five Afghan men of gang four women in October .", "18 January 2016 Last at 20:09 GMT Ben Frost , 27 , himself into his girlfriend 's flat in Princetown on Dartmoor on 18 January . He two hours after through the roof , Plymouth magistrates . Unemployed Frost of no address two charges of criminal damage and two of behaviour .", "Trott 175 as Warwickshire 413 at Taunton , by half-centuries from Tim Ambrose ( 63 ) and Rikki Clarke ( 57 ) . Young paceman Grant Thornton then two of the four Somerset wickets to on his Championship debut . But Marcus Trescothick still there at the close on 41 , out of 94-4 . After two badly days . the draw the most likely result . But the Bears , so badly by an innings in their opening two matches , at least themselves a chance of victory , although it would 16 wickets in the day to it - and Trescothick out twice . Bottom club Somerset 's target on day four will simply to the follow-on - and they a further 170 to that . Somerset 's Marcus Trescothick BBC Radio Bristol : \" One of the office staff me around 10 days ago how close I to 25,000 runs and I on it since then . \" I when I in that I 29 away . It a bit tense as I closer . \" It an achievement I proud of but there still a big job for me to in this game . \" It n't a great day for us and we to hard tomorrow to sure we away with a draw . \" Warwickshire 's Jonathan Trott BBC Coventry & Warwickshire : \" It great that Marcus still county cricket and an example to the young players in his dressing room and opposition teams . \" There no chance I will still at 41 . That just silly ! His will a huge wicket for us tomorrow . \" I just past 100 when the new ball so it important I around for longer if we to a decent score . I to in terms of 400 when Rikki Clarke in and so well . \" There a bit of turn because it a pitch . With so much rain , the crustiness longer to , but hopefully Jeetan Patel can them a few problems . \"", "The African nation a first-minute lead , but Grealish quickly . Skipper James Ward-Prowse 's penalty England ahead , before Nathan Redmond 's screamer and another from Grealish them a 4-1 half-time lead . Cauley Woodrow 's shot in by a Guinea defender , with the Fulham forward two more in an easy win . Gareth Southgate 's men the tournament with a 1-0 win over Portugal on Thursday , Chelsea midfielder Lewis Baker the winner . Next they Paraguay on Wednesday , off their group campaign against Japan on Friday . \" We before the game about any team capable of against you ,\" Southgate . \" We in a sloppy manner , so that disappointing . \" Our response good , we composure to our way back into the game . The goal difference might up important . \" But if we games like that against better opposition , it will a struggle to back into it . \" England : Gunn , Stephens , Holding , Hause ( Chambers 54 ) , Targett , Ward-Prowse ( Chalobah 41 ) , Swift , Grimes , Grealish ( Watmore 60 ) , Redmond ( Palmer 54 ) , Woodrow . Subs not : Pickford , Iorfa , Loftus-Cheek , Baker , Chilwell .", "He Universal Music only the band a \" miniscule fraction \" of the money they from downloads on sites like iTunes and Amazon . The musician for compensation , to legal documents in Los Angeles on Wednesday . The claim also on behalf of his sister , Karen , who in 1983 . Carpenter accountants to financial statements from Universal Music and its subsidiary , A & M Records , which The Carpenters' music since their debut album in 1969 . He they multiple errors , and that the labels \" improperly \" revenue from digital downloads of The Carpenters' music as sales of physical records - which a lower royalty rate . He also that digital downloads . In a statement , Carpenter he unable to the dispute without . \" The Carpenters recordings among the best sellers in the history of popular music , and after 48 years to a substantial amount to [ Universal 's ] annual bottom line ,\" he . \" It only fair that these companies fairly to my sister 's estate and to me . \" in radio-friendly soft rock , The Carpenters millions of records in the 1970s . The brother-sister duo three Grammy Awards in 1970 and 1971 , best new artist and best vocal performance for the ballad ( They to ) Close to You . The band 's career short when Karen anorexia nervosa in 1975 . Although they to , the condition eventually to her death , from heart failure . Richard Carpenter 's legal claim one of many in the US after a 2010 court case Eminem , which in a ruling that artists should higher royalty payments for digital downloads than they when a CD or vinyl album . The difference substantial . to Billboard , artists 15 % of the money by the sale of a record . For downloads , which as \" licensed content \" , the figure 50 % . Artists Peter Frampton , Public Enemy , Whitesnake and The Temptations all , or to , in order to the higher rate . Universal Music not immediately available to to the latest case . us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Sayes Court will in size and an additional 210 places by September 2015 . Surrey County Council it to \" a \u00c2 \u00a3 215m funding gap \" for 13,000 places , an \" unprecedented demand \" on its services . It nearby Esher School also completely to capacity by 210 places .", "The 26-year-old midfielder a one-month deal at Fratton Park on Monday and his debut against Coventry in the EFL Cup 24 hours later . \" I n't here just to on the bench ,\" the Congo international BBC Radio Solent . \" I hungry and Portsmouth a top club . \" Linganzi and goalkeeper Liam O'Brien , 24 , both short-term deals . O'Brien for a second spell at Portsmouth , in 2010 . The former England Under-19 international previously for Barnet , Brentford and Dagenham .", "Back-row Henderson a hamstring tear while wing Bowe from a serious knee injury . Rob Herring ( hamstring ) , Paul Marshall and Alan O'Connor ( both illness ) available to Zebre on Friday . Nick Williams ( shoulder ) , Luke Marshall ( ankle ) and Ian Humphreys ( hip / back ) could also against the Italians as Ulster 's injury woes to . The trio doubtful but Sammy Arnold will for up to three weeks because of a \" low grade \" hamstring tear . Dan Tuohy will exploratory surgery on a \" significant \" ankle fracture before a date for his return . Wiehahn Herbst will a further assessment on a toe injury while Willie Faloon to a specialist for a prognosis on a chronic foot injury . The return of Ireland internationals Henderson and Bowe would a massive boost for an Ulster side fourth in the Pro12 standings .", "They unanimously to pub firm Punch Taverns to not The Corn Exchange pub in Crickhowell to into a convenience store . The town only one national chain - Boots chemist - while all other businesses family and independent . Last week 200 people a protest over the plan . The final decision on the application will by Brecon Beacons National Park Authority . Neither the park authority nor Punch Taverns at the meeting .", "Media playback not on this device Blair Alston the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time , an Aaron Muirhead cross into the bottom corner . John Baird his 18th of the season shortly after the break . But Derek Lyle a goal back with a neat turn and finish and Iain Russell 's strike the scores in stoppage time .", "St Clare 's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham with equality leaders at the city council to a complaint from the pupil 's family . The council the school to its policies appropriate . But Muslim Women 's Network UK the school not at fault as young girls not to headscarves . more news for Birmingham and the Black Country The Handsworth school on its website that \" hats or scarves not to in school \" alongside examples a woman in a headscarf . Labour councillor Waseem Zaffar , cabinet member for transparency , openness and equality , the school 's head teacher last week . In a comment on Facebook at the weekend , the school the Equality Act , the councillor : \" I this matter asap with a change of policy . \" Senior education officers from Birmingham City Council will also this matter with the school early next week whilst the head and governors their next action . \" In a council statement , Brigid Jones , cabinet member for children , families and schools , : \" Each school 's body responsible for the creation and implementation of its own uniform policy . \" However , the local authority the school to its policy appropriate , in line with legal requirements , and we with all schools to them of their responsibilities when it to school uniform policies . \" Shaista Gohir , from Muslim Women 's Network UK - which to equality for Muslim women and girls , : \" The school to its uniform policy and schools to mindful and inclusive and cohesive and sure that they n't their duties under the Equality Act . \" But they n't anything wrong because there no Islamic requirement for a four-year-old to a headscarf . \" The school not .", "Alexander Reid repeatedly Department of Work and Pensions staff in application forms and at interviews that he single . But in reality he with his wife Kathleen Reid , despite to . Reid guilty a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . The 59-year-old , from Dundee , a charge under the Social Security Administration Act that he fraudulently employment support allowance and income support \u00a3 39,808 . Defence solicitor John Boyle that Reid jail and a community payback order as an alternative to a prison sentence . Sheriff Tom Hughes Reid : \" Because of the sum of money a custodial sentence the only option . \"", "The initial estimate growth up from the first quarter of the year , when it 0.2 % . The ONS the growth by services , particularly retail , which more than falls in output in the manufacturing and construction sectors . It there a \" notable slowdown \" in growth from last year . However , the figure for the second quarter in line with economists' expectations . Analysts the rise in growth unlikely to expectations that the Bank of England will interest rates at their current record low next week . ONS head of national accounts Darren Morgan : \" The economy a notable slowdown in the first half of this year . \" Film production in the UK , plus box-office receipts from cinemas , one of the best parts of the economy during the period . \" While services such as retail , and film production and distribution some improvement in the second quarter , a weaker performance from construction and manufacturing down overall growth ,\" Mr Morgan . On Monday , the International Monetary Fund its forecast for UK economic growth this year because of the weak first-quarter figure . The IMF it UK GDP to by 1.7 % instead of its previous projection of 2 % . Chancellor Philip Hammond the UK economy now consistently for four-and-a-half years . \" We can proud of that , but we not complacent ,\" he . \" We to on productivity growth to higher wages and living standards for people across the country . \" Labour shadow chancellor John McDonnell : \" Today 's GDP figures weak growth under a weak government , and the last seven years of Tory economic failure . \" Growth for the first half of 2017 below expectations , and it data families with wages not up with prices . \" Aberdeen Asset Management chief economist Lucy O'Carroll : \" This pick-up will as good news , but it really n't to much . \" The figures the first estimate of growth , on very patchy data . They always over time , and often substantially so . \" It the trends that . They n't favourable at the moment , the uncertainties around Brexit and the pressure on household budgets from higher inflation . \"", "Media playback not on this device The Blues boss his side \" almost \" the Premier League title after their 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge them 10 points clear at the top . United possession and more chances than the league leaders . Mourinho : \" We for it to like this . It the game we and . \" Chelsea will champions if they at Arsenal and Leicester in their next two matches , third-placed United with a first-half goal from Eden Hazard . manager Louis van Gaal it his side 's \" best display of the season \" but Mourinho it part of the game plan . \" It difficult , but less than you ,\" he . \" their direct football to Marouane Fellaini and the wingers from crosses on the inside foot . \" When we Wayne Rooney in midfield , we his progression into the box . Control set-pieces and n't away direct free-kicks as they three specialists . \" for a mistake and a goal . We able to their important players . Nobody them . They in our pockets . \" United into the match they to for the first time in five league visits to Chelsea to any realistic hope of the title . But , despite big celebrations at the end of the match , Mourinho careful to out his side not champions yet . \" We not ,\" he . \" Football not about ' ifs' and ' ' , it about mathematics . When it , it , and until that moment we n't . \" The celebration because we one of the biggest clubs in the world . The celebration because they everything to that game and the result because of the work they all week to for this game . \" I we almost there but there no ' almosts' in football . \"", "Older People 's Commissioner for Wales Sarah Rochira will on pensioners and their friends and families to their experiences of residential care . The evidence will to recommendations for care providers and public bodies . It part of Ms Rochira 's review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales . She she would good care but also the impact of poor care upon older people . \" The voices of older people , as well as those who for and about them , at the heart of my work as commissioner , which why I to about their experiences of residential care ,\" she . \" I extensively across Wales , with many older people in residential care , and for myself the positive impact that high quality care can on people 's lives . \" However , I also an amount of correspondence in the past year about the quality of life and care of older people in residential care and I publicly about what I to unacceptable variations across Wales . \" The commissioner will whether older people in residential care a good quality of life by at factors such as physical and psychological health , social relationships and the care home environment . Her team will also to care providers , social care staff and public bodies . \" By a voice to older people and their families , my review and recommendations will that those who accountable for and our services the day-to-day realities of in residential care in Wales and the action to the change to that that older people in residential care the best quality of life ,\" she . The chair of Care Forum Wales , Mario Kreft , his group to and best practice in social care and it the overall aims of the review . \" Our disappointment however - which will by many providers - that the commissioner not a provider expert on the main advisory panel ,\" he . \" As far as we can no-one who in , in , or a care home on the panel . \" In our view , this the opportunity for partnership and to the sector fully into the advisory panel . \"", "Mr Evans the civil service in 2010 and currently deputy permanent secretary to the Welsh Government . He will Ian Jones in the role from October . S4C 's chairman Huw Jones Mr Evans a \" highly respected leader \" . Mr Evans at Ysgol Penweddig , Aberystwyth . He in economics at Swansea University . He director of Business in the Community Wales , from 2008 and 2010 , and a member of the Welsh Language Board from 2005 and 2010 .", "Sakho , who currently on loan at Crystal Palace , positive for the fat burner higenamine in March 2017 and a provisional 30-day suspension . Uefa the case in July . European football 's body \" gaps in communication \" between Wada and two of its laboratories . A Uefa report on Thursday it \" clearly not possible \" for anyone to whether higenamine a substance by Wada 's list . \" The fact that the Cologne laboratory for higenamine but to with Wada before a determination a problem , as the fact that the Lausanne laboratory not for it ,\" it . \" The onus clearly on Wada to to its laboratories what and what not on the list . \" There clearly gaps in communication with regard to higenamine , something which also to the suggestion that Wada 's own internal procedure and analysis in respect of this substance incomplete . \" Sakho , 27 , the substance without Liverpool 's knowledge but it not on the list , which by the report into the case by Uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body . The France international not for Liverpool since positive and to Palace on loan in February .", "If you a picture you would to , please below the images for details on how to yours . If you a picture you 'd to , us at england @ bbc.co.uk , it on Facebook or it to @ BBCEngland . You can also us on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to an image there . When pictures , please sure you the information : Please that whilst we all your pictures , we more likely to those which in the past week . If you a picture , you so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In to England 's Big Picture you to us a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to and otherwise the material in any way that we , and in any media worldwide . It important to , however , that you still the copyright to everything you to England 's Big Picture , and that if your image , we will your name alongside . The BBC cannot that all pictures will and we the right to your comments . At no time should you yourself or others , any unnecessary risks or any laws any kind of media .", "Maj-Gen Yair Golan on the eve of Thursday 's annual Holocaust Day that he trends in Israeli society suggestive of \" nauseating processes \" that in 1930s Nazi Germany . Mr Netanyahu the comments outrageous , the Holocaust and harm to Israel . Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon he \" total confidence \" in Gen Golan . \" If there something that me about Holocaust remembrance it the recognition of the nauseating processes that in Europe in general , and particularly in Germany , back then - 70 , 80 and 90 years ago - and signs of them here among us today in 2016 ,\" the deputy chief of staff on Wednesday . \" There , after all , nothing easier and simpler than the foreigner ... fears and terrifying . \" But Mr Netanyahu Gen Golan 's remarks \" utterly mistaken and unacceptable to me \" . \" The comparison in the words of the deputy chief of staff events which Nazi Germany 80 years ago outrageous ,\" he . \" They injustice to Israeli society and a belittling of the Holocaust . \" Correspondents right-wing members of Mr Netanyahu 's coalition for Gen Golan 's resignation , him of the dead . But Defence Minister Yaalon the criticism an attempt to political harm to the military . \" The attacks against [ Gen Golan ] and the current criticism against him deliberate distortions of interpretation of the things he last night ,\" he . The remarks at a time of tension between Israelis and Palestinians . A wave of stabbing , shooting and car-ramming attacks by Palestinians and Israeli Arabs over the past eight months 29 Israelis dead . More than 200 Palestinians - mostly attackers , Israel - also in that period . There debate and controversy over Israelis' response to the attacks . In March , an Israeli soldier dead a Palestinian . He with manslaughter . There some public sympathy for the soldier but Mr Yaalon the military establishment in him . In October last year , an Eritrean immigrant and to death by an angry crowd after for an Arab militant in the town of Beersheba , concern about mob reactions to people to suspicious .", "In February 2016 ministers funding would at \u00a3 6.7m in 2016-17 , whilst S4C 's remit and funding . MPs ministers to plans to their contribution to \u00a3 6.1m as the review not yet . Culture Minister Matt Hancock secretary of state Karen Bradley the matter . Most of S4C 's \u00a3 80m budget from the licence fee . The Wales Office not the investigation to until the end of 2017 . During a Westminster debate on Wednesday , Mr Hancock the Department of Culture , Media and Sport 's contribution to S4C 's budget currently to to \u00a3 6.1m in 2017-18 . \" We aware of commitments by our predecessor [ ex-Culture Secretary John Whittingdale ] around timing - and this an issue the secretary of state [ Karen Bradley ] currently ,\" he . Ceredigion MP Mark Williams , who the debate on S4C 's future , : \" It absolutely right that a review place to that it the funding necessary to its remit and strategy over the longer term . \" The comprehensive review into S4C in February last year , by the former secretary of state , along with a reversal of a cut , prior to the outcome of the review , welcome . \" But we now in 2017 and still for a review , and there cross-party concern about the delay . \" Mr Hancock there would an announcement about the review \" shortly \" and that it would by someone with \" a thorough understanding of Wales and an interest in the Welsh language \" .", "ScotRail the Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel would from 20 March until 8 August . Services will to low-level platforms or Glasgow Central , timetable changes and in some cases , longer journey times . The work part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 60m upgrade project that will faster and longer trains to the station . Passengers on ScotRail 's main Edinburgh to Glasgow service , via Falkirk High , to via Bathgate and Airdrie . That journey will around 70 minutes . Phil Verster , managing director of the ScotRail Alliance , : \" the tunnel will us to faster , longer , greener trains in the future . \" This will more seats , shorter journey times and less impact on our environment . \" The long-term benefits of this investment will considerable , not just for our railway , but also for the country . \" ScotRail the closure necessary to major engineering work to 1,800m of concrete slab track formation , which the rails through the 918m tunnel . The firm this the largest engineering project on the Edinburgh to Glasgow , via Falkirk High , railway , since it . The project will 140 days of continuous round-the-clock working , the removal of 10,000 tonnes of concrete slab and the installation of 4,000m of new rails . ScotRail now a dedicated webpage to passengers more information about the impact of the project . Transport Minister Derek Mackay : \" This a once in a generation project and one of the most ambitious ever on the Edinburgh-Glasgow route . \" The works will the introduction of a new generation of faster , quieter and greener electric trains on routes across the Central Belt next year . \" Although I that this work will some inconvenience to passengers , the ScotRail Alliance to that services where possible , disruption to a minimum and that passengers well throughout the work . \"", "Media playback not on this device Al Hasawi , who control of the Reds in the summer of 2012 , would not the identity of the buyers . However , BBC Sport that a United States consortium , by millionaire John Jay Moores , on the verge of a \u00a3 50m deal . The takeover would the former San Diego Padres owner an 80 % stake in the Championship club . Moores' consortium previously interested in Premier League side Everton , and the potential new owners club staff last week .", "The IMF 's steering committee , up of 25 of the world 's largest economies , the global outlook fraught because of weak trade and a series of risks a UK exit from the EU . It countries to public spending and deflation . The IMF last week its second cut to global growth forecasts this year . Christine Lagarde , managing director of the IMF , the talks between finance ministers and central bankers in Washington DC as \" collective therapy \" to with the gloomy prospects . But she calmer financial markets since February the nerves at the IMF spring meeting . \" There not exactly the same level of anxiety but I there an equal level of concern , and a collective endeavour to the solution and the responses to the global economic situation ,\" she . The IMF now global growth of 3.2 % this year and 3.5 % in 2017 , previously 3.4 % and 3.6 % respectively . \" Downside risks to the global economic outlook since October , the possibility of a more generalised slowdown and a sudden pull-back of capital flows ,\" the IMF steering committee . It countries' tax policies and public spending should \" as growth-friendly as possible \" . But it also to \" from all forms of protectionism and competitive devaluations \" , amid concerns that some countries their currencies weak to exports .", "Donald Trump , Jeb Bush and Scott Walker will the stage in Cleveland on Thursday night with seven rivals . Fox News the 10 most popular Republicans on five national polls , Mr Perry and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham . Those two and five other candidates will part in an earlier debate . Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum angrily to his omission . \" The idea that they out the runner-up for the 2012 nomination [ Santorum ] , the former four-term governor of Texas [ Perry ] , the governor of Louisiana [ Bobby Jindal ] , the first female Fortune 50 CEO [ Carly Fiorina ] , and the 3-term Senator from South Carolina [ Graham ] due to polling seven months before a single vote cast preposterous ,\" his spokesman . In contrast , Mr Perry that he forward to on Fox at 5pm for \" a serious exchange of ideas and positive solutions to America back on track \" . The main debate place four hours later at 9pm local time ( 01:00 GMT ) . All eyes will on hotel tycoon Mr Trump , who the polls and headlines with outspoken remarks about many of his rivals . A fun guide to the 10 Republican debaters One of the Republican frontrunners , Jeb Bush , in a row with Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton over women 's health funding on Tuesday . The former Florida governor by Mrs Clinton after he a conservative Christian audience he n't sure \" we half a billion dollars for women 's health issues \" . But he later he \" \" after criticism of his remarks . all of the 2016 hopefuls", "The 21-year-old Tigers on loan in February , five appearances , and one of four uncapped players in the England squad for the summer Tests . Genge his senior debut for Bristol in the 2013-14 British and Irish Cup , and six tries in 26 appearances . \" Ellis a big impression in his time on loan with us ,\" Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill . \" He a great young prospect and he to his home at Leicester in his time on loan with us . \" We he to on that first impression and we forward to his development here . \" Genge in the England squad both for Saturday 's Test at home to Wales and the June tour of Australia .", "Stephen Hammond job roles would when the paper system for car tax discs in October . The minister fears about job losses in a letter to Swansea East AM Mike Hedges . Mr Hedges the minister 's response would \" comfort \" to DVLA employees . Concerns over the future of some of the 5,000 workers at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency centre in October after Chancellor George Osborne 's Autumn Statement . The chancellor that the tax disc would with an electronic system in October 2014 . The new system will people to the charge by monthly direct debit . Mr Hedges to Mr Hammond for clarification of the government 's intentions . In his response to Mr Hedges , Mr Hammond : \" It likely that the introduction of a direct debit scheme may there will a natural reduction in the amount of refunds , in addition to the withdrawal of the tax disc . \" This may changes to job roles and the need to on new processes . \" Any reductions in numbers of people for these activities will through to other growth areas of the business . \" Mr Hedges the minister 's assurances . He : \" Whilst disappointed that the changes will the number of job opportunities at the DVLA , I can the advantages of both by monthly direct debits and not to a tax disc . \" I pleased the minister committed to redeployment rather than redundancies and I sure this response will comfort to many concerned DVLA employees . \"", "The England and Wales Cricket Board the move in an attempt to the standard of pitches and Rhodes it already a difference . \" I it ,\" he BBC Hereford and Worcester . \" If you back , there some very poor wickets - maybe this the only way they could it . \" The 51-year-old former England wicketkeeper : \" I , to a certain extent , it . \" There some criticisms about wickets too flat but if you prepared to for a long period of time and , you 'll runs . \" Worcestershire 's two Championship matches so far - which both draws - eight centuries , with five in the match against Gloucestershire and three more in their last game with Essex . England all-rounder Moeen Ali , Joe Clarke , Brett D'Oliveira and Tom Kohler-Cadmore all three figures for the New Road side and Rhodes better pitches will out the best players . \" Too many good players forward defensive shots and out to average bowlers - that what before with the wickets ,\" he . \" Now those bowlers a little bit - which I a good thing . \"", "Newsbeat just the place for them . If the social networking company it way they could in to Facebook Town . The social media company up more than 200 acres of Silicon Valley . to Silicon Valley Business Journal Facebook \" you just ca n't a corporate campus , it to into the community \" . A Facebook Spokesperson Newsbeat : \" This purchase an investment in our future and the future of Menlo Park . a good neighbour extremely important to us . \" We forward to our dialogue with city and community leaders on local priorities in the months and years to . \" In reality it still too early to exactly what Facebook may with the site and whether they will ahead with a full scale giant Facebook town where workers and local people can next to Facebook HQ . No official plans to up and Facebook may not in for a number of years but it the town . It the land near Menlo Park in California and the area 's largest employer for years . More than a quarter of the residents there for Facebook . Building towns for workers nothing new . In the past a soap factory the town of Port Sunlight in the Wirral and Bournville in Birmingham for the chocolate company . Facebook Town may as a way of something back to the area . The company and other computer industries for up house prices , it hard for locals to on the property ladder . @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Bailey after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 October . The 16-year-old - who cannot for legal reasons - in private at Aberdeen Sheriff Court . The boy also with a blade or point on school premises . He no plea , fully and in custody . Special assemblies on Monday as pupils to classes for the first time since the incident . Bailey 's family a message of thanks for the support they .", "The 25-year-old with Carlisle since 2008 , 160 appearances for the club and down a new deal to the Saddlers . \" We he after a new challenge . He can in and a dominant number one for us ,\" Walsall manager Jon Whitney the club website . Meanwhile , 22-year-old goalkeeper Liam Roberts a new one-year deal . The contract by former Chester loanee Roberts , who one senior appearance for Walsall , the option of a further year in the League One club 's favour . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "Wa-ays Dhaye , 18 , from multiple knife wounds after in Thurston Street , Slough , in August . He home after the day at Notting Hill Carnival . Khianni Gordon for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder while Kaneel Huggins and Antwon Clarke 10 and nine-year sentences respectively for manslaughter . Gordon , 18 , also of the course of justice . Clarke and Huggins' sentences to the Court of Appeal by the Attorney General under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme . Huggins , 19 , his sentence to 16 years , and Clarke , 18 , his sentence to 15 years . Gordon 's sentence not by the court . after the hearing , Attorney General Jeremy Wright : \" These offenders knowingly in the plan to and Wa'ays Dhaye full well that really serious harm or death could . \" Knife crime a real scourge of our society and it important that prison terms for this type of crime the seriousness of the offending . \" Mr Dhaye , who in Holland but in Slough for 10 years , while home after August bank holiday at the Notting Hill Carnival . He later in hospital . Det Ch Insp Kevin Brown of Thames Valley Police , the three \" down \" Mr Dhaye a minor altercation between two groups at the carnival . He : \" The three of them Wa-ays in the street and it members of the public who him and to his aid . \" Update 21 November 2016 : This story information by the Attorney General about the sentencing", "The 19-year-old to Glasgow a year ago and in more than 40 games for the Scottish champions . His 18-month deal in the summer and Roberts to to City to for a place . \" I 'll always that belief ; the more you , the more you ,\" Roberts . \" It my first proper season men 's football . I a bit at Fulham , but I in and out , the same at Man City , so here , the manager before [ Ronny Deila ] me a lot and Brendan 's [ Rodgers ] really good with me as well . \" It good and I thoroughly it . I here to , to trophies and goals . \" Hopefully at the end of the season I can that back with me to City and a good go there . It a great experience and I thankful for that . \" Roberts often Scott Sinclair and James Forrest games ahead of him this season , but the winger he from alongside Sinclair in particular . He also that the camaraderie within the squad a significant factor as Celtic the Champions League group stages and together a run of 25 unbeaten domestic matches . If Celtic can defeat against St Johnstone on Wednesday , they will the record of 26 by the Lisbon Lions in the 1966-67 season . Roberts , though , that the players not too much thought to the record . \" The team spirit great since day one , when the manager in and the boys back for pre-season ,\" he . \" We each other , we good times , fun together , and well on the pitch . It in results and if we to that , it should a very good season for us . \" It [ about ] momentum , you good , positive and into every game you can . The more you , the more positive you . We in good stead right now and we 'll into Wednesday firing and ready to . \" We just out with the mentality to every game . On Wednesday we 'll that again . We 'll to back in the league and to on a good show . \" It more other people [ at the record ] , we just on to . We 'll all we can to that and on the game . \"", "Gilmartin , 30 , an undisclosed-length deal after the Hornets , where he to a first-team game in three years . His most recent senior match in England for Plymouth in January 2013 . Keeper Brill , 31 , Colchester in January on a short-term deal and the offer of a new contract . The former Luton , Barnet and Oldham player himself as number two to Sam Walker , who every league game last season . Gilmartin will keepers Walker and Dillon Barnes , with Ademola Bankole the role after more than nine years at the club . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "John and Elizabeth Knott from Bosbury , in Herefordshire , dead at their home in August . Each from a single shotgun wound . A shotgun to Mr Knott , 71 , by police at the scene . Assistant Coroner Roland Wooderson a verdict of unlawful killing for Mrs Knott , while Mr Knott intentionally his own life . The couple 's daughter Elizabeth Conway she shocked , but not surprised . \" Mum n't to to like that and Dad could n't a life without Mum ,\" she in a statement . The inquest , at Hereford Town Hall , Mrs Knott , 70 , from Alzheimer 's disease and anxiety . Friends how Mr Knott to his wife , as Anne , and upset when she a nearby respite care home . A couple of days after at the care home , the inquest Mr Knott for his wife to home and two days later the couple dead . Relatives police after concerned about them . They in a workshop at the back of their garage . The door from the inside and the handle . evidence , Det Sgt Tim Powell there no sign of any third-party involvement . The inquest also Mr Knott by plans by travellers to on to land next to their home .", "The government it now back 633 asylum seekers who to Australia by boat . In July a small wooden boat , the first \" illegal \" vessel entry into Australia since June 2014 , off the north-west coast . It not again and the government to where it . The government usually to on boat turn-backs but Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Thursday local media : \" There 46 people on a recent venture that from Vietnam ; we their return to Vietnam . \" \" The boat that they on and we able to down that venture ,\" he , that the government 's policy not to people \" illegally \" by boat to in Australia . Australia migrant boats back to where they from since December 2013 . Refugee support group VOICE three of the Vietnamese refugees now in police detention in Vietnam . Spokesman Trug Doan the Australian Broadcasting Corp they \" for an indefinite period for interrogation \" . The Greens party the turn-backs a breach of the UN 's Refugee Convention . Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young last month that the Vietnamese group back to Vietnam would refoulement - the expulsion of people to refugee status .", "The Spaniard , 23 , on pole but to fifth place after an early technical issue . He and Valentino Rossi with 12 laps to , his fourth win of the season and his championship total to 248 points . Rossi to down Marquez 's lead and behind champion Jorge Lorenzo to in third . Victory - the 28th of his career in the top category - Marquez a clear lead over second-placed Rossi , with four races . Earlier , Brad Binder the first South African motorcycle grand prix world champion since 1980 as he the Moto3 title . 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 41 minutes 57.678 seconds 2. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:00.418 3. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 42:03.661 4. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:05.916 5. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 42:10.899 6. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 42:14.750 7. Aleix Espargaro ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:16.200 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:17.110 9. Alvaro Bautista ( Spa ) Aprilia - 42:20.749 10. Stefan Bradl ( Ger ) Aprilia - 42:25.576 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 248 points 2. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 196 3. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 182 4. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 155 5. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 149 6. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 105 7. Andrea Dovizioso ( Ita ) Ducati - 104 8. Andrea Iannone ( Ita ) Ducati - 96 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 96 10. Hector Barbera ( Spa ) Ducati - 84", "Cornish-born Glover to back with partner Heather Stanning , but Glover , 27 , the with Swann last season . \" We a whole year together last year so hopefully it 'll into place ,\" she BBC Radio Cornwall . \" It into place fairly easily , we just to back onto the same page technically and the same things . \" Swann Stanning last season after she Glover and Swann three World Cup events together last season as well as the world title in South Korea . And with a good performance in Amsterdam , Glover there could some tough decisions for the Great Britain selectors as to who her in the coxless pair for the rest of this season . She : \" It to a quite interesting one with Heather back after a year out with the army and Polly here . \" There lots of selection things about who will in the pair out of those two . \" But I to my eye on the World Championships at the end of August in Amsterdam . \" It 'd great to and on to our world champion title , whoever else in the boat with me . \"", "He it \" dispiriting if pretty unsurprising \" to David Cameron 's government their back on the coalition 's \" liberal stance \" . The former deputy prime minister also his former partners' \" swagger \" over the EU referendum . And , in his final speech to MPs as Lib Dem leader , he the EU debate would \" \" Mr Cameron 's party . A contest to Mr Clegg under way after the election his party with just eight MPs . \" My party 's presence may much , much in size , but our mission clearer than ever ,\" Mr Clegg . He new data monitoring powers , by his party in government , a \" turbo snooper 's charter \" , and there not enough to social care and house-building . He the Conservatives of their commitment to civil liberties . \" The human rights we dear , our right to privacy in an online age , our future as an open-minded , outward-looking country , all in the balance again because of the measures today ,\" he . \" The previous coalition government 's commitment to fairness ,\" he . Mr Clegg he \" a slight swagger \" among the Conservatives over Mr Cameron 's bid to powers from the EU , the PM \" ambivalent \" towards the UK 's place in Europe . And he for electoral reform and wholesale changes to Britain 's constitution , : \" This sort of piecemeal tinkering not nearly far enough . \" He his speech , in a half empty chamber , by it \" an unaccustomed surprise \" to in the Commons without by a \" wall of noise \" from the opposition benches . the Lib Dem leader in the Commons , Conservative MP Andrew Mitchell history would Mr Clegg 's time as deputy prime minister more kindly than the electorate .", "Output 9.3 % from a year ago , which up from March 's figure of 8.9 % but below market forecasts for a 9.5 % rise . Fixed-asset investment also in the first four months of 2013 . Last week , a separate survey that manufacturing activity , a subset of industrial production , at a slower pace in April . \" This not the start of a rally , it a whimper as momentum to ,\" economists at IHS Global Insight . By Linda YuehChief business correspondent IHS also that fixed-asset investment - a key measure of government spending - weakness in manufacturing and infrastructure construction , and that the pace could further amid government efforts to the housing market . Separately , Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts also that there an \" downside risk \" to the economy . China 's economy at an annual rate of 7.7 % in the first three months of the year , down from 7.9 % in the previous quarter . Officials that the economy to as the government to the economy by domestic consumer demand to growth , rather than investments and exports . This attempt now to an impact . to government statistics , in the first three months of this year , the largest part of the economy services - not manufacturing .", "Tshibola , 20 , through the Royals' academy system and his first professional contract last summer . He his professional debut against Nottingham Forest in August . Bingham , 21 , Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer and four goals in 20 games for the Stags in all competitions . Pools clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo to against Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday .", "Polling booths at 07:00 BST in the area 's 15 constituencies , with results to after midnight . Votes will after the polls at 22:00 BST . For the latest news from all the counts on Merseyside , to our election live service or the results on your constituency profile page .", "The poster with the phrase # prayforjosh in Holywood by the A2 within the last week . It part of a social media campaign 13-year-old Joshua Martin , from Donaghadee , County Down . Life a dramatic turn for the teenager when he with cancer on Christmas Eve . He due to an operation on his appendix at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast . However , doctors instead and a large primary cancer and five smaller growths . The news Josh 's family , but since his diagnosis they lots of support from people all over the world . It as a hashtag on Facebook and Instagram by Bangor Elim Church , where Josh 's father on the pastoral staff , and since viral . The church 's senior pastor , Gary Beattie , he amazed by how many people Josh and his family so far . \" We in total shock when he , and really the family just support from people and to people to for Josh ,\" Gary . \" It certainly n't a campaign as such , we just the hashtag on our Facebook posts to some of our congregation about him . We no idea that it would off . \" We would social media quite a lot because we quite a young congregation , and we updates about Josh from his family . \" The update 948 times and it by over 79,000 people . It absolutely phenomenal . \" We there a mistake , but you can at the views and where they from , and there people all over the world him , which great . \" But how a social media hashtag to the appearance of the massive billboard ? Gary that last week a mystery donor for the sign and it at Holywood fields . \" We not where it from , we n't it there , but it a lot to such support ,\" Gary . There also a huge outpouring of support on Twitter for the Bangor Grammar pupil , with his classmates the now-global hashtag for their friend . As Josh 's family and friends to him in his recovery , it now there will people all over the world will suit , thanks to the kindness of County Down strangers .", "GKN Aerospace in Yeovil , Somerset , which airframes for Royal Navy helicopters , the potential loss of the contact 230 jobs at risk . Leonardo , which the Wildcat helicopter in the town , GKN it to production in-house . The firm the current arrangement \" no longer sustainable \" . The union Unite it a \" massive blow \" . GKN formal consultations with the unions potential job losses in Yeovil . The firm in a statement that the move by Leonardo \" at risk the long term viability of our Yeovil site \" . GKN : \" a thorough assessment of the business , we regrettably that GKN Yeovil , as it today , no longer a sustainable business and will to significantly or fully . \" We will now a period of consultation with employee representatives . \" Andy Soughton of the Unite union talk of a potential site closure a \" bit of a shock \" . \" We quite a few redundancies over the years , and work off a little bit ,\" he . \" So I people something to . But not a closure . \" More than 250 jobs at GKN 's car manufacturing branch in Telford in Shropshire in August .", "Matthew Gillard , of Connsbrook Avenue in east Belfast , not guilty to charges kidnapping and false imprisonment . The defendant , 25 , also charges of common assault , a police officer and dangerously . The charges to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on Saturday 4 April . Newtownards Magistrates Court that the defendant and the woman in his car in east Belfast when he her about who she . A detective evidence in court the woman to out of the Seat Toledo car but the defendant allegedly off at speed , through a red light on Bloomfield Avenue . When the car on the Belfast Road in Comber , the woman along a lane but back to the car by the defendant , the court . An off-duty police sergeant this and to the woman . When the sergeant to , the defendant allegedly his car at the officer , him to out of the way . The sergeant able to the keys from the ignition through the car 's open window , but the defendant them from his grasp . He then to the Grand Parade area of east Belfast where the woman . He also to the woman a message that if she to police about the incident he would \" her life in every possible way \" . The court that the defendant himself over to police on Wednesday , despite aware since Saturday that he by the PSNI . But during police interviews he to questions to him . An application for bail but this . Mr Gillard will again in court on 1 May .", "The rock an eroded volcano that 260 miles ( 418km ) west of the Western Isles and only 30m ( 100ft ) wide and 21m ( 70ft ) high above the sea . The Nato documents how the UK Rockall in 1955 . The government that it could by \" hostile agents \" as a place to the Hebrides Rocket Range . A small team of military personnel to Rockall by the Royal Navy in September 1955 to as UK territory . A Union Flag and a plaque on the rock . In the documents , it : \" This decision of the UK government with the fact that the UK government recently to up a missile range in South Uist , in the Outer Hebrides . \" The island of Rockall uninhabited but this government to against the possibility of hostile agents themselves on the island in order to the effects of the tests on the South Uist range . \" People on Rockall , though only temporarily , in the past , in 1997 when three campaigners from Greenpeace to on to the rock . They on Rockall for 42 days and it Waveland in protest at exploration of new oil and gas reserves in the seabed . In 2014 , a Scots adventurer the record for the remote North Atlantic rock . Adventurer Nick Hancock on there for 43 days , the previous record by three Greenpeace campaigners who there for 42 days . The time also the previous solo record of 40 days by Tom McClean in 1985 . Mr Hancock the solo record by a small bottle of champagne while also a tweet with a message to veteran adventurer Mr McClean , of Morar in the west Highlands . His message simply : \" Sorry Tom . \"", "Sir Peter Blake Liverpool 's Citizen of Honour at a ceremony at the city 's Liver building . The 84-year-old also Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover Everybody Razzle Dazzle . Sir Peter , who in Kent , he Liverpool people will him as an \" honorary Scouser \" . Lord Mayor of Liverpool Roz Gladden : \" Sir Peter Liverpool 's cultural significance on the global stage for more than five decades - from Sgt Pepper to Everybody Razzle Dazzle . \" His work with The Beatles one of the seminal moments in popular art in the 20th Century and 50 years on still around the world as we will with our 50 Summers of Love programme . \" She he to outstanding contributions to the cultural life of the city \" the depth of feeling he for Liverpool and the city for him \" . Sir Peter : \" As well as my music with the city , I proud of my association with Liverpool Biennial and Tate Liverpool and to my relationship with the city . \" He he \" the warmth and good humour of the people of Liverpool \" . Citizen of Honour awards in 2008 to individuals who the image of Liverpool and its citizens . Recent recipients James Barton , founder of the nightclub brand Cream , and Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts film director David Yates . The Snowdrop ferry due to to its original paintwork at the end of 2016 but it until 2019 .", "The 25-year-old , who 6ft 9ins tall , the Minstermen from Tranmere Rovers on a two-year deal in May , but only five appearances . Mooney 's first stint in professional football in England at Wycombe and he time at Conference North side Oxford City before Tranmere . He available for Alfreton 's game against Welling United on Saturday .", "Its new official forecast for the gap between spending and taxes still to a deficit of \u00a3 7bn in 2019-20 , with the Office for Budget Responsibility 's forecast at the last budget for a surplus of \u00a3 7bn . Its gloomier projection may as a particular embarrassment for the Tories , that unlike Labour and the Liberal Democrats they committed to a surplus on the overall budget . However a small part of the difference between the IMF and the OBR that the IMF there will a weakish minority government after the election and therefore will a bit higher than the Tories' plan . So a senior Tory a brave face on the IMF 's disagreement with the OBR and it the risks of voters not them a clear mandate . However that not the whole story , in that the IMF also the OBR a bit too optimistic about growth and tax revenues in the latter years of the next parliament . In truth therefore the IMF that whoever the next government may to taxes or spending a bit more than currently . This may a bigger headache for the Tories than Labour or the LibDems that in the last few days the Tories themselves to \u00a3 6bn of tax cuts and \u00a3 8bn of spending on the NHS , without where the money for these giveaways would from . In fact just yesterday a senior Tory to the OBR 's surplus for 2019 / 20 and that would ( almost ) the NHS commitment . Well the IMF today that \u00a3 7bn surplus a chimera . All that , the IMF forecast a million miles from devastating for any party : the difference between a \u00a3 7bn deficit and \u00a3 7bn surplus in 2020 just 0.6 % of GDP or national income - which a error in the context of a deficit that a humongous 10 % of GDP just five years ago .", "Raworth and Michelle Ackerley , formerly a reporter on the BBC One consumer show , will Matt Allwright and Chris Hollins when its new series next month . Anne Robinson 's departure from Watchdog after 12 years on the programme earlier this month . Raworth 's addition to the line-up more than 30 years after her work experience on the show . \" Watchdog the reason I into television ,\" she . \" After two weeks work experience on the programme when I 16 , I determined to a journalist . \" I Watchdog Daily and Test House for the past three years . I delighted to to Matt , Chris and Michelle for the new series . It like I full circle . \" Ackerley the BBC in 2005 and previously for Watchdog and the Crimewatch Roadshow . \" I passionate about and new stories and excited to with Matt , Chris and Sophie ,\" she . \" I genuinely excited to part of such a fantastic team . \" The new series of Watchdog on 8 October .", "A new report by the corporation licence money spending a positive knock-on effect for regional economies . The total expenditure over the two-year period to \u00a3 4.3bn , which to a gross value-added ( GVA ) boost to the economy of \u00a3 8.3bn . However , spending in London three times the rest of the UK . The report : \" The effect of initial BBC spending ' ' as it through the economy from region to region and sector to sector ( and to the employees of those sectors ) . This as the ' multiplier effect '.\" The BBC 's chief economic and policy adviser Najma Rajah : \" The basic premise that when the BBC a pound , the impact of that pound ' ' as that pound by the BBC value elsewhere in the economy . \" So , for example , if the BBC to a camera from a supplier in Manchester , the camera supplier would some money in return for the camera . \" The camera company would then the income from the sale of the camera to their suppliers for the components that into the camera and to also their employees and so on . \" Rajah : \" A really good example of how this multiplier effect when the BBC a programme that by an independent television production . \" The programme might in Scotland local runners , electricians , make-up artists etc . who and then will their wages in Scotland to the benefit of the Scottish economy . \" The report significant growth in the north of England the opening of the new BBC North headquarters in Salford Quays , with GVA 19.7 % to \u00a3 391m . But in the Midlands , it 21.7 % to \u00a3 199m , while the south down 18.8 % to \u00a3 699m and Wales 6.2 % to \u00a3 276m . London the biggest expenditure of \u00a3 2.98bn - nearly three times as much as the rest of the UK - which in turn \u00a3 5.65bn GVA . John Tate , the BBC 's director of policy and strategy , the findings of the report to on Ofcom to its plans for a spectrum tax on broadcasters next year . In a blog post he : \" The wider benefit of the licence fee an extra reason for Ofcom to again before it a spectrum tax next year : a levy on the spectrum broadcasters to their programmes . \" As well as licence fee payers , such a tax would much-needed cash from the UK 's creative sector . \"", "Security assistance since 2011 , when the Gulf state down mass Shia-led protests . But US State Department spokesman John Kirby that Bahrain progress on human rights , the release of political prisoners . Bahrain home to the US Navy 's Fifth fleet and airstrike missions over Syria as part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State ( IS ) . \" We it important to that the government of Bahrain some meaningful progress on human rights reforms and reconciliation ,\" State Department spokesman John Kirby in a statement . He that this not that the US the human rights situation in Bahrain adequate . \" the lift of these holds , we will to Bahrain on our human rights concerns ,\" Mr Kirby . He no details about what the security assistance would . The move quickly by rights groups . Sarah Margon , the Washington director of Human Rights Watch , that the decision to restrictions place without any \" real or meaningful political reform \" in Bahrain . She in a statement that \" Bahrain 's jails at the seams with political detainees and the recent prison sentence for political opposition leader , al-Wefaq secretary general Sheikh Ali Salman , that a political accommodation as far away as ever . \" Earlier in June , Sheikh Salman for four years for hatred , disobedience and \" \" public institutions . Shia-dominated demonstrations against Bahrain 's Sunni monarchy sporadically since 2011 . Dozens when the government to protests four years ago .", "The ticket for the Grosvenor in Norwich for seven shillings and sixpence and at the gig by John Lennon and Ringo Starr . It also the band at the now defunct venue on Prince of Wales Road by local band Ricky Lee and the Hucklebucks . The ticket by Bonhams on 3 July . At the time of the gig The Beatles their first number one single From Me To You , which at the top of the British singles chart for seven weeks . Bonhams if the ticket also the signatures of Paul McCartney and George Harrison , it would worth nearer \u00a3 4,000 .", "Keith Davies , 56 , from Troedyrhiw , not since he his home at about 12:00 GMT on Saturday . South Wales Police for information his disappearance . On Monday , the force a body but not yet formally . Mr Davies' family .", "Red Bull motorsport boss Helmut Marko Germany 's Bild newspaper : \" The idea of Mercedes . We now elsewhere . \" Team principal Christian Horner he \" necessary due diligence \" in to other manufacturers . With their partnership with Renault , the team may to to Ferrari engines . Mercedes to against Red Bull - who to Renault until 2016 - because they not to a strong rival more competitive . Media playback not on this device The German giant also concerned about what it and many other F1 insiders to Red Bull 's history of antagonistic relationships with engine partners . Red Bull 's relationship with Renault difficult for some time , and to untenable in recent months as the team 's frustrations with the lack of competitiveness of the French engine over . Honda the only other manufacturer in F1 , but partner McLaren would almost certainly their veto over any potential deal with Red Bull , who in any case not to interested in a deal with the Japanese company at this stage . Renault , which only Red Bull and sister team Toro Rosso in F1 , in the final stages of negotiations to over the financially Lotus team , although no deal yet . Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene the Italian company prepared to Red Bull if necessary . He he not concerned about their reputation for able to highly-competitive chassis in F1 , by their design chief Adrian Newey . Arrivabene : \" In theory they big names , with Newey as chief designer and it easy to that if you them the engine they will a scary chassis , which they will really competitive . \" my team , my engineers and aerodynamicists their own jobs . For that reason I n't a problem , and competition nice when you a stronger competitor . \" This n't tomorrow morning we will our engines to Red Bull or Toro Rosso . \" But I n't any kind of problem to our engine to any other team or scared of the competition before they . \" This not the right spirit of competition or what Ferrari . We with everybody . \"", "The \" call for sites \" part of the second stage of a comprehensive review of the island 's planning strategy . The department that no guarantees will as to where development can place , but it to the potential . Islanders until 17:00 BST on 13 September to applications . The information will the Strategic Land Use Plan . Two main areas already suitable for development in Guernsey . These St Peter Port and St Sampson / Vale , which already extensively . There 10 further areas which under consideration as \" local centres \" , where development will in order to housing and employment opportunities . Only submissions to these areas will . Details of successful and unsuccessful submissions will in the final review , there will no confidentiality other than in respect of contact details . Information about the consultation and the submission form available on the department 's section of the States website .", "The Highland village 's Ruthven Road in a line in the film by Janet de Vigne , from Edinburgh . De Vigne 's appearance at the screening will the launch of new weekly film nights in Kingussie . The village not a cinema , but will the events in a local hotel . weekly film nights during an annual festival movies . Organiser Iona Malcolm : \" This all at the Kingussie Food on Film Festival when a survey out into interest in a film night in Kingussie . \" The reaction very , very positive . \" by Danny Boyle , Slumdog Millionaire eight Oscars in 2009 .", "Division One leaders Middlesex , who out for 381 at Taunton to by 145 , in charge when they Somerset to 59-3 and 126-4 . But Trescothick , who 124 , and Trego , still there on 115 , 181 to the contest in the balance . Somerset on 348-6 , an advantage of 203 runs . On a surface that easier for batting as the game , the outcome likely to on the length of time Trego at the crease on the final day . Somerset would perhaps to a target in excess of 250 , while anything less would probably Middlesex as favourites . That the home side , who at one stage to inside three days , still in with a shout down entirely to Trescothick and Trego . Opener Trescothick Johann Myburgh no shot to Harry Podmore and captain Chris Rogers the same bowler to for a duck . After James Hildreth at slip from the off-spin of Ollie Rayner , Trescothick some support from James Allenby , but when he a pull to mid-on , Somerset still 19 behind . But Trescothick , characteristically powerful cover drives , and Trego , who as the Middlesex bowlers often short , their huge fifth-wicket stand to the hosts back into it . Trescothick 's 48th Somerset hundred him past Sir Viv Richards to second on the all-time list , while Trego his 14th first-class ton . Only when James Harris some late energy he both Trescothick and Craig Overton behind , Alex Barrow to Trego to the close . Harris earlier the last Middlesex wicket to , at slip off Tim Groenewald for 78 , a maiden first-class hundred , just like James Fuller , who to the same combination for 93 .", "Lights first off as Ramon Lobo , a pro-government lawmaker , the energy policies of President Nicolas Maduro , reports . Opposition MP Luis Florido on Twitter : \" The country 's reality them in the face . \" The session later . Venezuela a severe electricity crisis and shortages frequent . Reports other buildings in the same area of the capital , Caracas , also by power cuts , on Wednesday afternoon . Venezuela 's National Assembly by the opposition . Delsa Solorzano , an opposition MP , a video of the chamber in the dark . MP Freddy Guevara , also from the opposition , : \" What a shame : the parliament session because the energy off . Right on the day we the energy sector law . \" Oil-rich Venezuela in the middle of a deep economic crisis by a drop in global oil prices . The country from a shortage of basic goods , food and electricity . Earlier this year , the government power rationing and a two-day working week for public sector workers as ways to the crisis . It a major drought , which dramatically water levels at its main hydroelectric dam , to . But the opposition authorities of mismanagement . Some of the measures already .", "Prop Mako Vunipola , 25 , and 23-year-old brother Billy , their careers at Thornbury Rugby Club . Both England regulars since Saracens , with Mako 29 international caps and Billy 23 . They both junior members at the club on the outskirts of Bristol in South Gloucestershire . Roy Black , who chairman of Thornbury RFC at the time , they \" big lads \" when they 11 or 12 and the opposition \" a lot of problems \" \" If you them in Thornbury and they to the club or to school they 'd always a rugby ball in their hand and it from one side of the road to the other over the traffic ,\" he . Mr Black also the time when Lloyd Spacey , their PE teacher at nearby Castle School , to the ground by Mako after him \" he rugby \" . \" Mako ' yes ' , so Lloyd up a tackle bag and Mako straight through him when he about 13 ,\" Mr Black .", "Emma Morano on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy . She officially the last person in the 1800s still . She her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day , two of them raw . Ms Morano the oldest of eight siblings , all of whom she . She at her home in the northern city of Verbania . Her life not only three centuries but also an abusive marriage , the loss of her only son , two World Wars and more than 90 Italian governments . Ms Morano that her longevity partly down to genetics : her mother 91 and several sisters their centenary . But it also down to a rather unusual diet of three eggs - two raw - each day for more than 90 years . It a regime she up as a young woman , after the doctor her with anaemia shortly after World War One . She down to just two eggs a day , and a few biscuits recently . Her doctor of 27 years , Carlo Bava , AFP news agency that she rarely vegetables or fruit . \" When I her , she three eggs per day , two raw in the morning and then an omelette at noon , and chicken at dinner . \" Ms Morano also her longevity to her decision , in 1938 , to out her husband - a year after her baby boy at just six months old . The marriage never healthy , she . She in love with a boy who during World War One , and no interest in someone else . But , she La Stampa newspaper in an interview when she a spritely 112 that she with little choice . \" He me : ' If you lucky you me , or I 'll you ' . I 26 years old . I . \" Eventually , it too much . Though they in 1938 , they married until he in 1978 . Ms Morano , who until she 75 , never to again . \" I n't to by anyone ,\" she the New York Times . She only on a full-time carer a couple of years ago - but not her small two-room apartment for 20 years . to the US-based Gerontology Research Group ( GRG ) , the world 's oldest human being now Jamaican Violet Brown , who on March 10 , 1900 .", "Owens' team a record European defeat as they nine tries in a 64-14 Champions Cup hammering in Paris . With New Zealand 's World Rugby player of the year Dan Carter six goals and the demolition , Wales international Owens Racing will hard to . \" It difficult to a side like Racing - they the complete package ,\" Owens . \" They the best team in Europe . \" Saracens in England up there , very good stuff . But I Racing , with the squad they , the calibre of player and the different variations in their game , the edge . \" Racing Scarlets 29-12 in Llanelli in November , before World Cup winner Carter his debut for the French club . \" They a different mindset when we them before - they happy to off our mistakes ,\" Owens . \" But today they the tempo and the game to us and they definitely . \" Carter in , plenty of experience , a ball-player , really the backs - he a big difference to their back line . \" He players to off him and his organisation - you could just him - he a huge asset to any team . He the best player in the world and it . \" However , head coach Wayne Pivac not happy with his team 's discipline at Stade Yves du Manoir . Scarlets under pressure , but up to Racing 's power before the Welsh region 's second row Maselino Paulino a yellow card for a high tackle on Yannick Nyanga deep in Racing territory . And within five minutes , Scarlets wing DTH van der Merwe the Samoan into the sin-bin for a tip tackle . At that point the score 10-0 , but by the time Van der Merwe , Scarlets 31-0 . \" Twenty-one points pretty quickly ,\" Pivac . \" , they a class side when it 15 on 15 , alone one and then two players off , so that us . \" So I disappointed with our discipline in that early part of the game . \" Scarlets now all five of their European Champions Cup matches this season - with the visit of Northampton Saints still to .", "The scores level at the break with Theo Fages and Matty Smith for the visitors and Alex Mellor and Patrick Ah Van over for Widnes . Saints the lead when Mark Percival a penalty , after the Vikings for offside . That to the winning score , but the hosts eventually their pressure when Ah Van over . The New Zealander 's second try of the night the hosts a first home win of the season , and they now just one point off 11th-placed Huddersfield . Victory will some of the pressure on coach Denis Betts , but his team it the hard way . They much the better team in the first half but in level at the break after individual errors to them to to their 12 points . Saints a Luke Thompson try out by the video ref at 14-12 up , before Ah Van 's decisive score Widnes a vital two points . Widnes : Hanbury , Thompson , Bridge , Runciman , Ah Van , Mellor , Gilmore , Dudson , Johnstone , Buchanan , Houston , Dean , Gerrard . Replacements : Whitley , Burke , J. Chapelhow , D. Walker . St Helens : Bailey , Swift , Fleming , Percival , Grace , Fages , Smith , Richards , Lee , Amor , Taia , Wilkin , Thompson . Replacements : McCarthy-Scarsbrook , Walmsley , Peyroux , Knowles . Whitehaven v Halifax in the Challenge Cup fifth round live on on Sunday , 23 April on Connected TV and online from 14:55 BST , along with live text commentary online .", "Ashley Brace , from Ebbw Vale , Blaenau Gwent , could not at the Commonwealth Games because of her kickboxing past . She she unhappy with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association ( WABA ) . Chairman David Francis the organisation all it could to . The Association of International Boxing Associations ( AIBA ) Brace ineligible to for Team Wales because she in professional kickboxing in the past , which she . Organisers of the kickboxing tournaments she in also since she so on an amateur basis . A further rule any boxer from another individual contact sport should to an international committee to eligible to again . Brace she never about the paperwork , which to by WABA , and the association her down . She now at Bristol Boxing Gym and her first professional fight in Newport on 30 October . She : \" I would never back to Team Wales after this , because if you n't confidence in the people who to your corner , at the end of day , what the point ? \" Mr Francis the whole incident \" regrettable \" .", "Djokovic 6-3 7-5 in a largely performance . The 29-year-old , who now seven titles this year , the Japanese on nine successive occasions . Djokovic , who in the third round at Wimbledon by Sam Querrey , will Serbia at the Rio Olympics . \" I n't to that every athlete of a part of the Olympic Games ,\" he . \" I in singles and doubles . \" Hopefully I 'll at least one medal . \"", "However , the Bairns boss that any forward signing will to even more quality than two of his youngsters . \" If I another striker in he to better than young Botti Bia-Bi and Scott Shepherd ,\" Houston . \" I would for the more experienced type , and another defender would in handy as well . \" Eighteen-year-old Bia-Bi , a London-born Scot who through Falkirk 's academy , in a fine equalising header against Cowdenbeath on Saturday to Houston 's side Central Park with a point . The former Dundee United manager in no uncertain terms that he to \" \" the errors that Cowdenbeath to twice in their first Championship game of the season . Houston \" not up runners \" as the problem for the opening goal and a \" crazy mix-up \" as the reason former Bairn Sean Higgins the Blue Brazil a second . An \" exceptional \" Rory Loy strike and Bia-Bi 's header Falkirk on level terms . \" To a header like that not the easiest thing ,\" Houston . \" He it right in the corner so credit to him . \" He an impact when he on and he might due a longer run from the start . Next up for the Bairns the visit of Rangers on Friday .", "Swansea University 's Dr Neil Loader and Emeritus Prof Alayne Street-Perrott , among a team who ancient earthworks , possibly 2,000 years old . The discoveries in Acre state in the western Brazilian Amazon . Researchers from the universities of Exeter and Reading , and Brazil 's S\u00c3 \u00a3 o Paulo , Bel\u00c3 \u00a9 m also part of the team . Their research enclosures which for centuries by bamboo-dominated rainforest until modern deforestation the discovery of more than 450 large geometrical \" geoglyphs \" . The team the function of these mysterious sites still little . They unlikely to villages , since archaeologists very few artefacts during excavation , and their layout not they for defensive reasons . Instead it they only sporadically , perhaps as ritual gathering places , similar to the Maya pyramids of Central America , or Britain 's own Stonehenge . Although Dr Loader - who soil samples from the geoglyphs - the surroundings in which they very different to other ritual sites around the world . He at phytoliths - a type of microscopic plant fossil of silica - to ancient vegetation ; charcoal quantities , to the amount of ancient forest burning ; and carbon stable isotopes , to the type of vegetation there in the past . \" The indications that the geoglyphs amongst taller vegetation . So , unlike the Maya pyramids of Central America , they likely not visible above the forest canopy , and this questions about their purpose ,\" he . It prior to the arrival of Europeans in the early 16th Century , the Amazonian forests pristine ecosystems , free from human influence . But the new research a wide variety of plant species over 6,000 years , which could only artificially together by humans . It instead of large tracts of forest - either for geoglyph construction or agricultural practices - people their environment by on economically valuable trees such as palms . The team it to a form of \" prehistoric supermarket \" of useful forest products . They there \" evidence \" to the biodiversity of some of Acre 's forests may a strong legacy of these ancient \" agroforestry \" practices to this day .", "Two of the songs from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha , which a Broadway smash in the 1960s . \" As far as I , Don Quixote the most metal fictional character that I ,\" the Hobbit star . \" Single , he to the world , regardless of any personal consequences . It a wonderful character to . \" The album also an ear-splitting version of Frank Sinatra 's My Way - originally by Paul Anka - which Lee originally in 2006 . \" My Way a very remarkable song ,\" the star in a YouTube preview . \" It also difficult to because you to people that what you about the truth . \" Sir Christopher his singing career in the 1990s , with an album of Broadway tunes , I The Prince from Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Gondoliers , and Epiphany from Sweeney Todd . In 2010 , his album Charlemagne : By the Sword and the Cross , which the story of the first Holy Roman Emperor a Spirit of Metal Award from Metal Hammer magazine . His latest release , Metal Knight , a collaboration with Italian symphonic metal band , Rhapsody Of Fire . \" I heavy metal with fantasy because of the tremendous power that the music ,\" he . The actor for his numerous appearances as Dracula , as well as Scaramanga in The Man With The Golden Gun , Saruman in Lord Of The Rings , and Count Dooku in the Star Wars prequels . Last year , he with a fellowship from the British Film Institute .", "Allardyce charge of the Black Cats in October when they winless in their opening eight matches , but them to 17th and safety . \" I n't to through that again ,\" he BBC Newcastle . Allardyce that he to transfer targets with owner Ellis Short in the next few days . Sunderland with a game to after victory over Everton with Allardyce it as a \" miraculous achievement . \" However the former West Ham and Bolton boss , who never , the club must from its mistakes this campaign . \" Our season a difficult one . I n't to through that again - that the most important thing for me , not to myself through what I to where we today ,\" he . \" The turnaround me great satisfaction . It n't me about when it tough , and we to sure it n't again . \" Sunderland the season with only one defeat in 11 games , and unbeaten in their last six . Allardyce to summer signings with Short when he back from a mini-break - a meeting that \" will one of great importance \" to the the 61-year-old . \" We will a couple of days off and then what the situation ,\" Allardyce . \" I ca n't or in to the future . It very positive but until we to down and about it . Then we can forward . \"", "He his position with 41,337 votes , ahead of Conservative Matthew Vickers , who 25,229 . Those figures a total of first and second preference votes as there no overall winner with 50 per cent after the initial round . The total turnout 79,829 - 19.73 % of the electorate , which up 5 % from the 2012 election . Candidates in Cleveland Constabulary below . Candidates alphabetically by surname . BBC News App users : here to the candidates . More information available on the Choose my PCC website .", "Her Majesty , who at the Palace of Holyroodhouse , into the Sheep Heid in Duddingston on Friday . The Monarch earlier at Musselburgh Racecourse 's 200th birthday celebrations . She very rarely out at public restaurants , but the 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn to the Royals since the 1500s . In 1580 , King James VI of Scotland the landlord an ornate ram 's head snuff box . It he , and his mother Mary Queen of Scots , by the inn many times to skittles in the courtyard . As a mark of gratitude he the landlord with the unusual gift which on site for 300 years before at auction to the Earl of Rosebery . A Sheep Heid spokesman : \" I can the Queen here . \" He to details on what she . However , it that the Queen and her companions two portions of lamb and a fillet of seabass .", "Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton of Jennifer Laude in a hotel room in Olongapo city , north-west of Manila , last year . Pemberton will between six and 12 years imprisonment . The case ties between the US and the Philippines , a former US colony where the Americans a significant military presence . The marine on leave in Olongapo on 11 October 2014 , after joint military exercises with the Philippine army , when he Ms Laude in a bar . Police they together and into a hotel , where she dead the next day , apparently and with her head inside the hotel toilet . Pemberton previously in court that he Ms Laude after he she transgender , but she still alive when he the room . The prosecution Pemberton should of murder , but the court this to homicide . Pemberton also to at least 4.5 million pesos ($ 95,350 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 63,140 ) to Ms Laude 's family . Ms Laude 's sister , Malou , Reuters news agency : \" We a murder conviction but instead homicide . We not content with the decision . \" Pemberton will temporarily in a Philippine jail until the Philippine and US governments on where he should during his prison term . The case to calls from left-wing groups for the Philippines to its military agreements with the US . Under the agreement , the Philippines can US military personnel but the US custody over them \" from the commission of the offence until completion of all judicial proceedings \" , the Associated Press .", "Evidence of match-fixing in elite tennis this week by a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation . \" Future players will the headlines and it not an option at all ,\" doubles representative Fleming BBC Scotland on Wednesday . \" I if anyone to it , that should them . They should n't again . \" Fleming , 31 , and his partner Jonathan Erlich , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 in the first round of the Australian Open on Wednesday by Robin Haase and Fernando Verdasco . \" The key thing about sport that it pure , you n't the outcome of any match , and that what people to and ,\" he . \" You never what to . That key and they to that . \" I never to money or anything to a match or a match . It on because people at lower levels . I surprised to the article out and about higher levels ; I certainly n't aware of anything on there . \" The Scot he no idea as to the identity of the match-fixers , and additional funding could to the Tennis Integrity Unit ( TIU ) , set-up to the sport . \" Your guess as good as mine ,\" he of those . \" There no names in the article because it very difficult to anything . I that the issue the TIU in that a match can or suspicious , but it n't necessarily players guilty . \" It can just people money on a match . \" Fleming adamant , though , that no such activities in Melbourne . \" I if you at home or a ticket to and here at the Aussie Open , I no doubt in my mind you pure sporting theatre ,\" he . \" Players at it and the best player on that day . There no doubt in my mind that the case here . \"", "Pte Manning , formerly as Bradley , to 35 years in military prison for a massive trove of classified US documents . After the conviction , she the desire to as a woman . However , the US military transgender people from openly in the military . Rear Admiral John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , to the New York Times that Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel a request from the Army to \" potential treatment options for inmates with gender dysphoria \" . The Associated Press news agency first the US military a potential transfer to civilian prison , unnamed Pentagon sources . But on Wednesday , Rear Adm Kirby no such decision yet . \" Any such decision will , of course , properly the soldier 's medical needs with our obligation to Pte Manning behind bars ,\" he . A local judge in Leavenworth , Kansas , Pte Manning 's name change request last month , a move the military not . Pte Manning by military doctors multiple times with gender dysphoria , the sense of one 's gender at odds with the sex at birth . But she treatment , hormone therapy , and the ability to as a woman . to a complaint by Pte Manning 's lawyer , a military doctor at Fort Leavenworth - where she - a treatment plan by November 2013 . But it as it higher up the chain of command for consideration . The US military to disorders of its soldiers but its policy summary dismissal of transgender people . Mr Hagel the military policy on transgender soldiers \" continually should \" . \" Every qualified American who to our country should an opportunity if they the qualifications and can it ,\" Mr Hagel on Monday , but he not if he it should . Despite this policy , a recent study by a US university there about 15,000 transgender people in the US armed forces . Pte Manning will not from the military until she her sentence . A judge recently a clemency request . Transfers from military prisons to civilian Federal Bureau of Prisons facilities not unprecedented , but they usually after the inmate from the military .", "Watson , 22 , eighth in the tournament but 7-5 6-2 to the world number 101 in Seoul . The British number one , 46 in the world , just one of seven break points in the first set and the American the second set . Watson 's early departure less than a month after her first-round defeat in straight sets at the US Open .", "McClean , who recently by Nottingham Forest , on trial with the Perth outfit in the last few weeks of the 2016-17 campaign . And the midfielder now a one year deal at McDiarmid Park . Manager Tommy Wright the club 's website : \" I very impressed with Kyle in his trial and he will straight into the first team squad . \" McClean in Northern Ireland 's squad for their opening Euro Under-21 qualifier in Estonia on Thursday . St Johnstone fourth in the Premiership in 2016-17 and into the Europa League qualifiers later this month . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "30 December 2016 Last at 17:39 GMT In the last decade alone they up Pixar , Marvel and Lucas Films which The Star Wars empire - to suggestions that they now so powerful that they childhoods . Children 's author Michael Rosen Disney can itself \" like the Royal Family \" . He Radio 4 's The World at One that Disney successful at itself by things \" in an ambivalent way \" .", "Figures from the university admissions service , Ucas , it the highest number for five years . Students through clearing to those who not the grades for their favoured courses . But a dip in university applications universities to more places than usual . There reports of some universities places through clearing . This year 's early figure nearly double the number of students through the system at the same point five years ago . Overall , 437,070 students on to university courses - the vast majority the grades for their places of study . This down 1.3 % on the same point last year , Ucas figures . About 134,840 students still as for places in clearing . Since 2013 , universities able to unlimited numbers of students who certain grades in their A-levels . It after the proportion of candidates top grades slightly on last year . Ucas chief executive Clare Marchant with nearly 45,000 courses for students there a huge amount of choice out there .", "Foreign investors for up the cost of real estate in Toronto and Vancouver . by oil prices , Canada 's economy a major issue as the country new leadership . Mr Harper that about 15 % of condos in Vancouver n't in . \" If such foreign , non-resident buyers artificially up the cost of real estate and Canadian families out of the market , that a matter we can and should something about ,\" Mr Harper , who in Vancouver on Wednesday . While home prices in the country 's interior , prices high in Toronto and Vancouver . The average price of a detached home in Vancouver - the country 's most expensive market - more than $ 1 million ( \u00c2 \u00a3 640,000 ) . Harper 's Conservative Party it into restrictions on foreign homeownership that in place by other western countries . Australia the ability of foreign buyers to homes for investment , and only foreign investment in new home construction . If necessary , Mr Harper the Conservative government will action in coordination with the provinces to sure foreign non-resident investment \" the availability and affordability of homes for Canadians . \" His administration also that Canadians will now to $ 35,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 17,241 ) instead of $ 25,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 12,315 ) from retirement accounts to their first homes .", "Harry Maceachen , from Shrewsbury , with a rare disease and the life-saving transplant on Thursday . His father Simon part of his liver after no suitable match from the organ donor register . Grandmother Alison Price , a former theatre sister , : \" The consultants very happy with their progress . \" She it a \" very , very difficult 12 months \" , : \" The operations satisfactory . Everything on to plan .... the consultants very happy with their progress . \" Harry with biliary atresia , which he bile ducts . He a transplant before his first birthday but that liver to , so a second one . Harry the operation on Thursday at Birmingham Children 's Hospital and Mr Maceachen on at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in the city . His grandmother : \" I to after him ( Harry ) three days a week when his mother back to and he to me very well . \" I we a special bond . He on my 63rd birthday . \" She Harry 's two-year-old brother , Sam , \" impeccably \" . \" It hard for him . It the first time he away from his mother for as long as this and he obviously Harry , as we all . \" She : \" It brilliant with the support ( the family ) and the support we as grandparents . \" The whole family together and they a wonderful lot of friends . \"", "Alice Pyne , 17 , of Ulverston , of Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2013 after her wish list . Haley McTaggart , 33 , her charity Alice 's Escapes to \u00c2 \u00a3 2,000 for her to on a trek to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania . McTaggart fraud and for 10 months for two years . The court also how McTaggart raffle tickets for a false raffle and never over the money . She also the charity that she unable to money after the trip to Tanzania . McTaggart , Recorder John Corless she an \" unpleasant and serious \" offence . Alice 's Escapes in 2012 by Miss Payne who 16 at the time . The teenager to holidays in Cumbria for seriously ill children and their families . The top item on her bucket list the hope that everyone in the UK would up as a bone marrow donor , an aspiration which Prime Minister David Cameron in the House of Commons . It that about 40,000 people up as donors as a direct result of her appeal . Miss Pyne and her sister Milly more than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 .", "America Luke Richardson about 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl from Essex and her in a hotel , Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) . The 22-year-old previously by the force after he uniform and schools without authorisation . Richardson , of Salford , at Manchester Crown Court . He also a sexual harm prevention order and will on the sex offenders' register for life . He six counts of sexual activity with a child , one of grooming and one of indecent photographs of a child . GMP Richardson in January 2014 after he \" his role inappropriately \" while a school without authorisation on an independent patrol . But , after his uniform and warrant card from him , Richardson again to to a sixth form college while police uniform . On his home , officers a large quantity of police uniform to the value of \u00c2 \u00a3 970 and him on suspicion of theft . Subsequent allegations of inappropriate contact with children a new investigation in September 2015 . Richardson 's phone and computer 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl in Essex . She they up in a hotel by Richardson . He then with a number of sexual offences and in custody before formally in April . Supt Mark Kenny : \" I pleased that America Luke Richardson now off the streets and unable to any more young girls . \" We to the possibility that Richardson may more victims and we for anyone who may inappropriately by him online , or in person , to and to police . \"", "The company the agreement a guarantee that a conductor would as the second member of staff on board new trains out next year . The dispute to several days of strikes over the summer . Further industrial action earlier this month for more talks . ScotRail the RMT would now the proposal to its members in a company-wide vote . The company discussions also place with Aslef , the train drivers' union , and a similar in-principle agreement . The RMT it would its position clear once the deal by its national executive on Tuesday . ScotRail Alliance managing director Phil Verster : \" I pleased that we an in-principle agreement with the RMT and Aslef unions that , if formally , will this dispute to an end . \" This will the uncertainty for our people and our customers , and will us to on the best possible service for Scotland , every single day . \" What we forward in our proposal will our service more efficient and more effective while and the service we to our customers . \" It that the new faster , longer , greener trains that will in autumn next year really will a revolution in how we our service . \" An RMT spokesman : \" After long hard hours at the negotiating table , and a sustained period of determined and solid industrial action our members , RMT 's team will back to the unions executive tomorrow where the details will in full . \" A further statement will by the union after that executive meeting . \"", "The humpback at Pettycur Bay , Kinghorn in Fife . Humpback sightings not uncommon in Scotland , but a large whale so far up the Forth estuary a lot more unusual . Police Scotland boat owners to a safe distance from the whale . Lindsay Kerr , Police Scotland wildlife liaison officer , : \" This a fantastic opportunity for wildlife watchers and marine tourism but it essential that the health and well-being of the animals at all times . \" The Forth estuary subject to large tidal changes and any disturbance to the whale could significant risk of it distressed and further into shallow water and then by a rapidly tide . \" Legislation in place to these marine mammals . Please this wonderful occurrence but respect to the whales and aware of the protection to them . \" I boat and vessel owners the Wildlife Safe ( WiSe ) scheme . In this particular case , commercial and recreational users should not any attempts to or actively the whale . \" The scheme , which a UK standard for commercial marine wildlife watching , a code of conduct and out best practice for wildlife . \" Endangered species such as dolphins , porpoises and whales by wildlife legislation the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 . Under the Act , it an offence to intentionally or recklessly them .", "Panthers alive their title hopes and the gap on leaders Devils to four points . Two goals from Matthew Myers Panthers in control before Joey Martin . Franklin MacDonald , Geoff Waugh and Evan Mosey 's two goals the win . The sides again in the Challenge Cup final at the Sheffield Arena on Sunday .", "Williams the first black woman to Miss America in 1983 but after a magazine nude photos of her without her consent . \" I to for anything that or ,\" Miss America CEO Sam Haskell . A tearful Williams the statement \" unexpected \" and \" beautiful \" . Now 52 , she a career as an actress , with major roles in Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives . She also a global hit in 1992 with the ballad the Best for Last ; and her recording of Colors of the Wind from Disney 's Pocahontas soundtrack her a Golden Globe , a Grammy and an Oscar for best original song . The New Yorker Miss America in September 1983 but , months later , the pageant 's executive committee unanimously to that she after Penthouse magazine naked photographs she for several years earlier , Williams the only title-holder who to in the pageant 's history . She back to the competition this year by Chairman Sam Haskell , who her to as head judge . Before the competition , he her on stage to the apology . \" I a close friend to this beautiful and talented lady for 32 years ,\" he the audience . \" You your life in grace and dignity , and never it more evident than during the events of 1984 when you . \" Though none of us currently in the organization then , on behalf of today 's organization , I to to you and to your mother , Miss Helen Williams . \" He : \" I to for anything that or that you any less than the Miss America you and the Miss America you always will . \" The audience Williams a standing ovation and TV coverage her mother on the verge of tears . \" you so much , Sam , so unexpected but so beautiful ,\" the actress . \" I the best that I could as Miss America in 1983 to 84 ,\" she . \" On behalf of my family , my mother in particular ; [ publicist ] Brian Edwards , who this entire thing to me back ; and your leadership , your integrity and you this pageant back to what it ought to . I you . I the girls . And I so honoured to back . \" Williams then to her seat and the new Miss America - 21-year-old Betty Cantrell of Georgia .", "The Type 22 frigates HMS Cumberland , HMS Campbeltown , HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall currently in Portsmouth Harbour . Bidders until 23 January to an interest in the former Devonport-based ships . The BBC no proposals to the ships . Those who an interest their bids with viewings to place in late February and March . A final decision not until the spring . The government 's Disposal Services Authority , which the sale , to at least one of the frigates to a UK ship recycler to the capacity of the UK 's industry in the field . Penny Mordaunt , Conservative MP for Portsmouth North , it important UK recyclers the chance to themselves in the field but she also keen to at least one of them from the scrapyard . She : \" For anyone that on a ship it your home , you literally through the wars with it ... and you them to a noble second life . \" My preference to for the reef and diving attraction . \" We to best value for the budget but a reef would also income for part of the country through tourism . \" The Ministry of Defence previously it will \" all options \" for the frigates to \" best financial return for the taxpayer \" . A spokeswoman would not on the number or nature of the bids due to \" commercial sensitivity \" . Originally as a specialist anti-submarine ship , the Type 22 frigate into a powerful surface combatant with substantial anti-surface , anti-submarine and anti-aircraft weapons systems . They also for excellent command and control , and communication facilities , them ideal flagships on deployments , with a complement of about 280 crew . Last year , the aircraft carrier HMS Ark Royal as scrap for \u00c2 \u00a3 3m .", "Scottish Hydro-Electric Transmission Ltd , a division of energy giant SSE , the \" needs case \" as part of the planning process for the cable . After the case , energy regulator Ofgem for further details to . The project by delays and a rise in costs to an \u00c2 \u00a3 780m . Islands local authority , Comhairle nan Eilean Siar , major renewable energy projects for the isles cannot ahead without the cable . The interconnector would electricity to the mainland for distribution . It would to about 50 miles ( 80km ) from Gravir on Lewis to Ullapool on the north-west coast of mainland Scotland . The Scottish government in talks on the project . A spokesperson : \" This a matter for SSE and Ofgem , but we would the company and regulator to swiftly to this issue . \" grid connections will the huge renewable energy resources of Scotland 's islands to jobs - up to 3,500 jobs in the Western Isles , almost 2,900 in the Shetlands and over 4,500 in the Orkney Islands by 2030 . The spokesperson : \" SSE a business case for the Western Isles link to the electricity regulator Ofgem on 14 June , and today Ofgem by out the further information they . \"", "Mr Gustafsson , 42 , back to Sweden from Africa , Sweden 's Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr\u00f6m in a statement on Monday . He by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) along with two other men , one of whom in a dawn raid in 2015 . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m Mr Gustafsson \" in good spirits \" , local media report . \" It with great pleasure that I can that Johan Gustafsson ,\" Ms Wallstr\u00f6m . She that the Swede 's release thanks to \" extensive efforts \" and co-operation between the Swedish foreign ministry , police and \" foreign authorities \" . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m she with Mr Gustafsson , who she as \" happy \" and \" overwhelmed \" by Monday 's events . \" I cannot more at the current time ,\" she . Sweden 's former Foreign Minister Carl Bildt that Mr Gustafsson 's kidnapping heavily on his mind during his time in the role , which in 2014 . He on Monday : \" Extremely gratifying that Johan Gustafsson free . No single case me more as foreign minister . \" Mr Gustafsson along with South African Stephen McGown and Dutchman Sjaak Rijke . Mr Rijke by French special forces in April 2015 after he by chance in a dawn raid in northern Mali . AQIM a number of Western hostages before the French military its forces in January 2013 . In a separate incident in December 2014 , French hostage Serge Lazarevic after a prisoner swap .", "The study by a number of Welsh universities under-15s five times more likely to hospital care than non-diabetic children . Academics the condition complex and \" poor management \" can to medical emergencies . The Welsh government to the situation . Type 1 diabetes where the pancreas not any insulin and it more common in childhood than type 2 , to the NHS Choices website . Experts from Cardiff University , Swansea University , the University of Bristol , Bangor University and Cardiff 's University Hospital of Wales at the data of 95 % of all young people in Wales with type 1 diabetes . They money should on ongoing care with diagnosed cases 3-4 % a year . Prof Reinhard Holl , paediatric diabetologist from the University of Ulm , Germany , : \" Hospitalisation children out of school and away from their families and friends . \" In addition , costs to the health care system high , money which should to continuous outpatient management and family support for those . \" The Welsh government to the research , which 1,577 Welsh children with the condition . It a strategy , Together for Health - a Diabetes Action Plan , to health care . \" We children 's services in our diabetes delivery plan , and an all Wales paediatric diabetes network , so that all 14 centres can the latest research and that they all the same high quality care ,\" a spokesperson . Ten-year-old Molly , from Wrexham , with Type 1 diabetes six months ago and since then she more anxious , to her mother . Malissa , 35 , her daughter now less carefree . She : \" Molly n't her insulin injections and would gladly her condition away . \" She embarrassed at first and still different , especially when other kids bigger snacks than her . \" if she worried about her daughter to into hospital , she \" all the time \" . \" Because I it more of a possibility now - it every parent 's worse nightmare ,\" she .", "David Vallenilla 's 22-year-old son , also David , by military police on Thursday . Mr Vallenilla he once with the president on Caracas' transport system , and on his \" former colleague \" to his son 's name . The president firearms must not on protesters . \" I to to my former colleague of the Caracas Metro ,\" Mr Vallenilla a group of reporters outside the morgue . \" Nicol\u00e1s Maduro , you that we together , I Supervisor Vallenilla . \" He he to Mr Maduro 's boss , although the past relationship between them not yet . President Maduro a former bus driver , who in trade unions and then national politics , president in 2013 after his predecessor Hugo Chavez . \" Please , Nicol\u00e1s , my friend ,\" Mr Vallenilla with tears down his face , before on the leader to it clear that his only son \" not a criminal , he a student \" . \" You him when he little ,\" he . Earlier in the week , Fabi\u00e1n Urbina , 17 , also and as security forces and demonstrators in Caracas . There almost daily anti-government protests in Venezuela for over two months as the country 's economic and political crisis . More than 70 people in protest-related violence since 1 April , to figures by the chief prosecutor 's office . On Thursday , Interior Minister N\u00e9stor Reverol to the death of a protester and a police sergeant an \" unauthorised weapon \" . President Maduro , in a press conference on the same day , : \" I the clear order that you can not firearms . I the clear order that you can never in a demonstration , under any conditions . \" A group of demonstrators on Friday to the place where Mr Vallenilla , and some trucks on fire . Also on Friday , supporters of opposition leader Leopoldo L\u00f3pez footage that they his cries from a military prison on the outskirts of Caracas . \" Lilian !\" he to his wife . \" They me ! \" In a press conference earlier the same day , Lilian Tintori she not able to him for 19 days and his lawyers access for 78 days . News site Ultimas Noticias by photos of the politician , which they from Friday and him to \" fine \" . L\u00f3pez three years into a 14-year sentence for violence during anti-government protests in 2014 .", "Anthony McIntyre a series of interviews with former IRA members , on the understanding that the contents would not public until after their deaths . Boston College with a subpoena it to over the material on 6 May . Mr McIntyre he a lawyer to \" the efforts to his personal memoirs \" . Dozens of loyalists and republicans testimonies to Boston College staff an oral history of the Northern Ireland conflict . What the ' Boston tapes ' ? Dozens of former paramilitaries in Belfast and other cities and towns from 2001-2006 as part of an oral history project as the Belfast Project . Details about internal politics and activities of the IRA on tape , accounts of a hunger strike in prison in the 1980s . Overall , the project about $ 200,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 118,520 ) , mostly by an Irish-American businessman . Each interview , by email to New York and then the material to Boston College , where it under lock and key at Burns Library . a lengthy legal battle with the college , the Police Service of Northern Ireland access to a small number of the interviews in 2013 . Interviews on the understanding that tapes would not public until after their deaths . Detectives to the recordings as part of their investigations into murder and other paramilitary crimes from the 1970s to 1990s . In June last year , police access to interviews by former loyalist prisoner Winston Rea . It a decision by senior judges in Belfast to an injunction on the PSNI possession of Mr Rea 's account to Boston College researchers . In 2013 , detectives the abduction and murder of Belfast mother-of-10 Jean McConville in 1972 the transcripts of former IRA woman Dolours Price 's account . That material over court battles on both sides of the Atlantic .", "The exotic pet , which 12 months old , a vulnerable shell and the shop for information on Facebook , it concerned about its \" specific care requirements \" . The animal from Lathom Pets and Aquatics in Ormskirk on Tuesday afternoon , Lancashire Police . The shop 's owner CCTV a man the tortoise - which calcium supplements - out of the tank . Four people the pet shop together , co-owner Catherine Broxholme . \" I , to the group and change out of the till for a woman I . The tortoise tank just a few feet away from the till . We only five tortoises and when I later there only four . \" CCTV footage a man the tortoise , she . Ms Broxholme she concerned for the exotic pet 's welfare , : \" They specific care needs . We a welfare-oriented pet shop , sure the pets to good homes . \" The tortoise about 12 months old and its shell still vulnerable and it calcium supplements . We just to the tortoise back safe . \" Police the tortoise at \u00c2 \u00a3 120 .", "It the third diagnosis of the H5N8 strain of avian flu in Lincolnshire in about four weeks . Some of the birds at the undisclosed premises in Lincolnshire . The rest due to . Defra an investigation \" under way to the source of the infection \" . A 1.8-mile ( 3km ) protection zone and a six-mile ( 10km ) surveillance area up around the turkey farm to the risk of the disease . An outbreak of the virus in a flock of about 6,000 turkeys at Low Farm , in Fulstow , near Louth , \" unlikely to directly to the previous case \" at the nearby Austen Fen Farm , Defra . All restrictions around Austen Fen Farm on 18 January but still at Low Farm while an inquiry there . This latest case in Boston two days after bird flu in pheasants that at a farm in Wyre , Lancashire . The same strain in birds in Settle , North Yorkshire , a swannery in Dorset and flocks in Carmarthenshire , south west Wales . In December , the government an avian influenza prevention zone , which until 28 February , to poultry and captive birds from avian flu after the strain in 14 European countries Germany and France .", "The UNHCR returns \" unabated \" despite an agreement earlier this month . Under the deal , any returns would voluntary and only \" when conditions conducive \" . Cameroon the accusation and people willingly . to the UNHCR , more than 2,600 refugees forcibly to Nigeria from Cameroon this year . Many unable to back to their villages in Borno state for security reasons and up in camps for people . In some cases , the UNHCR , people \" without them time to their belongings \" . UNHCR spokesman Babar Baloch of \" chaos \" in the returns process and \" some women to their young children behind in Cameroon , a child less than three years old \" . Many of the returnees now in the Banki camp for internally people . UNHCR staff also about 17 people who to Cameroonian nationals , who it by mistake to Banki . It common in the region to people who no documentary proof of their nationality . Cameroonian Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma the BBC 's Focus on Africa programme : \" I strongly this accusation \" of returns . He the Cameroonian army \" hand-in-hand \" with the Nigerian army against Boko Haram and any civilians who to Nigeria so of their own accord . \" This repatriation place willingly ,\" he . The Cameroonian authorities previously Boko Haram militants the country as refugees . Militants out a number of attacks in northern Cameroon in recent years , often suicide bombers . The UNHCR return a serious violation of the 1951 Refugee Convention and the 1969 OAU Convention , both of which Cameroon . It on Cameroon to its obligations under the conventions and its borders open so as to access to territory and asylum procedures for people the Islamist insurgency .", "Annie Woodland , 24 , who in Essex , brain damage in the incident at Gloucester Park Pool in Basildon . A teacher and a pool life guard both to she in trouble . The family successfully Essex County Council who it not on individual cases but the High Court judgement . The tragedy in July 2000 when Ms Woodland a pupil at Whitmore Primary School in Basildon . At an earlier hearing , judges a victory against the county council would a \" chilling effect \" on the willingness of schools to pupils on educational trips . A Supreme Court judgement in 2013 this ruling and the way for a High Court hearing . Mr Justice Blake now lifeguard Debbie Maxwell and swimming teacher Paula Burlinson should Ms Woodland sooner than they . He Essex County Council liable for their negligence although neither woman directly by the council . Ms Burlinson 's failure to Annie in distress \" far below the standard of care reasonably to of a teacher \" , he . Ms Maxwell also negligent as \" she not sufficient attention to users in the water \" . The amount of compensation to Ms Woodland , who now in Blackpool , will at a later date . A spokesman : \" Essex County Council the judgement of Mr Justice Blake a trial on liability . \" The authority cannot specifically on individual cases and it would inappropriate to further therefore in respect of this claim . \"", "The UN media restrictions and violence the environment not conducive to free , credible elections . Unrest in April after President Pierre Nkurunziza he would for a third term - something protesters illegal . The president he to a third term because he for his first term , not . The presidential election for 15 July . East African leaders for a further two-week delay . Africa news : 7 July The electoral commission spokesman the BBC turnout for the parliamentary poll low in the districts of Bujumbura where there protests , but that in some provinces outside the capital it as high as 98 % . The party - the CNDD FDD - ahead in every province of the country , Burundi 's electoral commission . They 77 out of 100 seats in parliament , AFP news agency . The BBC 's Maud Jullien all of the country 's private broadcasters in recent months , and many civil society leaders the country their lives under threat . At least 70 and 150,000 people the country . on a coup and a crisis ... a music-sharing site 10.4m population 50 years - life expectancy for a man 2nd poorest country in the world 85 % Hutu , 14 % Tutsi 300,000 in civil war", "A judge the request because efforts to them through \" political channels \" , the lawyer . France , the former colonial power , not yet on the request . Mr Sankara 's widow and supporters repeatedly France of his 1987 killing because he a Marxist revolutionary . He by soldiers in a hail of bullets shortly before a meeting of his cabinet in Burkina Faso 's capital , Ouagadougou . Mr Sankara 's assassination to his second-in-command , Blaise Compaore , power in a coup . Mr Compaore Burkina Faso into a strong alliance with France , which close political , security and economic ties with many of its former colonies in Africa . Burkina Faso an investigation into the killing after he from power in 2014 . at a press conference in Ouagadougou , the family lawyer , Benewende Stanislas Sankara , an judge formally French authorities to military documents to whether France a role in the assassination . A request also to French officials who in Burkina Faso 's affairs at the time , the lawyer . Burkina Faso an arrest warrant for Mr Compaore in 2015 , him of involvement in Mr Sankara 's killing . He repeatedly the allegation , but to to Burkina Faso to trial . Mr Compaore in Ivory Coast , also a former French colony .", "People on the bridge to emergency services a man who into the Sanvordem river in Curchorem . Local media that more than 50 people on the bridge when it late on Thursday evening . The bridge reportedly more than 60 years old and from use . A local police officer the Hindustan Times that more people likely to \" under the collapsed bridge \" . Home Minister Rajnath Singh he also the rescue operation . South Goa MP Narendra Sawaikar the Goa Herald newspaper that \" it an unfortunate tragedy \" . \" The bridge must as the government it as a dangerous bridge and notices both the side of the bridge not to it . \" Right now the priority to the bodies ,\" he .", "The city also second in a list of Britain 's most congested cities , while Glasgow third . Only London worse than Scotland 's largest cities in the survey of the UK 's roads by Inrix Roadway Analytics . It that the jams could drivers in Scotland \u00a3 5.1bn in time over the next decade . The firm traffic hotspots in 21 UK cities in September 2016 . It the impact of the congestion by at the average duration of traffic jams , their average length and the number of times they . The research that the impact of Edinburgh 's 455 traffic hotspots second only to London and likely to drivers \u00a3 2.8bn by 2025 . Glasgow third in the same list - worse than Birmingham , Manchester and Bristol . It 357 hotspots could \u00a3 2.3bn over the next 10 years , Inrix . Researchers the time by drivers in traffic jams across the UK could \u00a3 61.8bn by 2025 if congestion levels not . And in their survey of 123 cities across Europe , London to more traffic \" pinch points \" than any other city . It also worst in an assessment of the impact of its traffic jams . Rome second and Paris third . Inrix chief economist Graham Cookson : \" Only by traffic hotspots and their root causes can we effectively congestion . \"", "John Kane more than 60 women in the Central Retail Park and a nearby supermarket last July . The 67-year-old also secretly children outside a nearby Next store . Kane on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing on 30 March at Falkirk Sheriff Court . Prosecutor Ann Orr the court that Kane to a memory card down the toilet at a police station after for drink driving . The memory card 60 short videos , between 50 seconds and three minutes . Mrs Orr : \" The recordings to of adult females at various shops in the Central Retail Park . \" The camera operator the camera to the females from the waist down , on their bare legs and in on their bottoms . \" The depute fiscal the memory card also three slightly-longer videos children between six and 12 . Mrs Orr : \" One child cartwheels , and the camera in on the crotch area . \" Mrs Orr the camera operator 's distinctive cream , leather-toecapped trainers and khaki shorts in shot in many of the videos . She Police Scotland an anonymous phone call from someone who \" concern \" over Kane 's behaviour . A search warrant for his home , and the khaki shorts and distinctive trainers in a bag in his spare bedroom . Kane police he \" a drink in him \" at the time the videos . if what he him , he : \" It at the time , but afterwards I ashamed about it . \" Kane , of Falkirk , a recording device to footage of women and children in a public place without their knowledge and consent between 15 July and 22 July last year . Sheriff Derek Livingston sentence for a risk assessment and Kane on bail .", "It the discovery of 115 people inside three small houses in Edinburg , close to the Mexican border . Police by a call from inside one of the houses . The property to padlocks and chains on the outside . People inside they not any food or water for three days , and some hospital treatment . Oscar Trevino , an Edinburg police spokesman , the BBC that it clear the people in the properties against their will . \" There no way that they could because the doors with burglar bars and from the outside . \" He officers to bolt cutters to those inside . The people from several different countries in south and central America . One man officers that they to the houses from the Rio Grande river , which the border between Texas and Mexico . He they with death if they not quiet .", "The Perth club the team-mates a club investigation . Wright BBC Scotland that \" if what \" to in fact \" we 'll down severely hard on both \" . Referee Don Robertson off both players during the break . Wright , whose side their top six place due to results elsewhere , he not the incident as he already up the tunnel the half time whistle . BBC Scotland reporter Jonathan Sutherland Foster a punch at Swanson , who by a kick at the defender after he . \" I n't it with my own eyes but obviously something ,\" Wright . \" I to and for myself . The players they themselves down , and the team down . We should our top six place tonight . \" Under no circumstance will they off lightly if what to . The hardest punishment I can legally with them , I 'll it . \" Media playback not on this device Wright angry that the incident his side up against it in the second half , and that the shine off the Saints a top six berth . \" It another great achievement the top six ,\" he . \" We a lot of character and should a penalty . ( Georgios ) Sarris arms all over Murray Davidson and that should a penalty kick . \" The boys magnificent and probably a point but they n't it . \" Hamilton player Ali Crawford a yellow card and assistant manager Guillaume Beuzelin to the stand after in the chaotic scenes that the incident between Foster and Swanson . However , manager Martin Canning BBC Scotland : \" I would rather about us . It not something you to , but it a passionate game and sometimes it over . \" My players well . I Darian MacKinnon just to them and things down . \" I n't I to any action against my players . \" Hamilton off bottom spot in the table thanks to the win , by a late Alex D'Acol goal . They 11th on 27 points , two clear of bottom club Inverness Caledonian Thistle . \" With 11 against 11 in the first half , I we excellent and we and a huge three points ,\" Canning .", "6 December 2014 Last at 09:15 GMT The Grammy Awards one of the most prestigious music ceremony 's in the world . Sam Smith , who the BBC 's Sound of 2014 in January , six nominations best new artist . His single Stay With Me also up for best pop performance and record of the year .", "Eid al-Fitr : ' festival of the breaking of the fast ' and it one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year . The date Eid on by the cycle of the moon , and this year it on Sunday evening . On the day of Eid al-Fitr , Ramadan and Muslims often by , gifts and a big feast with family and friends . you for your comments - this page now . I to my cousin 's and Eid with lovely clothes and tasty food ! Amaya , 10 , Bucks We to our friends house and a nice dinner ! Emilia , 10 , Braknell I will to my family and friends house to Eid , it will so fun , and I will a lovely dress . Husna , 9 , Derby I to my family and friends where we to an eid party and lots of delicious food ! Amna , 12 , Burnley I Eid with my Family and my Granny and Grandad I to yummy food a play with my cousins ! - I everyone a Happy Eid ! Eid Mubarak ! Abdul-Rafay , 10 , London Aslam Alaikum ! On Eid I to out and time with my family . Anayah , 6 , London I my time with my family and I ca n't to all the food that for me . Zainab , 10 , London Eid Mubarak ! Eid such a wonderful festival for muslims and everyone else and today me and my family will with our relatives and we will lots of yummy asian food . Nayim , 11 , London On Eid I out with my family , I a lot of money and it to really fun . Aisha , 12 , London Eid Mubarak ! We Eid with all our family by in our lovely clothes and lots of yummy food ! Aneesa , 8 , Stockport My family and I to to my cousins' houses , where will presents and some , we to asian food . I ca n't ! ! Tasnim , 11 , London I with my Daddima . I not sure what I 'll but I will happy with my Daddy and the rest of my family . Lana , 6 , Kent", "Officers to Lowe Street in Whitmore Reans , Wolverhampton at 17:00 GMT on Thursday when a 17-year-old boy with stab wounds . Several minutes later a second call to police when a shotgun twice in nearby Deveron Close . West Midlands Police the men , who now , to both incidents . The teenager in hospital in a stable condition , police . DCI Chris Hanson : \" We both of these offences and the result of a dispute between two groups . \" The shooting an argument between a group and a lone man with a gun . \"", "Vikki Thompson , 21 , dead in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015 with a ligature around her neck . Robert Steele the hearing in Wakefield Miss Thompson to him while in prison : \" I I to something silly . \" evidence he : \" I she should n't in a male prison . \" More stories from across Yorkshire The jury inquest also Miss Thompson , from Keighley , repeatedly prison and court escort staff that she would \" out in a box \" . Mr Steele he to her on the phone while she in prison and she him she to to a women 's prison that and her solicitors for her to a formal application to the governor . Mr Steele also he a letter from his partner which : \" I n't I can very long in here . I ca n't at night . I just like I wo n't here no more . \" I I to something silly . I n't to but I ca n't this . \" But , in a statement to the court , Miss Thompson 's mother Lisa Harrison her daughter not she a problem in a men 's prison . \" Vikki n't prison but who ? \" Ms Harrison . \" She never anything to me about it the wrong prison for her . \" The inquest Miss Thompson as female since she 10 years old but never any surgical or hormone treatment . She not a Gender Recognition Certificate her female identity so she to a men 's prison . Coroner Jonathan Leach the inquest would a number of issues the suitability of the \" prison accommodation \" . The jury that after an extensive risk assessment process Miss Thompson initially in E-Wing rather than A-Wing , where vulnerable prisoners , and on a one-hour suicide watch . Mr Leach this decision because it she might under more risk on A-Wing due to the number of sex offenders there . He she later to to A-Wing but by men in the segregation block below . The inquest that on the day she Miss Thompson TV at 19:00 GMT but at 20:00 she on the floor with the ligature round her neck and the alarm . The inquest , which to three weeks ,", "Accountant in Bankruptcy ( AiB ) 2,405 insolvencies between April and June - 7.8 % up on the previous quarter . There 1,144 bankruptcies , which up 14.7 % on the previous quarter and 51.1 % more than a year ago . However , AiB the figures a \" return to trend \" . A year ago , the number of personal insolvencies in Scotland to its lowest level for more than 14 years the introduction of the Bankruptcy and Debt Advice ( Scotland ) Act . The legislation new measures such as mandatory money advice for people access to statutory debt relief solutions such as sequestration . Although the latest bankruptcy figures sharply up on a year ago , they 41.7 % lower than the same quarter in 2013-14 and 34.9 % lower than in 2014-15 . Personal insolvencies both bankruptcies and protected trust deeds ( PTDs ) . The number of PTDs between April and June largely stable at 1,261 , a 2.1 % increase from the previous quarter . New debt payment programmes under the Debt Arrangement Scheme ( DAS ) slightly by 5.2 % on the previous quarter , to 510 . Quarterly figures for bankruptcies and PTDs since 2005-06 : Business Minister Paul Wheelhouse : \" These figures that people more accustomed to the new insolvency legislation and processes . \" We now the numbers down to a more regular pattern the significant , and , after the introduction of the new laws . \" to the same quarter from two years ago , prior to these changes , the number of people into insolvency today down by more than a third . \" This those most in need can the debt relief they to them on the road to a fresh financial start - but also that the long term movement a downward one . \" Eileen Blackburn , from insolvency trade body R3 , : \" This quarterly rise , mostly by an increase in bankruptcies , the wider downward trend in Scottish personal insolvencies we in past years . \" The number of insolvencies steadily since their peak in 2012 , and this quarter a return to more stable levels . \" The rise probably less with the EU referendum result , which only towards the very end of the quarter , and more to with ongoing difficulties in the Scottish economy and the end of the financial year in March . \"", "One of the 11 children how the trailer \" really fast down the hill \" at the farm in Nottinghamshire before it \" us off \" . Two members of teaching staff from Halam Primary and a farmer also in the accident on 11 March . The head teacher of the school . One of the children , Ben , he frightened and the other children . \" The trailer like really fast down the hill and it sideways and it us off ,\" Ben . When how it him , Ben : \" It like sad . \" Ben 's mother , Sheree Cockayne , he to since it and nightmares and flashbacks . Mrs Cockayne , who about the accident by a school nurse , : \" I to the QMC ( Queen 's Medical Centre ) and Ben in . He blood all over his face . \" He just there really shocked . He to in [ hospital ] overnight for observation every four hours because he concussion and really sick . \" He still bruises to his head , his ribs and his chest , so he still a few pains . \" Nottinghamshire County Council another child from hospital after a check-up and one into hospital later in the day for a scan , then . A teaching assistant a wrist , a teaching student a head wound stitches and the farmer , who also in the trailer , his shoulder . The assistant will off work for four weeks . The children on a trip at Hills Farm in Edingley and the accident on Carver 's Hollow . Nottinghamshire Police the incident , rather then the Health and Safety Executive , because the area where it a highway . The force anyone with information to them . Hills Farm in Edingley , where it , it would not while an investigation ongoing . The school 's head teacher , Paul Nolan , : \" We very sorry this unfortunate incident and we the children and adults who a speedy recovery . \" This incident the whole community and everyone each other as a result . \" Marion Clay , the council 's service director for education standards , : \" This an trip for reception pupils and as far as we at this time all the appropriate procedures out . \"", "Tens of thousands of pilgrims him for the Way of the Cross ceremony , Jesus' crucifixion . Among the cross bearers Syrian and Iraqi refugees , and Nigerians who Boko Haram persecution . The service a day after almost 150 people in an al-Shabab attack on a Kenyan university . \" We still today our persecuted brothers , and for their faith in you [ Jesus ] , before our eyes and often with our complicit silence ,\" Pope Francis , over the ceremony at the Colosseum . Earlier , he the attack in Kenya , where Christians out and , as an act of \" senseless brutality \" . In another Good Friday ceremony , Pope Francis as the Vatican 's official preacher Raniero Cantalamessa the \" disturbing indifference of world institutions in the face of all this killing of Christians \" . He too the Kenya attack , as well as the beheading of 22 Egyptian Coptic Christians by Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Libya in February . Pope Francis out against the persecution of Christians before , that the world would military force to the \" unjust aggression \" by IS .", "President Evo Morales a contingency plan , which $ 700,000 in extra funds for fumigation . The swarm first over a week ago near the eastern city of Santa Cruz , where most of Bolivia 's food and meat . It quickly , pasture and fields of corn and sorghum . The authorities more than 1,000 hectares of agricultural land by the locusts . The government fumigation must straight away . \" We will a 500-metre-wide ring around the area and fumigate inside , alongside the local authorities ,\" Bolivia 's Agriculture Secretary , Mauricio Ordonez . Mr Morales due to Santa Cruz province on Friday .", "Sir Gareth a ceremony at Windsor Castle on Thursday , after in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list in June . The 68-year-old former scrum half 53 caps for Wales from 1967 to 1978 . He also 10 caps for the British Lions' series in New Zealand and South Africa . At 20 he Wales 's youngest captain , and during his era the Welsh side the Five Nations Championship Originally from Gwaun-Cae-Gurwen in the Swansea Valley , Edwards his playing career with Cardiff RFC . In 1974 Edwards BBC Wales Sports Personality of the year . After his retirement in 1978 , he Captain on the popular sports quiz , Question of Sport . He now as a pundit for both the BBC and S4C . He married to his childhood sweetheart Maureen and they two sons , Owen and Rhys .", "The second defeat in four games Gordon Strachan 's men fifth in Group F and the manager further questions about his future . Former Scotland striker Steven Thompson his marks out of 10 for the display . No chance with goals but little else to other than the ball out of his net . A surprise choice but the Derby winger well he n't in his natural position . Scotland 's best player on the night after a long absence from the international scene . a real threat forward and tirelessly . better than in Slovakia and unlucky at first goal after a good block . a great chance to , to the target from a free header . a rare start and well to England 's danger men quiet for large periods . The captain 's desire and work rate never in question but he loose in possession too often . Back from his short-lived international retirement but for how long ? The Celtic captain the midfield energy and aggression as . Largely ineffectual . n't on the ball enough to a positive impact . Again , a surprise inclusion his lack of game time at West Brom . a glorious opportunity to the game early in the second half , a shot wide from near the penalty spot . Another player guilty of the ball away too often . some threatening set-pieces . Really should not long after Forrest 's miss when he a good sight at goal . the line well with positive energy in the first half . However , a poor decision not to in Snodgrass on a good counter-attack . in the second half as Scotland meekly . The game over when he on , very difficult to an impression . On for the Anya . Not much to since England content to the ball and n't much of a threat . Too late to an impact .", "The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) male bear Arktos in with female Victoria at its Highland Wildlife Park near Aviemore . Polar bear cubs last in the UK almost 25 years ago . Arktos one of two male bears at the park at Kincraig in the Cairngorms National Park . The pair could together for about two weeks . Arktos will eventually to an enclosure he with the other male , Walker . RZSS captive breeding an important part of a wider effort to polar bears , which as \" vulnerable \" on the International Union Conservation of Nature 's Red List of Threatened Species . However , animal welfare organisations OneKind Scotland and Born Free Foundation climate change to better wild bears should the focus of conservation efforts rather than captive breeding . RZSS , which also Edinburgh Zoo where efforts to giant pandas , Arktos and Victoria several times so far . The society the pair would together for the next week or two \" what would naturally in the wild \" . Vickie Larkin , head carnivore keeper at the park , the pair to well since . She : \" Both polar bears really to each other and all the signs really positive . \" From the first moment they , Arktos really gentle with Victoria and their bond immediate . \" Polar bear breeding inherently complex as the species ovulators , that the female only an egg after initial mating . They also delayed implantation , where the egg n't into the uterine wall until some months later . \" Ms Larkin : \" If successful , Victoria will not pregnant until August to September time . \" Other key stages her the birthing den in October to November and potentially birth in December to January . Any cubs would then not out of the birthing den until March to April 2017 . \" Arktos at the park in April 2012 from a zoo in Hannover , Germany . When health checks , park staff to Arktos in German , the language he when he in the zoo in Hannover . Victoria , who to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark last year and in an enclosure about a mile away from the males , previously cubs in 2008 .", "Martin will Bruce Anstey in the team , who last year 's race . McGuinness on his way to a third straight victory before a technical issue , and eventually fourth . The team the duo , who will also team-mates at Honda at the TT races , will the first 120 + mph lap . McGuinness still the lap record for the class of 119.279mph ( 18:58.743 ) , which he on way to victory in 2015 . Martin , from Grimsby , last year 's TT and North West 200 to in the 2,712-mile Tour Divide mountain bike race in the United States . The 35-year-old not since multiple vertebrae and a sternum in a crash in the Dundrod 150 Superbike race in 2015 . The truck mechanic and TV personality still for his first TT victory , on the podium 16 times .", "The animal , to a juvenile minke whale , about 4m long . It first on Thursday morning and to healthy and content . Minke whales one of the most common in our waters . It it may in in pursuit of fish in the channel . A fully-grown minke can to 9m in length . The harbour authorities with experts in the Northern Ireland Environment Agency , and to the animal for several days in the hope it to open water . There no immediate grounds for concern over the animal 's health , the Department of Agriculture , Environment and Rural Affairs ( DAERA ) . \" Minke whales the waters around the mouth of Belfast Lough , but young or inquisitive animals will , on occasion , closer inshore ,\" a spokesperson . \" However , our Marine and Fisheries team will to the whale 's behaviour in conjunction with colleagues from Belfast Harbour Commissioners . \" The animal currently in a well-regulated area within Belfast Harbour where there no risk of disturbance . \" The whale not in an area that easily viewable by the public , however , as a marine-protected species , people to any views they fortunate to of this remarkable animal but not to or anything to it ,\" the statement .", "Sandra Bland during a traffic stop on film . She dead three days later . The 28-year-old 's death and the video footage of her arrest outrage . The officer , Brian Encinia , with allegedly about it , a prosecutor after a day of grand jury discussions . Hours later , he from his job . The grand jury out the officer 's affidavit as behind their decision , special prosecutor Shawn McDonald . In that affidavit , Mr Encinia that Ms Bland \" combative and uncooperative \" after he her over . The argument after she to out her cigarette and he she out of her car . Video footage the police officer his stun gun and Ms Bland with the words : \" I will you up ! \" After the argument off-camera , she that he about to her wrists and she that her head against the ground . Mr McDonald grand jurors Mr Encinia 's statement that he \" her from her vehicle to further a safer traffic investigation \" to false . Soon after the indictment , the Texas Department of Public Safety \" termination proceedings \" would immediately . Ms Bland 's death three days after her arrest a suicide and the sheriff 's officials and jailers of any crime . But it national headlines for days amid a debate about the police use of force against African Americans . The perjury charge a maximum sentence of one year in jail and a $ 4,000 fine .", "It Barack Obama 's famous \" four more years \" tweet . When Obama the message after in 2012 , he history by more than half a million times in a few hours and previous records . It now more than 750,000 times . But the One Direction tweet from 2011 in which Louis Harry \" always in my heart \" now more popular , more than 780,000 times . Both still a long way to to the famous Oscar selfie by Ellen DeGeneres . So far that more than three million times . @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The court a Chilean prison sentence for Hartmut Hopp , a German citizen in his seventies . Hopp with Paul Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer , a former Nazi soldier who the commune in southern Chile 1961 . Residents and as virtual slaves for more than 30 years . Hopp 's lawyer he will against the sentence . Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer also with the government of Augusto Pinochet whose secret police the colony around 350km ( 215 miles ) south of the capital , Santiago , as a place of torture and to \" \" his opponents . Germany last year it would its files on the sect , and the foreign minister at the time , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , that the diplomatic service to the abuses . The scale of the abuses only to light after Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer a series of lawsuits in 1997 . He Chile and in Argentina in 2005 . He in Chile of sexual abuse of children , weapons possession and human rights violations . He in a Chilean jail in 2010 at the age of 88 .", "By convention these relatively uncontroversial and something nice about your predecessor despite political differences with them . Cardiff North Labour MP MP Anna McMorrin some warm words about the Conservative whose job she . \" I how hard Craig to the constituency over the past two years ,\" she MPs on Monday . Gower Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi n't Byron Davies by name but on Thursday : \" I would also to tribute to my predecessor who the constituency to the best of his ability . \" Ms McMorrin on to her analysis of the Brexit referendum vote - her city to in the EU . \" The vote in many parts of Wales not a vote against Europe or the concept or the reality of the European Union ,\" she . \" It a vote against politics\u00e2 \u20ac\u201d against the reality of the decisions here . \" The cumulative impact of benefit cuts and reductions in public spending the poorest hardest , so I to my time here to up against a austerity where the richest people the poorest people to the price . \" She her name to an amendment to the Queen 's Speech for the UK to inside the single market and the customs union . \" Ms Antoniazzi her speech to fracking and ministers to off the Swansea tidal lagoon . She also on her own heritage . \" My Italian family name in the Gower constituency ,\" she . \" The introduction of cafe culture to the people of South Wales predominantly from the families of Bardi - and yes , you ice cream to me for . \" Business Secretary Greg Clark her he some of that ice cream while for her predecessor . A friend that \" Gower \" and \" Tonia \" for more than 20 times on her daughter 's tablet computer . \" When she her mother , n't it amazing that we somewhere that anyone can an MP you n't to rich , you n't to to a posh school you just to hard . \" And with more than 20 years as a teacher Amelie 's words so true for the schoolchildren of Gower , Wales and the United Kingdom because ambition critical ,\" she .", "The Campaign for Real Ale ( Camra ) the award to the George & Dragon at Hudswell , near Richmond , North Yorkshire . The pub , the village 's only community facility , in 2008 . It in 2010 after residents the Hudswell Community Pub Ltd group and \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 to the building and land . more about this and other stories from across North Yorkshire The group by the Plunkett Foundation which community co-operatives in rural areas . Camra the George & Dragon a warm and welcoming atmosphere and a strong community ethos . The pub a small shop , library , community allotments and free internet access . Paul Ainsworth , from Camra , : \" The George & Dragon a great example of how a pub as a true community asset . \" The pub 's current manager , Stu Miller , he thrilled to the award . \" It that hard work , good beer and the support of the community can you goals that impossible only a short while ago ,\" he . Runners up in the UK-wide competition the Salutation Inn in Ham , Gloucestershire , the Stanford Arms in Lowestoft , Norfolk , and the Swan with Two Necks in Pendleton , Lancashire .", "An \" in-depth investigation \" will into claims by Veracruz governor Miguel Angel Yunes Linares on Monday , the Ministry of Health . He fake medicine and in state hospitals under his predecessor Javier Duarte . Mr Duarte on the run from the authorities since October . The former governor , who in 2010 , not since a week after he down amid allegations of corruption . He with crime and money laundering , but there calls for the Attorney General 's office to criminal charges to the latest accusations . On Monday , Mr Yunes Linares a press conference that an investigation into malfeasance and corruption under Mr Duarte medical fraud . ` We tests on a medication to children , a paediatric chemotherapy that n't really a medication , it an inert substance , practically water ,'' he . \" This really to us a brutal crime , an attempt against the lives of the children . We our analysis and , at the appropriate time , we 'll legal complaints . \" Mr Yunes Linares also there inadequate tests for HIV detection and the existence of outdated medicines . The allegations Mexico . \" It absolutely inhuman , criminal ,\" Senator Roberto Gil Zuart , to Mexican news site Quadratin . Mexico 's Secretary of Health Jos\u00c3 \u00a9 Narro Robles to on \" the persons or companies \" if irregularities or responsibility , the ministry in a statement on Wednesday .", "Their last home game , a 4-0 win over Droylsden , 142 supporters and after staff and players , the Tigers with \u00a3 21 profit . Last week , the club an appeal for \u00a3 25,000 so they could \" in a solvent position \" until the summer . \" There fans out there but if they n't back then we not to a team ,\" Hughes . The club 's owner , Eamonn McGurk , the club financially since they to a tax bill of more than \u00a3 80,000 in the 1990s . It his investment to more than \u00a3 1m , in addition to the planning costs for a new ground . The Blue Square Bet North club without a home for six years after their Meadow Park ground by flooding and their nomadic status a major part in their financial difficulties . They with local clubs Forest Green Rovers , Cirencester and most recently Cheltenham Town - where they since 2010 . But Hughes their move out of the city , and the historical rivalry the Tigers with Cheltenham , fans to their local club . \" If I \u00a3 10 for every time I to someone who ' I to Gloucester but I not to back until you to Gloucester ' , I 'd probably able to the club ,\" he BBC Gloucestershire . \" There always this rivalry across the divide but Cheltenham a Football League club now and that what we always to to . \" We fortunate that Cheltenham us to a ground share - they could no . \" Gloucester \u00a3 40,000 a year to at Whaddon Road , but recently with eviction after to payments . The issue close to and Gloucester to a deal in place next week to in Cheltenham for next season 's campaign . Plans for a new stadium at the Meadow Park site to Gloucester City Council in 2011 , but yet to . \" It me so frustrated ,\" Hughes . \" There a lot of money on reports etc [ for new stadium ] and it . \" It difficult . We tired and we just something we can our hat on . We something that will investors and us . \"", "Captain David Seath , 31 , a fire support team commander in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery . He a cardiac arrest while the course and later in hospital . He to rest a funeral in St Margaret 's RC Memorial Church in Dunfermline . Hundreds of mourners at the church for the service , which by parish priest Father Chris Heenan . Capt Seath originally from Cowdenbeath in Fife . Maj Jim McCaffery , 7 ( Sphinx ) Commando Battery , which in Arbroath , the service : \" It with great sadness that here today to farewell to Captain David Seath . \" David an inspiration to all of us . I genuinely could not for a finer officer . \" He will sorely and our thoughts and prayers with his family . \" During the service , Capt James Walker-McClimens a tribute on behalf of Capt Seath 's brother , Gary . He the mourners : \" David my hero and my inspiration . I so proud to that he a Captain in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery and that he his country with distinction in Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" Words ca n't how proud I to him as he his tours of Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" I so much about David 's tours of duty , the strong bond of comradeship he in the Army as well as the many plans he for the future . \" There no words to how devastated I that this story so tragically , with so many chapters unwritten . \" A family notice in the Dunfermline Press the service would a \" celebration of David 's life \" and mourners to bright colours . Capt Seath ill at the 23-mile mark while part in the race . his death , Capt Seath 's friends and colleagues to to money for Help for Heroes and the final three miles of the marathon course . More than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 to a JustGiving page in his memory while about \u00c2 \u00a3 80,000 for the charity on his own page .", "Aodhan Woods just 17 when he up , in a cupboard and to several sexual assaults . Now 19 , he his right to anonymity as his attackers . Darren Fu , of Drumart Walk in Belfast , will half of his 11-year sentence in jail . His co-accused who cannot six years , half on licence . The unnamed abuser 17 at the time of the offence and a restriction in place which his identity from public . The attack place on 30 May , 2014 when Mr Woods to Fu 's flat in the Stranmillis area of Belfast . A previous hearing in the case Fu him to drugs and he worried before the flat because he not enough . The attack almost immediately and the court the pair him to \" exceptional degradation \" , him at knifepoint , him with cigarettes , and seriously sexually him . The ordeal a number of hours before they the teenager , who then police . outside court , Mr Woods : \" I I to that night . I will never what . \" He it as the \" worst experience of his life \" . \" I n't what to and what they to . The whole ordeal just terrifying . \" He with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after the attack but he not himself \" as a victim \" . \" I out to other people that it okay to and the police if you sexually . I people to the courage to forward and the support that they . \" Mr Woods his family and friends and the police for him through the criminal justice process . \" I would to anyone else who sexually , n't afraid , n't it . The only way to forward to someone and you 'll soon there so much support . n't afraid to out . \" The teenager the sentences to his attackers . Fu guilty to four charges - namely false imprisonment , two counts of sexual assault , and rape . His co-accused six counts false imprisonment , two counts of sexual assault and rape .", "Jasim Khadijah a rocket expert who attacks , Col Steve Warren . Last month a US soldier and several others when a base by US troops by IS . It the second US combat death since the US first the group in 2014 .", "\" This definitely not the Oscars ,\" 22 Jump Street star Jillian Bell on the red carpet in Los Angeles . As well as fan-voted awards like best kiss and best shirtless performance ( Efron it - again ) the ceremony also an unofficial promotional platform for this summer 's blockbusters . The night 's big winner The Fault in Our Stars , which best movie . The film 's star Shailene Woodley also up best female performance , the Trailblazer Award and best kiss for a scene with Ansel Elgort . Woodley an emotional speech to John Green , the author of the book which the film on , \" he this world a beautiful masterpiece \" . Other winners Bradley Cooper , who best male performance for his role as the late Chris Kyle in American Sniper . The 40-year-old actor : \" Chris Kyle would 41 four days ago . Chris , this for you ,\" Cooper . Channing Tatum home best comedic performance for 22 Jump Street and Meryl Streep up best villain for her role in Into the Woods . Jennifer Lopez , Jennifer Lawrence , Seth Rogen and Rose Byrne also among the winners . Kevin Hart , who the target of many size-related jokes throughout the night , his kids on stage to the comedic genius award . He : \" I it all for them . I to a legacy behind . \" In one of the more energetic moments of the show , Robert Downey Jr his fellow Avengers stars to their knees while the Generation Award . Scarlett Johansson , Chris Evans , Chris Hemsworth , Mark Ruffalo and Jeremy Renner all the stage to their co-star with the award , which Downey \" the recognition I so \" . Clips from the upcoming Pitch Perfect sequel , Judd Apatow 's latest comedy Trainwreck and Marvel 's new film Ultron during a look ahead to this summer 's releases . @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The 24-year-old summer signing himself in training on Friday as he to a shot and will a consultant this week . He Ryan Brunt and left-back Gary Sawyer as long-term absentees . \" It a huge blow , any players we in the squad that very disappointing for us ,\" manager Derek Adams BBC Radio Devon . Spencer first choice in the central striking role of the League Two leaders an injury to on-loan Bristol City forward Paul-Arnold Garita , who just to fitness . \" He and Garita in that area this season and the ball up and well for us ,\" Adams Saturday 's 3-0 home loss to Grimsby . \" It hard to as a manager because you that you somewhere and then something , it like a roadblock , it very difficult to these things , so it hard to . \"", "The Colombia international , who not since October a thigh injury , in the squad by new loan signing Alexandre Pato . The 29-year old just one Premier League start since on a season-long from Monaco last July . Former AC Milan forward Pato , 26 , for Chelsea last week on a six-month loan from Corinthians . However , the Brazil international not since November as he to full fitness a series of injuries . Chelsea interim boss Guus Hiddink also new Matt Miazga in both his Champions League and Premier League squad lists for the second half of the season . The United States defender , 20 , Chelsea on a four-and-a-half-year contract from New York Red Bulls last week . Falcao , who with a deadline day move to former club Atletico Madrid , in Chelsea 's 25-man Premier League squad . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini on Monday that Nigerian forward Kelechi Iheanacho , 19 , will Samir Nasri in City 's 25-man Champions League squad . France international midfielder Nasri , 28 , for at least another two months on the sidelines a hamstring injury and tendon surgery in November . Clubs in the knock-out stages of the Champions League to European football 's body Uefa with their squad lists by Tuesday night , but Arsenal yet to publicly any changes to their 25-man squad . The Gunners to one change , with new midfield Mohamed Elneny , 23 , defender Mathieu Debuchy , 30 , who Ligue 1 side Bordeaux on loan until the end of the season .", "It its mother and in shallow waters off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia . Tourists then and the animal rather than help for it . Equinac , a local NGO , \" selfishness \" the dolphin \" suffering and stress . \" The organisation , which to marine wildlife in the area , in a Facebook post ( in Spanish ) : \" The animal to the curious who to and it . \" \" These animals highly ; to them , to them , to them and to them by law , and we always for respect and consideration . \"", "The men , aged 26 and 24 , in a house in Melrose Street when three men with a knife , hammer and batons their way into the property just before midnight on Saturday . After the men , the gang with a sum of cash and personal items . They also a number of windows . The men in the house medical treatment for their injuries . Police for anyone with information to them .", "Areas in Counties Londonderry , Antrim and Down . A spokesperson for Northern Ireland Electricity an equipment fault at 21.40 BST . All properties power their power by 22.14 BST .", "The 64-year-old with critical injuries in Luxfield Road , south-east London , at about 02:10 GMT . He dead at the scene . A 52-year-old man on suspicion of murder close to where the victim . The man and the victim each other but not , the Metropolitan Police . The victim 's next of kin .", "But the council to up a group to \" outstanding design issues \" . The cycle route will Leith Walk in the east of the city to Roseburn in the west , via the city centre and Haymarket . The plans four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two , and half a carriageway and a bus lane for cyclists . Supporters of the path it vital for congestion and would a safe route across the city . They it would also more active travel . But residents and shop owners in the Roseburn area loading bays to way for bikes would a huge impact on trade , and that traffic lanes could congestion at Roseburn . The council the new group would up to outstanding design issues with the plans . It work would immediately to further funding and to \" preparations to the necessary statutory processes for the scheme \" . A final decision will after the the group 's discussions . Transport convener Councillor Lesley Hinds the council still \" 100 % \" to the project but it opinion . She a new group would to to a conclusion on the final route design \" which the majority happy with \" . Ms Hinds : \" the strength of feeling out there about certain aspects of the plans , there clearly still work to before the final route design . \"", "The 2014 winner Pineau De Re among those to the cut for the famous Aintree race . Lower-rated horses out , with The Romford Pele the number 40 slot . There no withdrawals in Thursday 's final declaration stage . Four reserves on standby should any runner out before 13:00 BST on Friday . your sweepstake kit here Pinstickers' guide Many Clouds 7-1 favourite ahead of 10-1 chance The Last Samuri and 12-1 Silviniaco Conti . Coverage of the race , over 30 fences and nearly four-and-a-half miles , to by 600 million people worldwide . Organisers back the time of the race by an hour to 17:15 BST in an effort to further the audience . The National a handicap chase , with each runner a different weight to by the official handicapper Phil Smith . Some trainers with the tricky task of to their contenders well enough to a rating which a run , without a big weight that their chances . Pineau De Re now in the twilight of his career , at the age of 13 , and his rating . No horse of that age the National since Sergeant Murphy in 1923 . The British Horseracing Authority it open to the entry system ahead of next year 's National . Top weight Many Clouds will to the first horse since the legendary triple victor Red Rum in the 1970s to back-to-back runnings . Victory would jockey Leighton Aspell , who also aboard Pineau De Re two years ago , the first rider to three years . Media playback not on this device Officials modifications to the fences , and other alterations , three years ago safety . Since the changes , there no fatal injuries in the National itself , although two horses in other races at the three-day meeting last year .", "Thousands of animals , many of them , part of the count which by law as part of the zoo 's licence . Important details about each and every individual down so that the zoo can worldwide breeding programmes . Newsround 's Martin to the zoo , which over 400 different species , to out how it .", "Another user in the dark web - a part of the internet where guns , drugs and child abuse images - police , a spokesperson . The boy 's body subsequently in the cellar of a house in Herne , North Rhine-Westphalia . Police the 19-year-old suspect may . Searches out in towns near Herne , which in the Ruhr area , a heavily region . Reports the suspect , who on the run , a martial arts enthusiast .", "Voters should the option to in the EU if they unhappy with the result of Brexit talks , she . The party also electoral pacts with fellow parties in a \" number \" of constituencies , she . Ms Lucas the Greens' only MP and the Liberal Democrats not to her Brighton Pavilion seat . She to the number of MPs who will moves for electoral reform and to or seats against the Conservative Party . \" Discussions on in a number of constituencies . Whether that will any results , I ca n't you - this space ,\" she at an election event in Hackney , London . The Lib Dems previously a \" limited number \" of local parties similar deals ahead of the June 8 election . Bristol West and the Isle of Wight among the Green Party 's target seats , as it for a second MP . the party 's policy on Brexit , Ms Lucas leaks and reports during the weekend about Brexit talks between Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker \" our worst fears really - that Theresa May into these negotiations utterly unprepared , completely arrogant and not how the EU \" . \" In the days the EU referendum , the Green Party for the British people to a further say on the details of any Brexit deal and we by that position ,\" she . The Green Party that the 2016 referendum result an instruction to the government to Brexit talks , she . But it should the \" start , not the end \" of the process , with people a say on the final deal - an option to within the European Union , she . The Lib Dems also a second referendum on the Brexit deal . Theresa May that the Conservatives would \" a success \" of Brexit and to MPs a vote on any deal that between the UK and the EU . Jeremy Corbyn Labour would not a referendum on the final deal , but MPs to a decisive say on it .", "Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust by the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) in March 2015 . A re-inspection in April this year it \" positive progress \" in some areas , but improvements still . The safety of patients at high risk of suicide inadequate but now . The trust currently about 27,000 patients across the county and more than 2,000 members of staff . Dr Paul Lelliott , deputy chief inspector of hospitals for the CQC , there now \" good care \" for the population by the trust . \" We staff patients with kindness , dignity and respect ,\" he . The use of volunteers and therapy dogs , as the patient-run caf\u00c3 \u00a9 and the range of job opportunities , gardening and car valeting . In March 2015 patients at risk of suicide not to safe , but the trust it now \" ligature risks \" , which points which someone could to themselves . \" Heat maps \" also to patients at high risk of suicide . Dr John Brewin , trust chief executive , : \" I pleased that the work of all of our staff . \" Our staff a real focus on high-quality care for our patients and this latest report testament to that commitment . \" Improvements in the areas of care plans , staff supervision , bed availability and delays in patients psychological therapies , the CQC . The trust also to good relationships with the community and police .", "The 33-1 shot , by David Mullins and by Mouse Morris , at Aintree in April to the first novice to the race since 1958 . The nine-year-old , by the Gigginstown House Stud , twice from a pelvis . \" We n't to him back to Aintree with a big weight , that would n't fair ,\" Gigginstown 's racing manager Eddie O'Leary . \" He us with our first Grand National and we 'll never him . \" BBC horse racing correspondent Cornelius Lysaght : \" As the first Grand National winner for owner Michael O'Leary's Gigginstown House Stud as well as the first novice chaser to the race in nearly 60 years , Rule The World his place in history . \" Though he highly respectably at Punchestown after Aintree , O'Leary already that , serious injury to one of the great pinnacles , he perhaps his bit . \" What a season for Gigginstown , with success at Aintree , in the Irish National and Cheltenham Gold Cup , but at a price . Rule the World and there doubts whether Gold Cup winner Don Cossack will again . \"", "Adam Mitchell to in a pub in Inverness' Baron Taylor Street on Wednesday night last week . Police Scotland CCTV images him near the Harry Fairbairn BMW garage on Longman Road at 00:52 on Thursday . Coastguard and police helicopters and the RNLI 's Kessock lifeboat in searches of Inverness Harbour and Beauly Firth . The effort up on searches earlier last week . Family and friends Mr Mitchell 's failure to to his home in the Culduthel area out of character . Mr Mitchell as 5ft 11in in height , stocky build with long mousy brown hair and a beard . When last he a black leather jacket , a denim vest , black jeans and boots .", "The actor , who to millions as Coronation Street binman Eddie Yeats in the 1970s and 1980s , \" peacefully in his sleep \" on Friday night . It a \" long courageous battle \" with prostate cancer , his family . Hughes , who on the Isle of Wight , also for his roles as Twiggy in TV comedy The Royle Family and Onslow in Up Appearances . He he prostate cancer in 2009 , but it after at home in 2010 . Hughes first in 1960s shows such as Z-Cars and The Likely Lads . He the voice of Paul McCartney in the Beatles film Yellow Submarine . Other roles Vernon in Heartbeat and Uncle Keith in teen drama Skins , in episodes of Doctor Who , Casualty , Boon and The Upper Hand . A Coronation Street spokeswoman : \" We very sad to of the death of Geoffrey Hughes . \" He a legendary and iconic character in Eddie Yeats who will always part of Coronation Street . Everyone with the programme our sincerest condolences to his family . \" Coronation Street star William Roache , who Ken Barlow , : \" I so sorry to about Geoffrey . He a warm , lovable actor , with great comedy timing . \" He will greatly , one of the Street 's memorable characters . \" Helen Worth , who Gail McIntyre in Coronation Street , : \" Geoff a very dear friend for many years , and I very sad to the news of his passing . \" He a master of gentle comedy and pleasure to so many people . He will sadly . \" Sally Lindsay , who barmaid Shelley Unwin in Corrie , on Twitter that her first TV job Twiggy 's girlfriend in The Royle Family , \" and he so kind RIP lovely man x \" . Hughes Deputy Lord Lieutenant for the Isle of Wight in 2009 , the official link between the island and royalty at formal events .", "Jamie Taggart , from Argyll and Bute , to from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area . He not since 2 November , when his rucksack and passport at a guest house in Sapa . Mr Taggart , 41 , Linn Botanic Gardens in the village of Cove on the Rosneath peninsula and the area as a firefighter . Local police and the British embassy in Hanoi about his disappearance . Friend and fellow botanist Ian Sinclair , who with the search parties , they by horrendous weather . \" The snow to , but there a massive amount of snow damage to the forest such as trees ,\" he . \" The weather horrendous , with snow down to Sapa . This extremely unusual as Sapa upper tropical rainforest . \" A large group from the national park will an intensive search once the snow . \" A search due to on Tuesday will on four trails inside the forest of Lai Chau and Lao Cai , he . Family and friends of Mr Taggart in his hometown of Cove an appeal for funds to the cost of the search . A Facebook page - Jamie Taggart Search - also up . Organisations and individuals so far thousands of pounds , six-year-old Annie Ferguson of Cove who her \u00c2 \u00a3 14.50 savings . The botanist 's father , Jim Taggart , out his son missing when he to on a flight home to Scotland on 29 November . He at a guest house in Sapa on 30 October and on a motorbike taxi to the hills . On 2 November his rucksack and passport at the accommodation . Dr Taggart previously BBC Radio Scotland that he a handful of text messages from his son before contact . \" I n't he . Either something to him on his first day on the hills or there some explanation we can only at ,\" he . A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesman : \" We still in close contact with the local authorities and consular assistance to the family at this difficult time . \"", "The RAC the higher prices due to a combination of crude oil prices , and the devaluation of the pound after June 's Brexit vote . Average petrol prices by 4.4p to 116.7p per litre and average diesel prices 5.2p to 118.7p per litre . The motoring body these the biggest monthly increases for three and a half years . Its fuel spokesman , Simon Williams , retailers \" no choice \" but to up prices on garage forecourts . \" The effects of the weak pound really on the wholesale market , and this , with an oil price at nearly double its lowest level in 2016 , significant upward pressure on wholesale fuel prices ,\" he . \" Certainly , we a long way from the remarkably low fuel prices by families and businesses early in 2016 , when the average price of unleaded around 102p per litre and diesel 101p ,\" he . to the RAC , the increases it now \u00c2 \u00a3 64.20 to the 55-litre petrol tank of a typical family car . Meanwhile it \u00c2 \u00a3 65.25 to up a similarly sized tank in a diesel car . The RAC that the price of fuel might in the months . \" Opec , which some of the world 's biggest oil producers , recently in principle a cut in production ,\" Mr Williams . \" But a final deal still to at an Opec meeting at the end of this month and , with some analysts a deal might yet , this open the prospect oil prices might or even before the end of the year ,\" he .", "East Oxford residents about the behaviour of Oxford Brookes students on nights out . In the letter Andrea Siret , head of community engagement , students could disciplinary action . One resident the BBC he often students \" \" . Ross Clark : \" We students over cars in our street , stupid things . \" At two o'clock in the morning they all past in shopping trolleys , . It n't a good thing . \" When you terrible [ neighbours ] you in trouble . \" The letter students to \" consideration to their neighbours , students through residential areas to venues , as quite often residents \" . It : \" We particularly concerned about the volume of complaints we ... we that the majority of these complaints by students on their way to or from a night out . \" The university its responsibilities as a neighbour within the community very seriously . \" All students at Oxford Brookes University , as a condition of enrolment , that they will not in a way that the university into disrepute . This students in private-rented accommodation . \" Oxford City Council Oxford 's universities a target of no more than 3,000 students each in private accommodation . However , 3,747 Oxford Brookes students private homes last year , with many in the east Oxford area .", "Four wards to visitors at Arrowe Park Hospital , Wirral , on Monday before the ban on Thursday . The ban not Wirral Women and Children 's Hospitals . Gaynor Westray , director of nursing and midwifery at the hospital , the decision \" in the best interests of our patients \" . She : \" The safety of our patients paramount to us and it never an easy decision to but this will us the spread of this highly contagious bug . \" The hospital also the public to not its accident and emergency department if they symptoms of the bug . Norovirus - which vomiting , stomach cramps , fever and diarrhoea - easily from person to person . Symptoms usually between 12 to 48 hours after a person , with most healthy people a recovery within one to three days . Arrowe Park not an indication of how long the ban likely to in effect .", "Two men , aged 23 and 24 , a noxious substance over them at 19:00 BST on Tuesday on Roman Road , Bethnal Green , east London . Rahad Hussain , 23 , with with intent to grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon , namely acid . He in custody when he at Thames Magistrates' Court . Mr Hussain , of no address , no indication of a plea . He due to at Snaresbrook Crown Court on 29 August .", "The Tribunal de Commerce SeaFrance 's future after a bailout by the French government illegal by the European Commission . The court also an offer by a cooperative of employees not acceptable . Hundreds of jobs in France also to . Three ferries by SeaFrance on the Dover to Calais route . The service in November . Conservative MP for Dover and Deal Charlie Elphicke : \" It a real concern for the ... people in Dover who for SeaFrance and also their families . \" This a difficult day and I the heart of the whole community out to them . \" Obviously it a real blow , [ if ] SeaFrance n't that there less ferry traffic . \" There tears from SeaFrance workers who outside the court in Paris to the decision on the firm 's future . Many over the handling of SeaFrance 's fate , with one banner why French president , Nikolas Sarkozy not to the company . Flares in protest at the company 's liquidation . Eurotunnel not out a future bid for the cross-channel ferry firm , which nearly 1,000 people . Mr Elphicke of Eurotunnel 's proposals : \" Many people will to that they n't simply to them [ SeaFrance 's ferries ] in order to them . \" We to sure they a clear plan as to why they interested in the ferry business and not simply to out capacity . \" Everyone as hard as they can to that their jobs will and as hard as they can to that those ships will back on route with a new buyer and a new purchaser . \" A spokesman Eurotunnel would \" now to what the fair value of the assets \" before any decision . The French firm into receivership in 2010 and its company 's ferries more than 3.5 million passengers a year on the Dover to Calais route . A spokeswoman from SeaFrance : \" SeaFrance sad to that the Tribunal de Commerce in Paris the decision to the company . \" Despite the best efforts of all parties , the court to the difficult conclusion that none of the options available to it financially viable . \" Provision to that all customers with pre-existing bookings will refunds . \" She customers to SeaFrance for details .", "His solicitor Julia Cooper Surrey Police to a statement that he to the murder . Bellfield , 47 , a whole-life prison sentence in June 2011 for the schoolgirl . Surrey Police it a letter from Bellfield 's solicitors but it by its statement on the confession . Milly while on her way from school to her home in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , in March 2002 . Ms Cooper Bellfield , now as Yusuf Rahim , a \" covert tape \" may to his response to a police interview in prison . She \" my client a confession \" . She to Surrey Police the tape recording and notes from the meeting . Ms Cooper Bellfield her very soon after Surrey Police its press statement to the Dowler case . She Bellfield all the crimes for which he . Last month , Surrey Police Bellfield the admission during an investigation into whether he an accomplice in the abduction and rape , but not murder , of Milly . The force it by its original statement . A police source to the BBC would not on how the admission . Milly 's body 25 miles away from where she , in Yateley Heath , Hampshire . Experts could not how she . Bellfield guilty of and the teenager a trial at the Old Bailey where a judge him as a \" cruel and pitiless killer \" . He already in jail for the murders of Amelie Delagrange , 22 , and Marsha McDonnell , 19 , and the murder of Kate Sheedy , 18 , when he on trial of Milly . He 50 yards from where Milly but not a suspect until he by police in London for the other crimes in 2004 . On Wednesday , the Dowler family details of Milly 's final hours , they aware of her suffering last year after Bellfield to police .", "It plans to fines initially , and only to criminal charges for repeat offenders . Selling , and the drug will illegal and the move must still by parliament . to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , almost 9 % of Israelis cannabis , though some experts the figure to higher . The move recommendations by a committee up to the issue , and by a number of US states and European nations to use of the drug . \" On the one hand we ourselves up to the future . On the other hand , we the dangers and will to the two ,\" Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu his cabinet ahead of the vote . Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked : \" Israel cannot its eyes to the changes across the world in respect to marijuana consumption and its effects . \" Meanwhile , Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan that the move \" an important step on the way to a new policy that will education and treatment instead of criminal enforcement \" . Under the new system , first-time personal users who and will 1,000 shekels ( \u00c2 \u00a3 220 ; $ 270 ) , with this doubling on the second occasion . Probation will the third time and only a fourth case would to criminal charges . Israel one of the world leaders in research into medical use of marijuana .", "The 24-year-old striker , who 25 Premier League goals last season , down the most lucrative contract offer in Everton 's history in March . \" I n't to at the same level . I to and I where I to that ,\" Belgian Lukaku on Monday . Former club Chelsea , who he originally for in 2011 , favourites to a deal for Lukaku . The Premier League champions , Manchester United and Bayern Munich with a move for Lukaku , who at Everton since 2013 . \" We now to the club . I what , but I will the talks to my agent ,\" he to journalists after Belgium the Czech Republic in a friendly in Brussels . \" I what , but I ca n't you anything more . \" What I would most to in the Champions League and to the Premier League once . Or better - a few times . \" Lukaku by Mino Raiola , the agent who Paul Pogba 's \u00a3 89m move to Manchester United last summer .", "The rock legends' set out on the BBC World Service as part of Alexis Korner 's Rhythm and Blues programme and from an AM radio in Europe . It the band 's only recording of the track Sunshine Woman . The session recording with help from guitarist Jimmy Page for inclusion on a new compilation . The Complete BBC Sessions , which will in September , a update of a 1997 collection of tracks for the BBC between 1969 and 1971 . It eight previously recordings , the first broadcast of Stairway To Heaven , from the BBC Paris Cinema in London on 1 April 1971 . Versions of songs from the band 's first two albums also , Communication Breakdown and What And What Should Never . in 1968 , Led Zeppelin on to one of the world 's biggest bands , with each of their studio albums the top 10 of the US Billboard charts . They officially in 1980 , the death of drummer John Bonham . The members for a 2007 concert in London , with Bonham 's son Jason drums .", "The woman to hospital after the incident a male inmate at Maghaberry Prison , near Lisburn , on Monday . Adrian Smith from the Prison Officers Association ( POA ) BBC News NI the woman one of the newer prison officers . He he she with a weapon \" from a razor \" . \" She an approximately three inch deep cut below her left ear ,\" he . \" With the ever budget cuts , I this will more often ,\" he . A Prison Service spokesperson : \" The Prison Service utterly this attack and the incident to the PSNI \" .", "Royal Mail that on what it Take-back Tuesday there will a rise of more than 50 % in returns against December 's daily average . Clothing and footwear the most likely items to . People also to to shops at lunchtime to back gifts , but may issues a refund . Catherine Shuttleworth , from consumer analysts Savvy Marketing , the BBC : \" The problem for many people will that without a gift receipt they will not able to a return at the retail price at which an item originally . \" Prices in the Boxing Day and January sales , and there also likely to very mixed stock available if shoppers to and an item , as it unlikely a product will available on the shelf . \" It not only shoppers who could problems - there also issues for the companies themselves . \" It challenges for retailers in terms of additional staffing for returns and that returns policies to ,\" Ms Shuttleworth . \" This year , returns by the high level of discounting before Christmas when many gifts - so retailers the challenge of their [ profit ] margin on returns . \" You can also to long queues in retailers at exchange points , which never a desirable position for the retailer or shopper . \" out more about your rights Most online clothes shoppers something back Royal Mail 's figures for the surge in returns on the number of parcels by its Tracked Returns service , which by more than 1,000 e-retailers . A Royal Mail survey of 1,517 UK online shoppers , at the number of items back , that 30 % of them women 's clothes , 17 % men 's clothes , 16 % footwear and 7 % children 's clothes . And in a separate survey of 1,505 online shoppers in the UK , 38 % that a free returns policy likely to them more shopping in this way . The highest volume of returns through Royal Mail in the last financial year place in January 2016 .", "Simon Hamilton if they the highest standard of health and social care , then the current configuration of services not to . Mr Hamilton no punches in his first keynote address in his new role . He the real challenge the absence of political agreement on the future of health and social care . Mr Hamilton the worries that reform will to the closure of facilities . But he that its and population Northern Ireland to things differently . In a speech with lots of plain talking , the minister attachments to the bricks and mortar of the National Health Service [ NHS ] must not as a barrier that people from the best healthcare . Instead , he on people to change and the NHS to with the times .", "Melissa Morton , 12 , among 34 pupils at Brentwood School in Essex aboard a coach that into a motorway bridge near Middelkerke , West Flanders . Her father Keith Morton she \" very by it all \" . The school some staff still hospital treatment , but all pupils due back in school next week . The coach , which to Cologne in Germany for a languages trip , a bridge on the A18 ( E40 ) near Middelkerke during the morning of 28 June . Driver James Chance , who for a coach firm in County Antrim , Northern Ireland , . A second driver also . Two boys who badly , with one head injuries and another a leg , both back to the independent school to their friends , a spokesman . He some teachers , one who a collarbone , to hospital treatment and due to for a number of weeks until they could to work . Some pupils and staff also counselling . Keith Morton , whose daughter Melissa unhurt , BBC Essex she still \" emotionally not quite right \" . \" There some teary situations and sleepless nights and it still quite a shock for her ,\" he . \" There one occasion when she to into a coach and very disturbed by it all . \" The school 's second master David Taylor he to police in Belgium and it \" to a long process \" to out what the crash , but he he would still trips to .", "Daly two seasons at Ibrox after Tannadice , where he since pre-season . \" I would never never ,\" the 32-year-old of the possibility of for the Scottish Premiership club . \" If they to me and interested , I would definitely it . \" Daly six years at Tannadice and as club captain . \" I currently at Dundee United ,\" he BBC Scotland . \" When pre-season about and I still n't a club , I manager Jackie McNamara and if I could in . \" They a good club with some fantastic young players . \" I would never never , but United would to me first . \" The United States to a possible destination for Daly . \" I probably further afield than Scotland ,\" he . \" I abroad . \" At the moment , there a few clubs interested , but they their full forum of players so they to maybe one or two of them before they can . \" It like January before the foreign market can about , so I might to something short term until then . \" Daly no regrets about his move to Rangers , who the Ibrox side Scotland 's third tier before to the bench for much of last season in the Championship . \" I out of contract with Dundee United and at the time they only to a one-year contract ,\" he . \" When I to Ally McCoist , they to two years . \" A lot of people you down the divisions , which a fair point , but it to a club of Rangers' stature , history , fan base , at Ibrox every second week and training at Murray Park every day . \" I just delighted to to a club like that and for a man that I really in Ally McCoist . \"", "The man - as a 30-year-old Pang - in the southern Guangxi region and back to the capital , Xinhua . Pang a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec , three times faster than the official limit . A video of his feat in August soon an internet sensation in China . In April , two men a Ferrari and a Lamborghini as they what reports a \" real-life Fast and Furious \" race in the capital , to the film franchise . The drivers later to five and four months in jail .", "It just 8 % of councils enough to half of their stock through the scheme , which council tenants to their homes . The charity there a danger of some areas no affordable homes . The government it committed to 275,000 affordable new homes over the course of this parliament . Right to Buy first in the 1980s under Margaret Thatcher 's government and a boost in 2012 when discounts for tenants to \u00c2 \u00a3 75,000 . In this year 's Queen 's speech the government the scheme to 1.3m housing association tenants in England . Shelter , which at provisional figures from the Department for Communities and Local Government , just two of the 166 councils in England as properties through Right to Buy in more than 100 % of the properties . Under policy , the government that each home after 2012 would . The charity 's chief executive Campbell Robb the problem of not enough council homes only likely to worse , some areas with no affordable homes . \" At this rate they 'll soon black-spots across the country where no-one on a normal income can to ,\" he . 1. North Kesteven 187 % 2. New Forest 128 % 3. Waverley 89 % 4. Barking and Dagenham 88 % 5. Winchester 81 % 6. Ipswich 80 % 7. Tandridge 79 % 8. Castle Point 71 % 9. Hounslow 64 % 10. South Cambridgeshire 59 % The Local Government Association ( LGA ) , which councils in England and Wales , many council housing programmes by complex rules and restrictions on the use of receipts from sales of homes . LGA housing spokesman Peter Box : \" It imperative that councils the powers to housing through Right to quickly and effectively as part of the Spending Review . \" Councils to able to 100 % of receipts from sales while Right to discounts should locally so they the cost of houses in the area . \" Mr Box the LGA this would councils to 50,000 homes over the lifetime of the next Parliament . The government nearly 40,000 new homeowners since it discounts for council tenants in 2012 . A spokesman : \" Councils to the requirement to one for one replacements within three years , and over 3,000 replacement homes already across England . \" We absolutely clear that if councils not one for one replacements for the additional homes under Right to the government will . \"", "If law , the measure will a 20 % ceiling on any foreign stakes in Russian media , those indirectly through Russian partners . Russia 's main media outlets or by loyal oligarchs . But top Putin ally Sergei Zheleznyak Russia \" an information war against the country \" . Russian TV news the Ukrainian government of clashes in eastern Ukraine through acts of aggression , indiscriminate shelling of civilians . The Kiev government pro-Russian separatists for the violence , and Russia it by soldiers and heavy weapons to the rebels . The media bill to before Duma ( lower house ) deputies on 23 September , Itar-Tass news agency . The restrictions would to magazines and internet publications as well as newspapers and broadcast media . The bill highly likely to law as it by MPs who usually the pro-Kremlin group United Russia . BBC Monitoring that foreigners directly stakes in some Russian mainstream media :", "The futures of Aston and Coventry stations by West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority . The authority , which it buildings for a \" modern-day \" fire service , its budget earlier . Plans to Aston 's Ettington Road fire station , which in 1923 , will before planners . Phil Hales , deputy chief officer of West Midlands Fire Service , Aston residents would as part of the planning process . The authority that Coventry 's Radford Road station , which in 1976 , expensive to and . A new station at Aston could around \u00c2 \u00a3 7.5m , while the Coventry scheme could an \u00c2 \u00a3 6.7m . English Heritage it to on the proposal to Aston fire station if the plan forward . \" Aston fire station at Grade II in 2010 and as a carefully-designed building which well with its surroundings and a powerful symbol of civic pride ,\" a spokesperson .", "A woman out of the vehicle and an unknown man in and the car . Police it at Boucher Crescent in south Belfast at about 17:25 GMT . Members of the public to the car but the man on foot . A short time later a man in his 30s and in custody . The two children unharmed .", "The 31-year-old the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season . Tubbs could his Eastleigh debut in the National League game at Kidderminster on Tuesday . Ex-Bournemouth striker Tubbs five goals for League Two side Portsmouth this season but he not for Pompey since October .", "Administrators' reports around \u00a3 7m of \u00a3 10.25m to Northampton Town by the local borough Council to 1st Land Limited . A total of \u00a3 2.65m then to David Cardoza and his father , Anthony . David Cardoza to , : \" I under confidentiality so ca n't . \" A report from March this year a dispute between the Cardozas and 1st Land , which since into administration , over the money . The Cardozas it a \" Joint Venture Fee \" - money to one party to out a project - but 1st Land it a loan . It unclear what since to the money . The \u00a3 10.25m loan originally to the League Two club for the redevelopment of the new East Stand at Sixfields Stadium , along with a hotel and conference centre - none of which . Contractors Buckingham Group to out the works , with 1st Land to the development . When the company into administration , it Northampton Town \u00a3 7.3m and Buckingham Group more than \u00a3 2m . The Cardozas and fellow businessmen , Howard Grossman , his son Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick , as directors of several firms with business links to 1st Land and a second company to the development - County Developments ( Northampton ) Limited or CDNL . Many of these companies into liquidation . Howard Grossman as the only director of 1st Land ; which by another Grossman firm , County Group . The administrators' report also payments of \u00a3 314,000 to Howard Grossman for his salary ; \u00a3 1.475m to County Homes ( Herts ) Ltd and \u00a3 233,000 to County Cemetery Services Limited . The director of County Homes also Howard Grossman . County Cemetery Services two current directors : Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . David Cardoza a director of the company until August last year . It also into administration - but not before a sale agreement with a company Centurion Infinity Limited ; whose directors Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . After the collapse of 1st Land , CDNL over the job of the Sixfields development . Its current directors as David and Anthony Cardoza , while Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick directorships in January . That company now also liquidation . The club a winding-up petition , due to on 16 November , from HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) .", "Mr Philippe , 48 , after as a guest on a radio programme in Port-au-Prince last week . He to the US to the long-standing charges . Dozens of his supporters the hearing in Miami , his release . Mr Philippe recently to his country 's senate , \" We here to Senator Guy Philippe . We all like he innocent ,\" Haitian Senator Evince Francois . \" We here to him we up behind him . We this all politics ,\" he the Associated Press news agency . Until last week , the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) Mr Philippe as a man on charges of conspiracy to cocaine and money laundering His arrest , on 5 January , days before he due to in as a senator , which would him some immunity from prosecution . Campaign group Human Rights Watch him of extra-judicial killings . Mr Philippe , Haiti 's former police chief , any wrongdoing . He part in the 2004 rebellion that President Jean Bertrand Aristide from power . The new Haitian Senate , in November , in on Monday , with new president Jovenel Moise due to office on 7 February . Haiti by interim President Jocelerme Privert since February 2016 when Michel Martelly down at the end of his term .", "Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust 285 full-time vacancies across three sites , which Surrey and Berkshire . The high cost of living in the south of England to a factor recruitment . Each successful applicant will a maximum of \u00a3 1,340 in subsidies . Nurses will accommodation at Wexham Park Hospital in Slough , Frimley Park near Camberley and Heatherwood Hospital in Ascot . Marko Novosil from Croatia to a nurse at Wexham Park after about the incentive . \" The crucial thing for here the support . I that when I I would the free accommodation which me in \" , he . Wexham Park Hospital matron Helen Noakes : \" Rental prices higher in this area , which people and the one thing that we can people the free accommodation when they . \" Longer term we would to them somewhere in the local area to . \" Currently the average monthly rent for a one-bedroom property in Slough \u00a3 897 , whereas the average for the same sort of property in Camberley \u00a3 930 . The average cost for a room in both areas from \u00a3 500 to \u00a3 550 .", "Those two builders , police officers and municipality officials . The apartment building down on Thursday . Correspondents building collapses common in India , with poor construction practices often . In pictures : Mumbai building collapse There huge demand for housing , and corruption often to cost-cutting and a lack of safety inspections , correspondents . Police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi the builders for allegedly bribes to police and municipal officials to the building in the Mumbai suburb of Thane without any official sanction . Mr Raghuvanshi on Sunday that the nine would formally with culpable homicide and death by negligence , once the investigation into the accident . If , they sentences of up to life in prison . Most of the victims of the Thane collapse poor daily wage earners at the site , and their families . The dead 30 children and 18 women . Building work at the block even though four floors already . One police official the BBC that the collapse to by the use of substandard building material . Witnesses the construction of the building just six weeks ago , since when seven floors . The eighth floor under construction . In a similar collapse in 2010 , 69 people in Delhi .", "The 22-year-old first professional club Wigan Athletic after four years , 19 senior appearances . County boss Jim McIntyre Chow as \" a box-to-box midfielder with great athleticism \" . \" He through Wigan 's academy system and great energy ,\" the manager . The Dingwall side Hamilton Academical on Saturday , two of their three Scottish Premiership matches so far . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "Fox the last five years as chief commercial officer at Premier League rivals Arsenal and Paul Faulkner , who Villa Park in July . \" I delighted and even by Tom 's interest in the job ,\" owner Randy Lerner , who the club up for sale in May but yet to a buyer . \" His reputation as a leader and team builder him , to my mind , a great fit to our club forward . \" Fox with the Gunners since 2009 and more than 25 years' experience of sports marketing to Villa . \" Aston Villa always an important club in English football and it a long and rich history of success at the top of the game ,\" Fox . \" The chance to the club to its rightful place in the Premier League a challenge I really by and greatly forward to . \"", "Interest and participation hugely in recent years across the country , to the Outdoor Swimming Society . Eighty outdoor swims over the 2015 season , with most place on Christmas or Boxing Day . Safety advice by the society for the first time . Spokesman Will Cairns it more people to part this year in the sea , rivers and lidos . \" What interesting this year the temperature of the water . \" It three to four degrees higher in certain places than it this time last year . Temperature a part . \" He overall membership numbers from 15,000 last year to 25,000 this year and that 40 % of members now actively throughout the winter . \" The Christmas swims very much to the British psyche of something different , something slightly weird and wonderful ,\" he . - not part if you pregnant , from asthma or a heart condition . - warm before the swim and your warm clothing at the last minute . - in feet first , not first , and your breathing before your shoulders . - low expectations of how long you will in for or how far you will - off and on layers within ten minutes of out Charlie Hoskin , 33 , from Cornwall , herself as a \" granite-fleshed cold-water enthusiast \" who always in the sea at Christmas . \" The sensation truly electrifying . It a great way to your constitution and your immune system ,\" she . Daniel Fox the Exmouth Christmas Day swim since 2007 . \" Its massively busy now and the atmosphere amazing . Costumes wilder and there more and more people part ,\" he . \" There about 1,000 swimmers , thousands of spectators and tens of thousands by webcam too so we a worldwide audience \" . Brian Thomas from the Serpentine Swimming Club in London : \" We a huge growth in numbers over the past five years \" . He its Christmas swimming race tradition in 1864 and about 100 people usually part after a strict vetting process . \" in a wetsuit \" he , although that the club \" strict guidelines \" sure participants .", "The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) the three of their gold medals , in Beijing in 2008 . They among eight athletes for doping - the latest to under a retesting programme . The International Weightlifting Federation ( IWF ) last year any nations with three or more positive tests would for a year . The IOC hundreds of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games , new techniques to cheating that undetected at the time . Cao Lei , 33 , gold in the women 's 75kg weightlifting event at Beijing , Chen Xiexia , 34 , the women 's 48kg and Liu Chunhong , 31 , successful in the women 's 69kg . All will now to their medals . The retests last year but the sanctions - by the IOC on Thursday - will the way for the IWF to . The IWF new measures before last year 's Rio Olympics to down on doping in the sport . Its executive board \" national federations to three or more anti-doping rule violations in the re-analysis process of the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games shall for one year \" . Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan , Russia and Belarus already by the IWF . The other five athletes to by the IOC : \" The protection of clean athletes and the fight against doping top priorities for the IOC ,\" a spokesperson ,", "Research by The Local Data Company ( LDC ) and the University of Stirling the average retail vacancy rate from 14.5 % to 13.7 % . East Kilbride the highest rate of all Scottish towns , at 33 % , while Inverurie the lowest , at 1 % . The study that 40 % of Scotland 's empty shops vacant for more than three years . It also that town vacancy rates at twice the rate of Scotland 's cities . The most improved towns Anstruther , Clydebank , Dumfries , Inverkeithing , Lochgelly , Peterhead and Pitlochry . Five towns vacancy rates at less than 6 % for the last three years - Inverurie , Ellon , North Berwick , Dunbar and Biggar . At the other end of the scale , rates in five towns above 22 % over the last three years - Banff , Dumbarton , Cumbernauld , East Kilbride and Ardrossan . Dundee the highest proportion of persistent vacancy , at 11 % . Anstruther to the highest proportion of independent shops ( 86 %) , while Gretna the lowest ( 5 %) . Leisure an increasingly significant presence in cities and towns , for 39 % of total stock in Edinburgh and Glasgow . Leisure businesses also for more than 30 % of shops in Renfrew , St Andrews , Lochgelly and Fort William . Aberdeen the highest proportion of charity shops for a city , at 4.2 % , while Penicuik in Midlothian the greatest proportion of charity shops for a town , at 8.9 % . Matthew Hopkinson , director at the Local Data Company , : \" The report important trends as well as common perceptions that towns ca n't . \" Of particular significance that in many Scottish towns almost 40 % of the vacant units vacant for more than three years . \" Such a stark figure obsolescence and a major barrier to healthy and sustainable places and communities . \" The study into the health of high streets in more than 100 cities and towns north of the border .", "Lufthansa an appeal to a Frankfurt labour court , but a further legal challenge that could late into Tuesday evening . The pilots' strike , over a pay dispute , will around 100,000 passengers , Lufthansa . The industrial action part of a long-running pay dispute at Lufthansa . The pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit ( VC ) 14 strikes since April 2014 . Short and medium-haul flights from Germany will from 00:01 to 23:59 local time ( 23:01-22:59 GMT ) . Flights by Lufthansa 's other airlines Eurowings , Swiss , Austrian Airlines , Air Dolomiti and Brussels Airlines not by the strike , the airline . Pay talks between the Vereinigung union and the German airline down earlier this month , and Lufthansa the union \" consistently the offer \" of mediation . The union for a 3.7 % pay rise for 5,400 pilots back to 2012 . Lufthansa , which competition from budget rivals , a 2.5 % increase over the six years until 2019 . Meanwhile , a separate dispute with cabin crew at Lufthansa 's low-cost subsidiary , Eurowings , it to more than 60 flights on Tuesday .", "The leak at the Worthy Farm site in Somerset in June 2014 and water quality and fish . Founder Michael Eavis , who at Yeovil Magistrates' Court , the sewage in a \u00a3 100,000 slurry tank . The Glastonbury Festival one of the UK 's biggest music events , with some 175,000 people each year . During the hearing , the judge that 42 fish by the sewage after a \" large quantity \" of sewage into Whitelake River . Sensors in the stream the Environment Agency to ammonia levels . The court fish - brown trout - as a result . Glastonbury Festival 2014 the single charge against it . , Kieran Martyn : \" The impact extensive ... It for at least 4km downstream . \" the festival , Kerry Gwyther , the leak in the tank a \" freak incident \" and not as serious as out . \" We n't that it a major incident as by the agency ,\" he . \" The leak period eight hours . We that there a significant effect on water quality and the fish health . \" Significant costs not in terms of a clean up . \" The case now while both parties together more detailed background reports . Outside court Michael Eavis : \" Of course , I exceedingly sorry for what . \" We a problem obviously - there 200,000 people and we slurry . \" It a tank for farm slurry , but on this occasion we it for the festival sewage and it to . \" It a brand new build , it me \u00a3 100,000 , so that my defence . \" Another issue yet to the seriousness of the breach . If it a category one offence , the festival would in line for a fine of between \u00a3 55,000 to \u00a3 300,000 or , if it a category two the fine would \u00a3 20,000 . The defence team the court any fine should in line with the company 's finances . They the festival 's net profit \u00a3 84,000 a year before tax . But the prosecution turnover about \u00a3 37m . Mr Gwyther the site \u00a3 2m in 2015 to a number of charities , the Somerset Wildlife Trust and WaterAid . District Judge David Taylor there \" significant differences between one account to another \" and there would a four-day hearing to the facts before sentencing . Kasabian , Dolly Parton and Metallica the festival in 2014 .", "Spaniard Valdes , 34 , eight appearances for Liege since in January , them the Belgian Cup final in March , but currently . In a statement , Liege they to their younger players for the rest of the season . Valdes' current contract with United will this summer . Former Barcelona player Valdes with United manager Louis van Gaal in July before a move to Turkish club Besiktas the month . Never to the latest Man Utd news ? You can now United and all the other sports and teams you to your My Sport home .", "The shadow education secretary the GCSE system to academic and vocational subjects . In a motion in the House of Commons , he will for a \" new political consensus \" on education policy . \" We a long-standing mismatch between the education system and the labour market ,\" Mr Hunt . Mr Hunt to a more \" constructive \" approach to opposition after Labour 's general election defeat . The motion in the House of Commons will the common goals of to education to economic growth and on the government to a cross-party review \" to exams , educational institutions and curriculum \" . Mr Hunt to a political consensus on away from the current GCSE system , which he to when the age to 18 and these no longer the final school-leaving exams . The shadow education secretary a broader baccalaureate system both vocational and academic exams . But such a change would to over a longer period than the next Parliament - and Mr Hunt 's move an attempt to \" a conversation \" . Mr Hunt that the exams system no longer the skills for the labour market . \" We a new political consensus to it right . That why I on the government to a cross-party review of 14-19 education in this country . \" We should nothing off the table . Our only goal should consensus on the changes in our 14-19 education system to for our country the long-term economic growth and productivity that we to . \" Education Secretary Nicky Morgan during the election campaign there would no more \" constant upheaval or constant change \" in the next five years . The major changes to the exam system and curriculum , in the previous coalition government , will during the next Parliament . These in a more \" rigorous \" set of GCSEs and A-levels , with less coursework and modules and a greater emphasis on exams at the end of two years . On Tuesday , the education secretary that the grading system for GCSEs would a tougher pass mark than at present .", "Caterpillar the world 's largest manufacturer of heavy construction equipment . The firm operations in Larne , Newtownabbey and west Belfast . Caterpillar 's Northern Ireland business 1,800 people and mainly diesel generators . The firm by a global downturn in mining and oil exploration which demand for its products . It that the company may cuts across its global operations beyond Northern Ireland . It already thousands of jobs worldwide since last year as part of a major restructuring programme . Since 2011 it more than 1,000 posts in Northern Ireland and some work to factories in China . It night-shifts , with staff to official news on Thursday . Caterpillar to on any jobs announcement yesterday . But a spokesman : \" Caterpillar committed to regularly and directly with our employees about the business environment and any changes \" . Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in MP for West Belfast Paul Maskey yesterday : \" Uncertainty over the future of Caterpillar 's operations in the north will no doubt distressing for workers and their families . \" \" It vitally important that management all employees up to date with the latest information as soon as possible ,\" he . The American company FG Wilson in 1999 . There significant manufacturing job losses in Northern Ireland over the past year , Michelin , JTI Gallahers and Bombardier .", "An IoD report , Ultrafast Britain , the UK behind many European nations when fibre optic cables that the fastest broadband connections . It for faster broadband access for homes and business . A government spokesperson most UK homes can \" superfast \" broadband . \" Almost nine out of ten UK properties access to superfast speeds and 95 % of the UK will by 2017 ,\" a spokesperson for the Department for Culture , Media and Sport the BBC . But the IoD the target should higher and for speeds of 10 gigabits per second ( Gbps ) by 2030 , 1,000 times faster than the current official aim of 10 megabits per second ( Mbps ) by 2020 . \" Now the time to a bold new target for genuinely world-beating broadband ,\" Dan Lewis , senior advisor on Infrastructure Policy at the IoD , and author of the report . \" We the internet economy in the G20 , and yet speeds mediocre and the coverage of fibre optic cable woeful . \" He : \" Unfortunately , the Government 's current target a distinct poverty of ambition . \" Mr Lewis the government to at how the UK could the physical infrastructure to a position \" at the forefront of digital innovation in business \" . IoD members for the report that better broadband speeds could their company 's productivity , them more competitive , and them to more flexible working to their staff . The IoD report just days after communications watchdog Ofcom BT must up its cable network and competition to UK internet connections . Ofcom also there a digital divide in the UK between those with the latest technologies , and those without . It that decent , affordable broadband should a universal right . Rivals for a split between BT and its Openreach operation , which its cables , fibre and network infrastructure . Companies such as Sky , Vodafone and TalkTalk , who to the network , that BT in Openreach , to a poor service with interruptions and slow speeds .", "Fire , police and coastguard teams to Butley Creek near Orford , Suffolk , on Wednesday by a member of the public who the supine figure of a man in the water . The \" body \" out to a work of art A Thousand Tides , which at the site for more than a year . A Suffolk Police spokesman the work as \" quite realistic \" . more Suffolk stories here The sculpture , by artist Laurence Edwards , to only at low tide and to eventually . However , Mr Edwards it \" on the surface longer than it should \" . He : \" I always a bit worried that a helicopter would it and to it . \" To someone it a real person a great achievement , although I would to to the poor person who it in . \" The sculpture a gift to the area from Mr Edwards , who a studio and foundry nearby for 15 years until spring 2016 before to Halesworth . Mr Edwards' website his work \" to justice to the locality and its history , by it with large figures that the ravages of the water and the elements . \" Suffolk Police they Butley Creek , : \" Police a call from a member of the public what they to a body in the river . \" The fire service and coastguard also to , but a short while later this actually to a sculpture . \" A Thousand Tides reminiscent of Antony Gormley 's Another Place installation on Crosby beach in Merseyside , which 100 bronze figures out over the Irish Sea .", "Adrian Simut , 35 , to Newport train station , where he he a 14-year-old girl Sam . But he by so-called \" paedophile hunters \" and later , Newport Crown Court . He to a child to in sexual activity and a child after online grooming . He also guilty at an earlier hearing to to a child to a sexual act . The court Simut the teenager in an online chat room in June , she \" cute and beautiful \" . But she in fact an adult to a group Petronus . The operation on film by the BBC Wales Week In Week Out programme , which the role of paedophile hunters in Wales . The court that Romanian national Simut to \" Sam \" in Newport and she a friend for sexual activity . him , Judge Michael Fitton QC : \" You the subject of an exchange by those who to paedophiles . \" He also the subject of an indefinite sexual harm prevention order . Paedophile hunting groups criticism from both the Home Office and police , who it inappropriate for the public to undercover work . They anyone with information to instead it to them instead .", "Shepherd Murombedzi the hosts cold to in Harry White and the former Barnsley forward no mistake to Solihull in front after nine minutes . White could it comfortable for Solihull just before the break , but he unable to the target after George Carline 's neat flick him through . Bromley frustrated as Brandon Hanlan and Mark Goldberg decent chances . And Solihull on when debutant Daniel Udoh up two yellow cards to off with five minutes - just eight minutes after off the bench . Report by the Press Association Match ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Second Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Joe Anderson ( Bromley ) the yellow card for a bad foul . Jack Byrne ( Solihull Moors ) the yellow card for a bad foul . Liam Daly ( Solihull Moors ) the yellow card for a bad foul . Substitution , Bromley . Bradley Goldberg Blair Turgott . Oladapo Afolayan ( Solihull Moors ) the yellow card for a bad foul . Substitution , Bromley . Jordan Wynter Lee Minshull . George Carline ( Solihull Moors ) the yellow card for a bad foul . Jordan Higgs ( Bromley ) the yellow card . Substitution , Solihull Moors . Oladapo Afolayan Regan Charles-Cook . Substitution , Bromley . Louis Dennis Connor Dymond . Second Half Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . First Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Goal ! Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Harry White ( Solihull Moors ) . First Half . Lineups and players up .", "The ex-Cabinet Minister his Yeovil seat in May 's general election after 14 years as the constituency member . Mr Laws , 49 , will as executive chairman of Centre Forum but still various job opportunities two months on from his defeat . He himself as not to \" navel gazing and endless holidays \" . In his first full interview since the election , the former Minster for the Cabinet Office , Minister for Schools and Chief Secretary to the Treasury his dismay at the \" tsunami away lots of Lib Dem MPs \" on 8 May . \" I extremely disappointed and upset for people like my staff who in my office for years and years . I very sorry on their behalf ,\" he . \" I it [ the scale of the defeat ] that it n't quite as personal\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 when you all of your colleagues over like ninepins then it something that it much more difficult to anything about . \" But the disappointment clear to as the former investment banker the media scrum and the count with barely a word to reporters . integral to the negotiations that to the formation of the coalition government in 2010 , he \" and \" to the same again . Instead , he home to . His new job for Centre Forum , a liberal policy think-tank , will up two days a week but he to a full-time plan by the end of the summer . \" I already one role as chairman which I very pleased about as it will me to forward my interest in education and education policy , and I to other people about other work I may next ,\" he . But that plan will not for election again . \" I already the view that four terms in parliament , I in May this year , would about the right amount of time to ,\" he . \" I n't that MPs should on forever and I it not therefore likely that I would again as a member of parliament . \" Despite the loss of the Yeovil seat to the Conservatives , he optimistic of the seat by his party . \" In areas like Yeovil where we big and strong base at the local government level and a national presence for many years I would that there every chance we can back the Yeovil constituency at the next general election in 2020 and I 'll everything I can to our new candidate to the next MP . \"", "One skeleton earlier this week , but now nine graves . The remains in the process of from underneath the area previously as the venue 's mini conference room . They to from a Quaker burial ground that before the Royal Pavilion Estate . Alan Robins , chair of Brighton and Hove City Council 's tourism , development and culture committee : \" The remains now carefully and will to more about the before or . \" He the Royal Pavilion Estate site \" so many strong historic links \" and the find \" another important addition to the city 's rich cultural story \" . Darryl Palmer of Archaeology South-East , which the dig on site , : \" This a significant find that a light on an important historical moment in the city . The Quaker meeting house and cemetery at the Dome on the Bishop 's map of 1803 and by the OS town plan of 1876 . \" The best clue as to when worship and burial when the Quaker meeting house to the current location on Meeting House Lane in 1805 . \" A spokesperson for Brighton Quakers they \" excited \" with the news \" We for a long time about the burial ground from 1700 to 1805 but not that any Quakers there . \" The work at the Corn Exchange part of a project to the Royal Pavilion Estate buildings and gardens . It to by the end of 2018 .", "Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy , Bae Cinmel , am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth . Dywedodd Heddlu Gogledd Cymru fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd . Mae chwech o griwiau t\u00e2n o'r Rhyl , Prestatyn , Bae Colwyn ac Abergele yn bresennol . Mewn datganiad dywedodd Gwasanaeth T\u00e2n ac Achub Gogledd Cymru : \" Ry'n ni'n gofyn i'r cyhoedd osgoi'r ardal os oedd modd . \" Mae nifer o adeiladau yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle . \" Mae disgwyl i'r gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa . \"", "Homeowners by the flooding in December can for up to \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 from the government 's Future Flood Prevention Funding scheme . Figures by the BBC that only 13 people for the money . Rachael Maskell , Labour MP for York Central , she complaints about the fund . \" The form filling incredibly complicated and that where people ,\" she . \" It off a lot on people . \" Hundreds of homes and businesses in the city after the Rivers Foss and Ouse their banks . The scheme by City of York Council and a survey to out on the property before funding can for . The council that 360 private homes eligible for the grant . The authority : \" We very much grant applications but that this can time while people for quotes and loss adjustor reports . \" We a case worker to residents and businesses through the application process . \"", "Sarah Johnson one of 21 women to Liverpool when their minibus by a lorry on the M62 . Her friend Bethany Jones , 18 , while Ms Johnson and several others badly . Minibus driver James Johnson for more than six years for Bethany 's death , in April 2013 . Ms Johnson , who her shoulder , back and pelvis , the help she from a charity while in hospital her to to others . publicly for the first time about the crash , Ms Johnson how everyone \" excited and giddy \" for the hen party . \" To me the impact just a massive explosion ,\" she . \" I the bus up . \" I the bus on its side . The next thing , I up on the roadside so I 'd actually out of the window . \" Ms Johnson to Leeds General Infirmary where she , along with Bethany 's sister Amy Firth , major surgery and time in intensive care . Whilst she there she support from charity Day One , which victims of major trauma . She : \" It absolutely fantastic . \" It people by benefit advice , legal advice and peer support such as me and Amy , who in similar situations and who now other people who from major trauma . \" Ms Johnson the crash her how lucky she . \" Beth ca n't , she not here ,\" she . \" We just to grateful for what we . \"", "The detentions less than a week before a visit to Cuba by Pope Francis . Most of the activists members of the predominantly Catholic dissident group , Ladies in White . They through the streets of Havana up pictures of political prisoners , before they up by police . to Cuba 's main dissident website , 14yMedio , members of Ladies in White and activists from other opposition groups and into police cars and buses on Sunday afternoon . A number of them hours later , it . Cuba the protesters by right-wing American groups to the government . Cuban dissidents to during the Pope 's visit to the island , which on Saturday . They the Cuban Catholic Church of too cosy with the government of Raul Castro and to out against human rights abuses . \" The Church should concerned about this or any time human rights . It their duty ,\" Jose Daniel Ferrer , head of dissident group Patriotic Union of Cuba . He the Reuters news agency he and to a police station after Sunday 's protest . Police later him off at a bus terminal , he . The Cuban Catholic Church it the respect of human rights but cannot up individual political causes . Pope Francis a key role in the historic negotiations between Cuba and the United States , which to diplomatic relations after more than five decades of hostilities . Senior Cuban and American officials in secrets for months at the Vatican before Presidents Barack Obama and Raul Castro the world last December by they to relations .", "Just over 46,000 vehicles north of the border - a year-on-year increase of more than 2.7 % . However , UK sales by 5.3 % to almost 519,000 - the strongest month since 1999 . March typically the biggest month , for about a fifth of the year 's car registrations . Last month Vauxhall its position as market leader in Scotland , with more than 10,000 units . The Vauxhall Corsa the most popular new car , while the Ford Fiesta a strong month and into the number two spot for the year to date . The figures by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders . Top Scottish sellers in March 1. Vauxhall Corsa 2,575 2. Ford Fiesta 1,772 3. Vauxhall Astra 1,249 4. Ford Focus 1,126 5. Volkswagen Polo 1,077 Source : SMMT Scottish Motor Trade Association chief executive Sandy Burgess : \" All areas growth with the exception of Dumfries and Galloway and Strathclyde . \" The reductions however minimal and with the fantastic growth on 2015 numbers elsewhere , we out of this critical sales period well ahead for the year to date . \" We aware of some dealers who new vehicle delivery issues towards the end of the month , and this may well a small but noticeable negative effect . \" The rest of the UK to stronger growth but as we previously this may not all down to sales with specific manufacturers and dealers tactical decisions on registrations . \"", "Six incidents to police between 3 and 13 February . In all the cases , two or three men foreign national tourists in an attempt to money - on two occasions . The men , who as southern European , to police officers before to the victims . Police Scotland the first incident place at about 13:20 on 3 February in the Grassmarket , when a Chilean man by a man who him to his photograph . The pair then by two suspects who to police officers and then to them . The two police impersonators then into a silver or grey Seat hatchback and away and the other man into the Grassmarket . Officers the Chilean man later a three-figure sum of money from him . On 13 February , two Chinese tourists a four-figure sum of cash when they in a similar scam on Market Street . They by two men who them ID and they undercover police officers . Other incidents in Chambers Street , Castle Street , and in the Calton Hill area . There one incident on 3 February , one on 11 February and four on 13 February . Sgt Mark Hamilton , of Police Scotland , : \" These men purposely tourists who the city centre in a bid to money from them . \" a police officer not only inappropriate , it illegal . We would that if you by someone to a Police Scotland officer , their collar number and to a warrant card . \" All our officers happy to this information to the public and it should readily . \"", "\" CETA and we will not it ,\" EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom . Ms Malmstrom as EU trade ministers in Slovakia to CETA and a similar deal with the US , TTIP , which also criticism . A draft CETA deal , but parliaments could still it . Thousands of activists against CETA and TTIP in Germany on Saturday and thousands more in Brussels - outside the EU 's headquarters - on Tuesday . Activists that the deals could down European standards in the key areas of workers' rights , public health and the environment . There also great anxiety about special courts where investors will able to governments if they that legislation their business unfairly . Critics the mere existence of such courts - an alternative to national courts - will a \" chilling \" effect on policymakers , to slacker regulation on the environment and welfare . Would CETA a good model for the UK ? European Parliament briefing on CETA TTIP : The EU-US trade deal Are US-Europe TTIP trade talks ? Ms Malmstrom CETA would Friday 's meeting in Bratislava . The Commission the deal can with Canada at the end of October , so that it can then to the European Parliament for ratification . But it will also to by national parliaments across the EU . \" What we with the Canadians if we should some clarifications , a declaration so that we can some of those concerns ,\" Ms Malmstrom . She fears in some countries that politicians might their \" the right to \" . \" Maybe that [ right ] to even clearer in a declaration ,\" she , that the CETA negotiations still \" difficult \" . Karoline Graswander-Hainz , an Austrian Socialist MEP , the EU 's top court - the European Court of Justice - must first the Investment Court System ( ICS ) to its legality . CETA \" great risks \" for Europe , she , that some of her fellow MEPs likewise . German Vice-Chancellor and Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel CETA \" a model for future deals \" . But he pessimistic about TTIP . \" The Americans not prepared to Europe offers that Canada , and so there will definitely not a [ TTIP ] deal this year ,\" he . Supporters of CETA and TTIP such deals could global trade standards , that failure could China the standards . CETA and TTIP to tariffs and non-tariff barriers , growth on both sides of the Atlantic , free trade advocates .", "Media playback on your device 21 October 2014 Last at 21:36 BST Steven Ward 24 galleons from chocolate , with Maltesers up as replica cannon balls . The creations will the 209th anniversary of the battle during the Napoleonic Wars . The ships will through the dining hall of HMS Nelson in Portsmouth at the Trafalgar Day dinner .", "Patrick Ewing , 66 , at his home in Oakham , Rutland , and resuscitation by his partner , Yvonne Ainsworth . Paramedics a defibrillator to Mr Ewing to his normal heart rhythm for almost an hour . East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) only about 8 % of patients a cardiac arrest outside hospital . Andy Swinburn , of EMAS , : \" Patrick 's case extremely rare . His heart muscle very unstable , which to a cardiac arrest the crew to him 17 times . \" Mr Ewing : \" It an astonishing thing to over the edge and back again . \" What they for me might of just part of their day job but they so hard to me . I will forever grateful . \"", "The 23 year-old the GB boat to a fast start and they ahead after 500m but European champions , Romania and New Zealand too strong . The Romanians out on top , with the British eight comfortably off the challenge from the Netherlands The GB eight now for the World Championships in Sarasota in September . There no medal success for Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon in the women 's quadruple sculls . Nixon and her GB team mates Bethany Bryan , Alice Baatz and Mathilda Hodgkins-Byrne , always off the pace and fifth in a race by Poland .", "Eight-year-old Garfield , who the trip to Sainsbury 's in Ely in Cambridgeshire on a daily basis , his own Facebook page by fans . Owner David Willers a message shoppers to off the treats as a vet Garfield , who 6.6kg ( one stone ) , overweight . \" Everyone him ,\" Mr Willers . \" The other day when it cold and he indoors , a member of Sainsbury 's staff me to where he , which very sweet . \" He more customers into the shop - people me they and there just to him . \" Garfield 's Facebook page up last summer by a couple who him in the shop , and now by Mr Willers . \" We about him the road , but we n't really any negative comments about his habits ,\" he . \" We about a four-minute walk away from Sainsbury 's but Garfield all the shortcuts so can there quicker than that . \"", "Evans the Bantams the lead with style early on as he home from 20 yards into the bottom corner . The Shripmers back and Ryan Leonard Bradford goalkeeper Ben Williams into a fine save with a fierce effort from long-range . The hosts almost parity when Tyrone Barnett against the crossbar but Bradford on .", "Solly Msimanga , from the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , the vehicles would instead to a police anti-hijack unit . However , he will to the luxury car by the previous mayor . The DA control of Tshwane , a metropolitan area the capital Pretoria , from the African National Congress ( ANC ) in local elections . Mr Msimanga no more luxury cars would under his leadership . He over from the ANC , which control of the capital for the first time since 1994 , last month . More on this and other African stories Four things from South Africa election The ANC 10 new BMW 3 series vehicles , which yet to , for 5 million rand ($ 356,000 ; \u00a3 266,000 ) , local reports . The cars for members of the mayoral council , with the ANC to confident it would control of the municipality in the elections . He will still a BMW 5 series car he from the previous mayor , the IOL website . Mr Msimanga 's spokesman Matthew Gerstner the BBC that this vehicle could not \" with because it and for already and treasury regulations that \" . He : \" But , as soon as he can it , he will , with a sensible , low-cost vehicle \" . Mr Msimango the DA-led coalition government to on cost-cutting measures . He in a statement : \" No new luxury cars will or for politicians \u201a and if vehicles currently by Tshwane replacement \u201a sensible and low-cost vehicles will . \" I will not public money to on luxury cars \u201a while our people for services \u201a houses and jobs . \" A Hyundai i20 or Toyota Corolla can the same job for a politician as an expensive sedan . \" The ANC national government for wasteful expenditure , so South Africans will closely what the opposition differently in the key urban areas they in the August elections , the BBC 's Pumza Fihlani in Johannesburg . South Africans will keen to if the opposition , which until now only one province , will able to good on its ambitious election promises , our correspondent .", "The turkey firm to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday . There fears that the new owners would not on the workers' pension scheme . But Unite regional officer Steve Harley : \" We productive talks and we guarantees that all current agreements will . \" Unite it that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme in 2004 and that its members presently an alternative pension scheme which the takeover . The Boparan Private Office , the \" chicken king \" Mr Boparan 's private investment , that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews would under the new ownership . Mr Harley with representatives from Boparan at the Great Witchingham headquarters . He : \" It clear that the new owner to Bernard Matthews to its former position as a highly profitable business . \" This would by greater investment in the business , cost savings and the present spare capacity at Bernard Matthews to chicken and not just turkeys . \"", "The man , by state media as Ji Zhongxing , 34 , from central Shandong province , and to hospital . No-one else in the blast , which part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke . An online microblog to the man the explosion to at his ill-treatment by Chinese police . The blog his lower body after he to heavily by security agents in southern China in 2005 . Mr Ji , who to an unlicensed motorbike taxi service , also apparently dissatisfied with the way his complaints against the authorities with . State news agency Xinhua he the device - a package of gunpowder from fireworks - after from leaflets . Photos on China 's Weibo microblogging site a dark-haired man a white package in the air before the explosion . Later images from the airport the wheelchair on its side with officials him on the floor . Smoke through the terminal after the blast , which shortly before 18:30 ( 10:30 GMT ) near one of the arrival gates . Xinhua several medical workers emergency treatment , with police officers also at the scene . Officials order at the airport and there no disruption to flights .", "The tanker the central reservation halfway between junction 32 for Coryton and junction 33 , Cardiff West , at about 17:45 GMT on Monday . The westbound carriageway from junction 30 , Cardiff Gate , and one lane also eastbound . One person to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant . Their condition not . The Welsh Ambulance Service other people in the crash not . There long queues in both directions the crash , but traffic since . Diversions in place . South Wales Police motorists to the area for the rest of the night . The Welsh Ambulance Service two rapid response vehicles , one ambulance and a doctor but an air ambulance could not due to the weather conditions . Two fire engines and one rescue tender from South Wales Fire and Rescue Service at the scene late on Monday evening to police . if this your journey", "The facility , on the town 's Crichton estate , due to in the next 12 months . The centre will primarily to ways to responses to weather-related emergencies such as flooding . A report to the council 's policy and resources committee will a full update on progress to date . Initially the facility will up to six staff . Last month , the Scottish government assurances that plans to the centre on track . It concerns from Dumfriesshire Labour MSP Elaine Murray about the pace of progress on the project , since it first in August last year . A report to the council it essential the impetus . To that end groups up , and council and government officials the best location and office arrangements for the centre .", "The Windsor attraction busy during half term . One visitor the BBC his family for more than two hours as they to the park . Legoland it more than \u00c2 \u00a3 10,000 in the last year alternative entrance and exit routes . Windsor and Maidenhead Borough Council road signs recently to traffic through the centre of Windsor . \" The problem Legoland very popular ,\" councillor Colin Rayner , cabinet member for transport . \" I 'll very closely with the park to the system we . We to them as it a lot of employment and business to the area . \" Ian Calkin , from Croydon , his two children to the park on Wednesday . \" We at 6pm when the park and ready to 10 minutes later ,\" he . \" But , we n't through the car park barriers to our exit pass until well after eight o'clock . \" It then another 30 minutes before we the main roads . \" Legoland it incredibly hard with the council over recent years on traffic management and would to so . \" We a exit from the car park would frustrating ,\" a spokesman . \" We a number of additional staff to and guests with instructions to right out of the park to the new routes . \"", "Acorn Park Care Home in East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire , it must a \" significant improvement \" . If not , it could its registration . The privately-run home with a formal improvement notice by the Care Inspectorate and until next month to changes . Seven areas of concern after an inspection , with nutrition and hydration , personal plans for service users , environmental safety , staffing and administration of drugs all . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate : \" Everyone in Scotland the right to , compassionate care which their needs and their rights . \" Where we concerns , we not to action . \" Our first priority always the safety and well-being of residents and this improvement notice out what we the service to to that the care to residents . \" We will this service again soon to that progress . \" An Acorn Park spokesman : \" We hard with the Care Inspectorate to their requirements within the timescales . \"", "Thieves into the house in Intake , Doncaster on Thursday , a week after Paris Mulholland 's 11th birthday . In the letter , she the burglars \" how much they me \" , that she for two hours each night , and they her \" scared of the dark again \" . Paris the letter after to BBC Radio Sheffield . More on this and other stories from BBC South Yorkshire Gemma Mulholland the letter her daughter the thieves \" how she , and how it her . \" She : \" I really super proud of her . \" Paris' new iPhone , a laptop she for Christmas , and birthday money from her bedroom , as well as her grandmother 's gold watch . Cash , jewellery and other items in the robbery , along with Paris' and her younger brother Thomas' belongings . Ms Mulholland Paris too upset to in her bedroom after it . Lego models and photos on Paris' phone during a recent trip to Disneyland may forever . Paris : \" To my burgler [ sic ] . I you happy with yourself , I can no longer in my own bed [...] \" Why could you not when you to [ sic ] picture of a happy family and when you my birthday card , but anyway you for me so much I 2 hours straight nearly every night . \" Ms Mulholland the thieves \" despicable human beings \" but the community round . PC Adam Watkinson of South Yorkshire Police : \" Burglary a highly intrusive crime which can a huge impact on the victim . In this case , a young girl scared and upset after her home into . \" I would to Paris and her mum that we everything we can to the person responsible for this incident . \" It totally unacceptable that someone should scared in their own home and valuable possessions . \"", "The 16-year-old boy at his home in the borough of Lewisham on suspicion of affray at intu Bromley . He in hospital for a minor wound before into custody . A second 16-year-old boy at the scene on Saturday on suspicion of affray and possession of a weapon in custody . Scotland Yard originally the first person a minor head injury during the incident and \" to in his 20s \" . The force later another statement his age at 16 . \" At this stage officers he the injury as a result of an altercation between a number of youths ,\" it . Police , who at 15:45 GMT on Saturday to reports of an youth , they two knives . A photograph by a member of the public to that a machete . Video at the scene also to shoppers in panic .", "Media playback not on this device Drogba , 39 , not since Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact in November . He will out as a player but also Phoenix 's \" MLS expansion franchise ownership group \" . \" To a team and a player at the same time unusual but it to very exciting ,\" Drogba . \" It a good transition because I to on but I almost 40 and it important for me to for my later career . \" Phoenix just their fourth season in the Western Conference of USL , which part of the second tier of the American league system . The Arizona club to one of four expansion teams in MLS over the next three years . \" I offers from China , from England - in both the Premier League and even the Championship - but they only as a player ,\" Drogba The Premier League Show . \" This the right offer because it important for me to about , because I it , but also to to the next stage of my career . \" Drogba 157 goals in 341 appearances during his first spell at Chelsea from 2004 to 2012 , three Premier League titles and the Champions League . moves to Shanghai Shenhua in China and Turkish side Galatasaray , Drogba to the Blues for the 2014-15 season , seven goals in 40 appearances , Jose Mourinho 's side to the title , before 18 months with Montreal . He former Chelsea team-mate Shaun Wright-Phillips at Phoenix , who one win and two defeats from three games this season . \" I still a player but it important to the decision of the manager ,\" Drogba , who Ivory Coast 's record goalscorer . \" When we on the pitch , he to the one who and when we to board meetings , it a different thing . \" the full interview with Didier Drogba in The Premier League show on BBC Two on Thursday , 13 April ( 22:00 BST ) .", "Media playback not on this device Ennis-Hill , 30 , at retirement after narrowly her heptathlon title to 21-year-old Belgian Nafissatou Thiam in a thrilling contest in Rio . Minichiello the BBC she should \" two or three months and out exactly what you to \" . \" When she that time and that decision we 'll from there . \" Next year the World Championships to London , where Ennis-Hill Olympic gold four years ago , but after out on her title by 35 points , the Sheffield athlete would not to . \" It to a tough decision , I to away and about it ,\" she . \" At this moment , I tired and emotional - it a big decision . \" Minichiello Ennis-Hill since she 13 , her world champion in 2009 , Olympic champion in London three years later , and then gold at the 2015 World Championships just 14 months after she birth to her son Reggie . The Sheffield-born coach it might time for him to \" selfish \" , should Ennis-Hill . \" She clearly wo n't another Olympic Games in 2020 . If there opportunities up , I to a look at that as a career forwards ,\" he . \" It will a bit of a decision I to for myself so maybe it time for me to a bit selfish and some choices for me . \" Minichiello that he Ennis-Hill 's silver in Rio as a \" better performance \" than her gold at London 2012 , but he \" mixed emotions \" after the event . \" If you at the progress she , two years of heptathlon competition to back , the progress she pretty remarkable ,\" he .", "The 28-year-old 's nine-year-old daughter also by a member of the gang , who a knife . The burglary at their home in the Turf Hill area at about 05:30 BST on Wednesday , Greater Manchester Police . The three balaclava-wearing men cash , jewellery and a mobile phone before . The offender the gun , to a small silver metal handgun , as Asian , slim and between 20 and 30 . The man with the knife black , between 30 and 40 , of a medium build and with bloodshot eyes . It they by three other men outside the property . Police now for anyone with information to them . Det Con Rich Shelton : \" This gang a mum and her young daughter , even as low as to a gun to the head of a woman who clearly heavily pregnant and absolutely terrified . \" Thankfully they not physically and the unborn baby not but the emotional trauma they immeasurable . \"", "Kelso , Galashiels , Peebles , Hawick , Selkirk and Eyemouth increases but numbers in Duns and Jedburgh . Figures in Melrose also sharply with 2014 but exceptionally low levels that year due to \" atrocious weather \" . Councillor Stuart Bell it \" pleasing \" to numbers . A survey out across the region since 2007 . The latest figures during September and October 2015 with the rise in the region higher than the Scottish average of 2 % . Last year numbers by 11 % but this largely on the very low levels in Melrose . Mr Bell : \" These figures only ever to us a snapshot of a short period of time and can on weather , however it pleasing to that overall average footfall and the figures for several towns particularly encouraging . \" We to on these increases in footfall and the council , partner and community organisations and businesses can all their part in that , our town centres as attractive as possible to local shoppers and visitors to the Borders . \" This study in 2007 and in effect the impact of the recession and increase in internet shopping on our town centres , which largely for the 23 % reduction in footfall over that period . \" He the issues not unique to the Borders and would challenges in the longer term .", "Almost completely off for centuries , it to in some aspects of the outside world while fiercely its ancient traditions . The Bhutanese name for Bhutan , Druk Yul , \" Land of the Thunder Dragon \" and it only to up to outsiders in the 1970s . The Wangchuck hereditary monarchy power since 1907 . But Bhutan a two-party parliamentary democracy after elections in March 2008 . Population 750,000 Area 38,364 sq km ( 14,812 sq miles ) Major language Dzongkha Major religions Buddhism ( official ) , Hinduism Life expectancy 66 years ( men ) , 70 years ( women ) Currency ngultrum Head of state : King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck his father , Jigme Singye Wangchuck , in December 2006 after the former monarch his abdication . His predecessor already up some of his absolute powers in 1998 and in conjunction with the government , an assembly and a royal advisory council . Prime Minister : Tshering Tobgay Tshering Tobgay Bhutan 's second prime minister in July 2013 , Jigme Yozer Thinley . He president of the People 's Democratic Party . He leader of the opposition in the National Assembly from March 2008 to April 2013 . He himself as a reformer , official limousine and prime ministerial accommodation . Television not to Bhutan until 1999 . For years , the country itself off , that outside influences would its monarchy and culture . Radio broadcasting in 1973 and the internet in 1999 . Some key dates in the history of Bhutan : 1720 - Chinese imperial army and temporarily control over Bhutan . 1772-73 - British intervention . 1864-65 - Further intervention by Britain . 1907 - Ugyen Wangchuck as hereditary ruler . 1910 - Treaty Britain control over foreign relations . 1949 - Treaty with newly-independent India non-interference in Bhutan 's internal affairs , but Delhi influence over foreign relations . 1958 - Slavery . 1974 - First foreign tourists in . 1990 - Thousands of Hindus to Nepal clashes . 1998 - King some powers to national assembly .", "The 47-year-old Kerr , who presently Stirling University 's Lowland League men 's side , will over from Finland-bound Anna Signeul in June . And Grant Kerr can Scotland to greater success . \" She could any men 's team in Scotland in my opinion , she that good a coach ,\" Grant BBC Scotland . \" Anna fantastic , Shelley off her and now she can it over and Shelley can and the team stronger and better . \" The squad the strongest it and I Shelley will them even further than Anna . \" Grant , who at present with a knee injury , a former team-mate of Kerr 's with Scotland and Hibernian , where the latter also a coach . \" It a great appointment ,\" the Motherwell forward . \" I fortunate enough to with and by Shelley . \" She great in the room , she a great personality , one of the best coaches I ever under , so it great for the game . \" She all the players personally and as players that a massive difference . \" It really important that we now a Scottish coach and Shelley it because she up through the ranks as a player and she also a great role model because she a child on the way - Christie Kerr actually for my team now at Motherwell . \" Kerr the first-ever female head coach in senior British football when , three years ago , she charge of Stirling University in the Lowland League , the new feeder league for the Scottish Professional Football League . \" She just a great role model to in the Scottish game , she in the men 's game , which a fantastic step for her , and if anyone the role now , it definitely Shelley ,\" Grant . Kerr not only Stirling University , who currently fourth in the league table , to a British Universities Championship final , she also a MSc in sports management . In a university statement , the former Arsenal Ladies manager : \" I no doubt the academic education I will of great benefit in my new role as well as in the future and beyond . \" Stirling University director of sport Cathy Gallagher tribute to Kerr , who will in charge until the end of their season . \" During Shelley 's tenure , the University of Stirling its position at the top of British university football and the Scottish non-league game ,\" she .", "Choupo-Moting , 28 , their fourth signing of the summer after Darren Fletcher , Kurt Zouma and Josh Tymon . \" Eric on our radar for several years and we actually to him to the club four years ago ,\" chief executive Tony Scholes . Stoke their Premier League season with a trip to Everton on Saturday . Choupo-Moting , who also for Hamburg and Mainz , 200 Bundesliga appearances and in the Champions League with Schalke . A former Germany youth international , he international allegiance to Cameroon in 2010 . He the Indomitable Lions at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and 48 caps , 13 goals . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The SNP 's John Wallace the Ayr East ward after the vote on Thursday . Turnout for the by-election 34.4 % , with 4,006 votes out of an electorate of 11,638 . The by-election the resignation of Corri Wilson , who as SNP MP for Ayr , Carrick and Cumnock earlier this year .", "The seven men six-year jail sentences after an earthquake the medieval town of L'Aquila in 2009 , 309 people . The verdict alarm , with some that science itself on trial . On Monday an appeals court the group of the manslaughter charges . Judge Fabrizia Ida Francabandera that there no case to . \" The credibility of Italy 's entire scientific community ,\" Stefano Gresta , the president of the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology . The seven men - all scientists or disaster experts - members of a committee in L'Aquila in March 2009 a series of tremors in the region . Days after they , a 6.3 magnitude quake the town in the middle of the night . Many of L'Aquila's medieval buildings , and some locals the disaster committee for not adequate advice . Prosecutors in the subsequent trial the experts falsely information to residents . to Reuters , they that one committee member there \" no danger \" from the tremors . the guilty verdicts , more than 5,000 scientists an open letter to Italian President Giorgio Napolitano in support of the experts . Many that the convictions a fundamental misunderstanding of earthquake science . Monday 's decision to the verdicts after a month-long appeal process . The prosecution can still to the original verdicts via a higher court .", "US experts B3 , also as nicotinamide , the ability of immune cells to Staphylococcus bacteria . B3 the numbers and efficacy of neutrophils , white blood cells that can and harmful bugs . The study , in the Journal of Clinical Investigation , could to a \" major change in treatment \" , a UK expert . B3 on Staphylococcal infections , such as the potentially fatal MRSA ( Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) . Such infections in hospitals and nursing homes , but also on the rise in prisons , the military and among athletes . The scientists extremely high doses of B3 - far higher than that from dietary sources - in their tests , out both on animals and on human blood . And the researchers there as yet no evidence that dietary B3 or supplements could or bacterial infections . The researchers B3 to able to \" on \" certain antimicrobial genes , the immune cells' killing power . Prof Adrian Gombart , of Oregon State University 's Linus Pauling Institute , who on the research , : \" This potentially very significant , although we still to human studies . \" Antibiotics wonder drugs , but they problems with resistance by various types of bacteria , especially Staphylococcus aureus . \" This could us a new way to Staph infections that can deadly , and might in combination with current antibiotics . \" It a way to into the power of the innate immune system and it to a more powerful and natural immune response . \" Prof Mark Enright , of the University of Bath , : \" Neutrophils really the front line against infections in the blood and the use of nicotinamide safe at this dose to in patients as it already for use . \" This could a major change in treatment for infections alongside conventional antibiotics to patients immune system . \" I would to in patient clinical trials but cannot why this could n't straight away in patients . \"", "The review into 22 abuse cases in Northern Ireland the authorities for not enough . The young people missing a number of times over a 20-month period while after in the care system . The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) it recently policy changes at children safe . In September 2013 , the PSNI it a major investigation into the sexual exploitation of children and young people who missing from care in Northern Ireland . Officers they 22 people , between 13 and 18 , who may sexually . The PSNI investigation Operation Owl . Thursday 's report , the PSNI response , by the Safeguarding Board for Northern Ireland . It PSNI officers effective in the teenagers and them to the care system . However , it that they to properly the extent of the child sexual exploitation place and their attempts to and the abusers - in the words of the review - \" limited and inconsistent \" . While there praise for the help by some staff from residential care homes , Stormont 's Health Minister Simon Hamilton that the report not enough support to the teenagers from harm or the risk of harm . He the review \" a significant gap \" in knowledge about perpetrators of child sexual exploitation . The head of the PSNI 's Public Protection Branch , Det Ch Supt George Clarke that Operation Owl , the PSNI \" a number of changes in our approach to this issue to we everything we can to children and young people safe \" . \" Indeed , in April of this year , the PSNI the Public Protection Branch which now responsible for policy and practice in relation to a number of areas child sexual exploitation . \" The new structures us to closely with our partner agencies in a much more cohesive way than before to better protection and safeguarding for children and young people . \" The office the PSNI also its Missing Persons Protocol , a joint policy with the health and social care authorities . \" This protocol to effective collaborative safeguarding responses by the PSNI and social services in respect of children who away or missing from their homes or care placements and upon developments in our knowledge and experience ,\" Mr Clarke . Last year , a separate review into the issue that sexual exploitation a threat to young people in Northern Ireland . That report also that some abusers to links to paramilitary groups .", "A judge whether to the star over the incident , which and viral . He will the night in detention and investigations will on Wednesday , a BBC reporter . Olomide assault , though he since for his behaviour . The Kenyan authorities the 60-year-old rumba singer and three of his dancers on Saturday to DR Congo 's capital , Kinshasa , a public outcry over the incident . The BBC 's Poly Muzalia in Kinshasa police officers at the singer 's home early on Tuesday morning and him into custody . He , into a police car and then to a court where a judge whether he should on trial . His lawyer , Landry Tanganyi , the BBC that Olomide , one of Africa 's most popular musicians , should not overnight as he not a flight risk . However , Olomide the courthouse under police escort and will the night at the police station , our reporter . The Congolese musician in similar trouble in the past :", "Wayne Maycock , Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley last at HMP Leyhill at about 16:45 GMT on Sunday . Avon and Somerset Police for anyone who them , or of their whereabouts , to contact . HMP Leyhill in South Gloucestershire the only minimum-security prison in the South West . Headley in 2006 for rape and robbery , Maycock in the same year for GBH , while Bromwich in 2001 for rape . Earlier , the police force all three of rape but this information later . A Prison Service spokesperson : \" Public protection our top priority . We absconds from custody extremely seriously . We closely with the police and urgently this incident . \" to Avon and Somerset Police : Leyhill , near Wotton-under-Edge , a category D prison more than 500 inmates , some on life sentences .", "\" I to with Ikea - furniture for interior design , for architecture ,\" he BBC Radio 1 . He students would particularly keen for him to \" a minimalist apartment inside of a college dorm \" . \" Yo Ikea , Kanye to , him to this thing because you what , I a bed that he , I a chair that he . \" West Ikea 's head office in Almhult , south Sweden , earlier this year . He previously with British fashion designer Katie Eary who , in turn , a series of textiles and tableware for Ikea . The company so far to on a possible tie-in with West , who a sideline clothes and shoes . Its ethos of affordable goods would with West 's ambition to his own products more affordable . The star 's interview with Annie Mac also his headline at the 2015 Glastonbury festival . He a musical error at the beginning him his lyrics , with knock-on effects for the rest of the set . \" It incredible . I off the show and I completely up the music . And me , as you can by this phone call , I a bit of a perfectionist . So it really me into a slightly depressed state and it me back in the position of when I in high school and I from my job . \" I n't usually nervous , I , I fully prepared . When that music up in the beginning it into my nerves and when you nervous or vulnerable something special and something different can . \" And he his political ambitions , after previously he would for president in 2020 . \" When I about the idea of president , I not I any political views ,\" the 39-year-old . \" I just a view on humanity , on people , on the truth . \" We numb , we numb to 500 kids in Chicago a year , we numb to the fact that it seven police shootings in the beginning of July . \" If there anything that I can with my time and my day , to somehow a difference while I alive I to to it . \" You can the full interview from 19:00 BST on Annie Mac 's Radio 1 show . us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "BAA the problem by a hardware fault which the check-in desks and boarding screens for almost three hours . Edinburgh Airport there \" congestion \" as passengers to in manually from 07:30 . Flights also as passengers not which gates to to . The problem at about 10:00 . A man at the airport the BBC Scotland news website he at the airport for about an hour . He : \" My flight n't until 10am because the computers down . There queues at the check-in desks and people n't where to their flights . \" There massive disruption . \" A BAA spokesman : \" We a slight issue this morning with the network which that we some computer services . \" It not any cancellations or any great delays , but it some queuing in the check in area between 7am and 9am . \" Our team on it and , investigation , it to a hardware fault that quickly . \" He : \" We some flights by about half an hour , and congestion in the check-in area which as soon as the fault . \"", "Police the 14-year-old unwell and hospital treatment . He later from hospital and at home . The incident in Holywood , County Down , on Saturday . The PSNI the tablets \" as yet unidentified \" but of the \" potential dangers \" they . The 17-year-old , with a Class A drug with intent to ; a Class B drug with intent to ; possession of a Class A drug ; possession of a Class B drug and a Class A drug . He due to at Newtownards Youth Court on 14 February .", "The move by President Thein Sein , who earlier UN calls for an independent inquiry . The clashes between Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims also thousands of people . The UN the inquiry , it could \" important contributions \" to peace . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's spokesman it could a \" conducive environment for a more inclusive way forward to the causes of the violence , the condition of the Muslim communities in Rakhine \" . What the violence in June ? The rape and murder of a young Buddhist woman in Rakhine in May off a chain of deadly religious clashes Why a state of emergency ? To the military to over administrative control of the region Who the Rohingyas ? The UN them as a persecuted religious and linguistic minority from western Burma . The Burmese government they relatively recent migrants from the Indian sub-continent . Bangladesh already several hundred thousand refugees from Burma and it cannot any more Q & A : Rakhine unrest Rohingyas terror Burma profile A statement on Thein Sein 's website on Friday the 27-member commission would representatives from different political parties and also religious organisations . It the commission would its findings next month . The violence in Rakhine state in late May when a Buddhist woman and by three Muslims . A mob later 10 Muslims in retaliation , though they unconnected with the earlier incident . Sectarian clashes across the state , with houses of both Buddhists and Muslims down . The UNHCR that about 80,000 people in and around the Sittwe and Maungdaw by the violence . There long-standing tension between Rakhine people , who Buddhist and up the majority of the state 's population , and Muslims . Most of these Muslims themselves as Rohingya , a group that in part of Bengal , now Bangladesh .", "The University of Essex study of 712 Italian-American mafia members in the 1960s their income by 7.5-8.5 % per extra year of education . Those in complex crimes such as exorbitant rates for loans or extortion three times the boost of those who violent crimes . But , on average , the 712 education a year earlier than other white men of a similar age in their neighbourhoods . \" Criminal careers to very early and likely to with schooling choices ,\" the study . Lead researcher Prof Giovanni Mastrobuoni education to a protective effect against with crime , but he : \" It also true that if you to a criminal it better to a better-educated one . \" The study : \" Private returns to education not only in legitimate but also in the illegitimate activities that a sufficient degree of complexity ,\" \" Mobster returns ( in terms of income ) to a year of schooling around 7.5 to 8.5 % , to 9-10 % for the neighbour sample . \" Moreover , for mobsters who , to the Federal Bureau of Narcotics records , in white-collar crimes that an illegal business ( ie racketeering , loan sharking , bootlegging et cetera ) we returns to education that about three times as large as for those who in violent crimes ( ie robberies , murders et cetera ).\"", "Wigan \" in excess of \u00a3 200,000 \" for Tomkins , who they to New Zealand Warriors for a world record fee of about \u00a3 700,000 in 2013 . Tomkins , 26 , will for the 2016 Super League season . \" I really happy to this and to home to Wigan ,\" he the club 's website . \" All of my friends and family in Wigan , a lot of them for Wigan . It really a no-brainer for me . \" It a fantastic experience to myself in the NRL but the reality I 13,000 miles away from my friends and family . \" Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan on BBC Radio Manchester : \" He back at Wigan which where he to . \" The Super League club first refusal on Tomkins , who New Zealand with a year on the three-year deal he initially . The move Tomkins with his two brothers - forward Joel , 28 , and hooker Logan , 22 - who both regulars in the Wigan team this season . Tomkins up again with head coach Shaun Wane whom he very close to - the 50-year-old him during in the youth age groups at the Warriors and they in regular contact when he to Auckland . As well as with a move to rugby union , after he a one-off match in the 15-man code for the Barbarians against Australia in 2013 , Salford owner Marwan Koukash they would an offer for him . Media playback not on this device After five tries on his first-team debut as a 19-year-old in 2008 , Tomkins a prolific scorer for the Warriors , 144 tries in 152 appearances . He a domestic double of the Challenge Cup and Grand Final in 2013 . Tomkins an encouraging first season in the NRL and in the top 15 players for tries , assists and tackle breaks but just twice this campaign because of a knee injury .", "Thomas Sargent on his Yamaha Fazer motorbike on Bolton Road , Withnell , on Sunday afternoon when he in a collision with a Volvo car . He to the Royal Preston Hospital , where he later . His family him as a \" quiet , enthusiastic , caring and loving man \" with a \" real passion for motorcycles \" . tribute , they : \" He just his 21st birthday by Europe on his Yamaha motorbike . \" He something he and now at peace and with his Grandma . He will dearly by everybody that him and will never . \" Police witnesses of the collision to in touch .", "The 37-year-old 64 appearances for his country , three at the 2006 World Cup , and Poland 's most-capped goalkeeper . Boruc mainly as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny in recent years . \" It not an easy decision for me and one that I incredibly seriously ,\" he . \" However , after much thought and consideration I that now the right time in order to fully both on my family and club career at AFC Bournemouth . \"", "China one of the biggest air pollution problems in the world . Lots of people there to special facemasks to to out the pollution . Italian architect Stefano Boeri up with the idea of buildings which full of plants , to pollution . These two special buildings will home to more than 1,000 trees and 2,500 shrubs and bushes which should the pollution in the air and to it and it cleaner . The buildings will in the Chinese city of Nanjing , and should by 2018 . The shorter tower will a hotel , while the taller one will home to a museum , offices and an architecture school . The buildings the first of their kind in Asia , but will two other buildings like them , from Italy and Switzerland . The architect plans to similar buildings in other Chinese cities like Chongqing , Shijiazhuang , Liuzhou , Guizhou and Shanghai . In 2014 China 's government they hard to the amount of pollution in the air - and since then they down coal-burning factories , and the amount of traffic on roads .", "Media playback not on this device In an error-strewn display , the 2012 bronze medallist 102 points from his dive to the final . However , he only 50.40 to in last place with 403.25 - well short of the personal best of 571.85 he in Friday 's preliminary round . \" It really hard to . I so hard ,\" Daley , 22 . \" Yesterday I the highest score ever in an Olympic Games . Today it n't to . That what diving sometimes . \" I truly heartbroken because I like I in the peak physical condition and I could . \" British Diving performance director Alexei Evangulov Daley \" in the best shape and best form of his career \" before the Olympics . Daley , who a bronze medal in the 10m platform with Dan Goodfellow , he would again in Tokyo in 2020 . \" I so happy with how GB , so proud to part of it and I to able to on top of that podium , so it will another four years' hard work ,\" he . Media playback not on this device China 's Chen Aisen , 20 , his second gold of the Games by the final , which place later on Saturday . Chen , who also the 10m synchro alongside Lin Yue , 585.30 points to ahead of Mexico 's German Sanchez ( 532.70 ) and champion David Boudia of the United States ( 525.25 ) . Media playback not on this device to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "Nama its entire Northern Ireland portfolio to Cerberus , a US investment fund , in 2014 . The Irish Times that the Comptroller and Auditor General ( C & AG ) will that failings in the sales process could in \" hundred of millions of euro \" not . Nama , an Irish state agency , in 2009 to control of billions of euro of bad property loans which the Irish banks . Controversy around the sales process on the role of the businessman and former Nama advisor Frank Cushnahan . While as an advisor to Nama he to a US investment fund , Pimco , which interested in the portfolio . He then his Nama role and on to the fund with its bid . He due to \u00a3 5m if the bid - but it when Nama of Mr Cushnahan 's role . Subsequently only two other firms offers to the Northern Ireland portfolio . The highest bid of \u00a3 1.24bn - a fraction above the minimum reserve price - by Cerberus . The other offer from Fortress for \u00a3 1.1bn , which below the reserve . Earlier this year , the BBC Spotlight programme a covert recording in which Mr Cushnahan he also due to a fee in relation to the Cerberus deal . The Irish Times that the C & AG will that \" while it impossible to definitive \" , shortcomings in the sales process Nama not hundreds of millions of euro that it might otherwise . A Nama spokesman : \" We not any comment and will when the report . \" In a statement , the Department of Finance in Dublin , : \"' The minister will his cabinet colleagues at an upcoming government meeting . \" The report will thereafter . No further comment will until after publication . \" Mr Cushnahan always any wrongdoing in relation to his Nama role . Cerberus that the sales process for the loan portfolio \" with full integrity \" on its part . Earlier this week , BBC NI 's Spotlight programme that Mr Cushnahan a \u00a3 40,000 cash payment from a Nama borrower . Mr Cushnahan , who Nama at the time , any wrongdoing . the broadcast , First Minister Arlene Foster a call by Sinn F\u00e9in 's Martin McGuinness for a cross-border Nama inquiry it \" not appropriate \" . Mr McGuinness he such an inquiry new revelations in the Spotlight programme about Nama 's role in Northern Ireland 's biggest ever property deal .", "The unknown offender control of the Medway Council feed at about 19:45 BST . Its first tweet : \" The Medway Council Twitter feed over by the citizens of Medway . \" Hackers on to a string of Tweets which about 10 minutes later . The authority for any offence . It : \" Our account for a short time earlier this evening . \" Sorry for any offence by the tweets which now . \" During the security breach , around nine tweets one which : \" We also to decent schools . About time eh ?\" . The hackers also an end to Rochester 's Dickens Festival . Celia Glynn-Williams , head of communication at Medway Council , action to the account as quickly as possible . She : \" We sorry for any offence by the messages that . \" We the security of our account very seriously and into how this . \"", "He somewhere to because he from Ebola hotspot , Sierra Leone . Amara in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight ago and down by two landlords - one by letter . Both happy for him to until he over his passport and they he from a country at the centre of the current epidemic . He Newsbeat that he \" devastated to down \" . The letter : \" Under normal circumstance . Your profile would a great profile to one of our lodgers . \" However , that the world about to probably an Ebola epidemic , we not to anyone that anywhere near the ebola outbreak within the last two months , or likely to those areas in the near future . \" Amara , 35 , Newsbeat that it wrong to all people from Sierra Leone the disease . He : \" It very unreasonable . And if you everybody from Sierra Leone , then that just completely unfair . \" The good news for Amara that after a few weeks of , he somewhere to so he can his studies . More than 4,400 people in the Ebola outbreak , mainly in West Africa . Britain now passengers at Heathrow airport . People from the worst-affected countries will and may their temperatures . Professor Tom Solomon an expert on diseases like Ebola and how they . How worried should we here in the UK ? I we should worried about Ebola in West Africa because sadly the cases up and up but the situation in the UK very different from the situation in West Africa . the landlord right to so cautious ? I why people concerned about Ebola but what people to at the facts and then sensible decisions . You not to Ebola from your flat to someone from Sierra Leone . How people Ebola ? Ebola on if someone in contact with the bodily fluids of someone who actually sick with the disease . So clearly out your property wont people at risk . the virus to airborne ? There no evidence that the virus airborne and we never the virus and airborne - so there no evidence to that this will here . @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "to the corporation , \" the Ten will audiences even more news analysis and explanation \" . With additional news from the Nations and Regions , the programme will 45-minutes long from Monday through to Thursday , from 11 January . The move a five-month trial in the run-up to the General Election . \" Along with its sister programme at 6 , The BBC 's 10 o'clock News already the most popular news bulletin in the UK and , in the New Year , it will even more ,\" Gavin Allen , controller of daily news programmes . \" Viewers will to the fullest range of stories - and now we 'll still more scope to the events that the country and to sense of the world around us . \" It always a bit odd that the BBC 's highest profile news bulletin ( if not highest - the audience for the Six o'clock News bigger ) also the shortest . Of course , the official duration n't always to . People who in just for the weather at the end of the bulletin will already this - the news sometimes two , three or even five minutes longer than it on the schedules . It , though , an interesting symbolic move . ITV 's News at Ten presenter Tom Bradby the BBC its main news at 10pm , and so too the culture secretary John Whittingdale . This certainly clear the BBC n't on the spot , but in even deeper . Yet it a quandary for those who to in to Newsnight after the Ten . Newsnight 's start time usually around 22:32 . In future , if you with the News at Ten until the end of the weather , you will the first 13 minutes of the programme . And finally , for fans of the red chair and the celebrity sofa , this a Monday to Thursday-only change . Question Time on Thursday can , but Graham Norton , it , to his 22:35 slot .", "Media playback not on this device The Foxes Hull 3-1 on Saturday and both of their games under Shakespeare since Ranieri 's sacking . \" Suddenly he to a manager . It n't that comfortably with me ,\" Keown on Match of the Day . \" If you assistant manager to Ranieri and he , why it you suddenly to the manager ? \" Shakespeare , 53 , never full-time and to Leicester by Ranieri 's predecessor Nigel Pearson . He he to with the Leicester hierarchy about his future next week . \" You personal ambition , but I it almost out of order that he to in for that job ,\" Keown . \" Surely they 'll for a manager who bigger with more experience . \" Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy : \" While Craig Shakespeare , him in charge . Why ? him on . \" after his side five points clear of the relegation zone , Shakespeare : \" My remit to these two games and that what we ,\" he . \" The owners will a decision for the good of the club and until I to them I n't what that will . But as I previously , I comfortable with that . \" I ca n't it and there no point about it . \" Leicester not a league goal in 2017 until Shakespeare charge , but now six in two games - twice as many Premier League goals as they in their last 10 matches under Ranieri . Shakespeare never a club before but a long association with the Foxes . The Englishman assistant manager to Nigel Pearson for two years from 2008 , Pearson to Hull in 2010 before they both to Leicester a year later . Pearson 's sacking in 2015 , Shakespeare at the club as Ranieri 's assistant . Leicester to to a number of potential candidates to Ranieri , but could also Shakespeare the job until the end of the season . The Foxes informal discussions with former England boss Roy Hodgson . The 69-year-old out of work since the international set-up after the Three Lions to Iceland at Euro 2016 . Pearson , who Leicester from relegation in 2014-15 , also with a return .", "Jo Deering in 2011 , aged 52 , just months after under the Mental Health Act . Under-fire Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust it could better decisions about her care . However , Ms Deering 's sister , Maureen Rickman , the trust 's findings \" to \" . In December , the BBC that the trust , which services to about 45,000 people in Hampshire , Dorset , Wiltshire , Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire , to hundreds of unexpected deaths since 2011 . Ms Deering , from New Milton , Hampshire , paranoid schizophrenia and from hospital two weeks after . She home where she the main carer for her 89-year-old mother , who dementia . Four months later she her own life . Her family the trust should not her to home while she still ill . In its 2012 report , the trust the medical team at Waterford House who for Ms Deering should \" for their ongoing efforts to with Joanna and her whole family in as an inclusive a way as possible , despite significant complications \" . Ms Rickman : \" There n't an investigation here , nothing of the sort . I could out a better investigation myself to quite frank . \" She : \" It to - nobody would anything from this at all , there nothing to away from this other than a load of psycho babble and twaddle . \" In a statement , Dr Lesley Stevens , medical director at the trust , the report its \" decision-making process about leave , and how we this with Jo and her family , could better \" . \" Robust actions to from this incident fully at the time ,\" she . She the trust community support to Ms Deering with her role as a carer . \" The way we and when things wrong , substantially ,\" she .", "The firm will in-house domestic vinyl production at a Japanese factory south-west of Tokyo by March 2018 . The move amid demand for old-fashioned black plastic records , which now a key market niche . At one time , the format to after the rise of CDs , digital downloads and streaming . During vinyl 's long decline from the late 1980s onwards , many vinyl record factories down , with production to a few specialist independent firms . But this year , global vinyl revenue to $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 770m ) , with many consumers by its supposedly superior sound quality . Analysis : Jonty Bloom , business correspondent They the CD it and that digital downloads it dead and : but vinyl back . Sony , which a major part in off vinyl by CDs , them in turn by other music technology such as downloads and streaming , but vinyl increasingly popular once again . The format by a resurgence in demand , as it not only nostalgic older consumers , but also younger generations who records , especially in clubs and at music festivals . Sony even to older engineers who how to records . Part of the reason for the popularity of vinyl records may that you can actually them in shops . In the UK , record sales in more money last year than platforms - although the unit costs of vinyl many times that of streaming . Vinyl records in popularity again in recent years , by events such as Record Store Day in April every year , for which record companies special limited-edition singles and albums . Sony 's move a few months after it its Tokyo studio with a lathe , to the master discs for vinyl records . It not yet which titles it will in vinyl , but big sellers in the format these days a mixture of classic back-catalogue items and modern releases by new bands .", "Victoria with a male bear at the Highland Wildlife Park at Kincraig , near Aviemore , earlier this year . To her from if she pregnant , the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) she \" off show \" . If she a cub or cubs , they would in December or January . RZSS it not possible to at this stage if Victoria pregnant . Polar bear cubs last in the UK almost 25 years ago . Victoria to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark last year and in an enclosure about a mile away from the park 's two males , Arktos and Walker . She previously cubs in 2008 . Arktos to Victoria 's enclosure for a short time earlier this year .", "Seven organisations joint advice on vitamin D , which the body from natural sunlight . The nutrient bones strong , and against conditions like osteoporosis . The guidance up because it fears about skin cancer people too cautious about in the sun . Cancer Research UK and the National Osteoporosis Society among the bodies which that \" little and frequent \" spells in summer sunshine several times a week can your health . The experts now it fine to outside in strong sun in the middle of the day , as long as you up or sunscreen before your skin red . Professor Rona Mackie , from the British Association of Dermatologists , : \" Total sun protection with high factor suncream on all the time not ideal , in terms of vitamin D levels . \" Even Australia its policy on this . They now charts parts of Australia where sun protection may not during some parts of the year . \" Some of the messages about sun exposure too negative . UK summer sunshine n't desperately strong . We n't many days in the year when it very intense . \" What that we now that exposure of 10 to 15 minutes to the UK summer sun , without suncream , several times a week probably a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer . \" Official government advice already vitamin D supplements for pregnant women and children under five . But the experts who the joint statement mothers often not aware of this recommendation . They women their GP . Winter levels of vitamin D can by a break in the tropical sun - or by oily fish , liver and fortified margarine . Cancer Research UK 's chief clinician , Professor Peter Johnson , : \" A good diet and sensible sun exposure will adequate for the great majority of the UK population to their cancer risk . \" The area of vitamin D and cancer complex . \" There some evidence , which strongest in bowel cancer , that low levels of vitamin D in the blood with the risk of cancer . \" But that n't those low levels bowel cancer . \" We overall that low levels of vitamin D unlikely to major contributors to the chances of cancer in the UK population . \" The joint statement also questions about vitamin D that further research . These out the optimal levels of vitamin D , and more detail about the role of dietary sources and supplements .", "Linton Bridge , over the River Wharfe in West Yorkshire , in the Christmas floods . Emergency work but the bridge between Linton and Collingham at risk of collapse , Leeds City Council . Work , which will \u00a3 4.5m , to in July to in place a river platform to on the foundations . Parts of the bridge about 8in ( 20cm ) after the floodwater its foundations . It since 27 December and the permanent repair works to by the summer of 2017 . More than 100 bridges by floods in West Yorkshire and a bridge partially in Tadcaster in North Yorkshire . Councillor Richard Lewis : \" I everyone now the challenge of Linton Bridge considerable and detailed and complex work , so not something that can quickly . \" The meeting also not to a temporary footbridge in place due to cost and environmental impact . A free shuttle bus service between Linton and Wetherby since January .", "Organisers about 10,000 people , in the city 's biggest show of solidarity with foreigners . At least five people and foreign-owned shops in attacks since last week . The influential Zulu king of the violence - charges he . For the latest news , views and analysis the BBC Africa Live page . Locals foreigners of their jobs in a country where the official unemployment rate 24 % . Tens of thousands of foreigners , mostly from other African states and Asia , to South Africa since white-minority rule in 1994 . At least 62 people in xenophobic attacks that South Africa in 2008 . you in Durban ? What your reaction to the march against xenophobia ? haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk with your experience . If you would happy to further to a BBC journalist , please a contact telephone number . your pictures to yourpics @ bbc.co.uk , them here , them to @ BBC _ HaveYourSay or text 61124 . If you outside the UK , them to the international number + 44 7624 800 100 . Or us on + 44 7525 900971 our terms and conditions .", "Nottinghamshire Police present when the man from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham on Friday evening . A witness the Nottingham Post he the first fall before to another flat and again . Police not the death of the man , in his mid-30s , as suspicious . Officers to Waterloo Road at about 19:30 GMT .", "The Public Administration Committee it would written evidence and an interim report before the summer recess later this month . Eurosceptic Tories the rules to the government to openly to in the EU . But ministers it to them to their work . The committee , by Conservative MP Bernard Jenkin , the purdah probe would the first part of a wide-ranging inquiry into the EU Referendum Bill , the law that will a referendum on the UK 's membership of the EU by the end of 2017 . Mr Jenkin he and his colleagues to why the government to partially \" \" the rules on government announcements in the four weeks up to the referendum . The inquiry will on the rules , as out in the 2000 Political Parties and Referendum Act , the government 's case for them , how ministers to about it and the impact it will on the impartiality of the civil service . In a vote on the issue last month , 27 Conservative MPs against their party , ministers to the full purdah period although the government the vote after Labour . The government the rules would potentially ministers from EU meetings and decisions with a European dimension . They they will MPs' concerns about this and other matters - such as the funding available to different sides and the length of the campaign itself - as the bill its way through the Commons . The committee will its report on 22 July .", "But archaeologist Steve Clarke this farmhouse once on stilts on a manmade island in an Ice Age lake 4,900 years ago . The \" crannog 's \" timbers and carbon dating they on Jordan Way , Monmouth , 2,917 years BC . A slab of timber when the estate in 2003 . It the second crannog in Wales . But the first , at Llangorse Lake , in the Brecon Beacons , thousands of years younger than the recent discovery . \" This very important , it a huge lake that here until the Iron Age ,\" Mr Clarke , 70 . \" This will us what here in the Stone Age - we so little about that period . \"", "Gwent Police to the incident near Raglan Services at about 11:30 BST on Sunday . The ambulance service a patient to Bristol Royal Infirmary . The road in both directions between Monmouth and Raglan for about four hours but police traffic now freely .", "The organisations the Freedom of Information Act to details on pay packages for everyone from managers and hospital doctors to dentists and GPs . Researchers bonuses , pension contributions and redundancy payments , as well as salaries , in the sums . The Taxpayers' Alliance some of the figures . In particular , the lobby group the sums to senior managers . The overwhelming majority of staff on six-figure salaries clinical , GPs , hospital consultants and dentists . But nearly 2,400 of the staff by NHS bodies in the UK in non-clinical roles - of these 472 more than \u00a3 150,000 . The Daily Mail its analysis of annual accounts of NHS bodies that the pay bill for NHS directors by 22 % in two years . Another 534 employees of quangos also on six-figure salaries . Taxpayers' Alliance chief executive Jonathan Isaby : \" No-one doctors and nurses well for the tough jobs they , but it to bosses at hospitals to in the cash . \" It an insult to taxpayers , but it even worse for patients who because of mismanagement and worse . \" The rewards-for-failure culture rife in the NHS and it must out as a matter of urgency . \" However , separate figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre that overall the number of managers in the health service in England , senior and lower level ones , . There now just over 37,600 - down by nearly a fifth in five years . Ministers in England also out that they to NHS bodies to \" and \" practices where staff lucrative pay-offs and then again in closely jobs , while any salaries above the level of the prime minister 's now to by the Department of Health . Health Minister David Prior : \" We absolutely clear that value for money for the taxpayer vital , every pound that or unnecessarily a pound that cannot on after patients . \" Rob Webster , chief executive of the NHS Confederation , the pay levels , a chief executive in the NHS \" one of the toughest jobs in the country \" . And he : \" In the toughest environment for the NHS in a generation , we good leaders who can care . They the ambition and the skills to people with them , and the stability and time to relationships around a common goal for their local population . \"", "28 June 2016 Last at 08:03 BST On 1 July 1916 , British soldiers in the Battle of the Somme . The people in charge that the battle to to the war . But by the time it over , more than a million soldiers on both sides or . Even now people ca n't on whether it the right decision or a huge mistake . Martin to the trenches in northern France to out what .", "Chay Roberts-Jones at Blundells School at Tiverton , Devon , when he the girl under the guise of her a sports massage . Roberts-Jones , 29 , of sexually two other girls at a summer ball and a camping trip by a jury in February at Exeter Crown Court . He a physics teacher at the \u00c2 \u00a3 31,000 a year school but now in France . The court details of the conviction to to the French authorities to Roberts-Jones , previously of Preston Street , Exeter , not able to with children again . In May 2014 , he to his victim a massage after she cramp but on to her top and to down her trousers . Recorder Mr Philip Mott , QC there a \" higher culpability because of the abuse of trust \" . He : \" This not just and an error of judgment but a more determined effort to your desire and her resistance . \" The judge Roberts-Jones , who now adults in France , \" substantial punishment in terms of career , self image and place in society \" and his sentence for two years . He Roberts-Jones to \u00c2 \u00a3 2,500 costs and on the sex offenders register . Emily Cook , for the defence , there an \" element of infatuation \" with the victim which \" out of hand \" .", "The victim in a stable condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital after seriously in a confrontation in Portslade on Saturday . A 15-year-old boy from Hove on suspicion of murder and GBH with intent . An 18-year-old man from Portslade on suspicion of affray . Both until 18 November . A boy from Portslade , also on suspicion of murder , in police custody . Sussex Police emergency services to Abinger Road at 17:17 BST where a group of youths in the car park of the Co-op store .", "Tanveer Iqbal 's body in his Renault Clio in Portland Road , Edgbaston , on Monday afternoon . The 33-year-old not since his Hi-Tech Music shop in Shireland Road , Smethwick , on Sunday evening and . Police his death currently as suspicious and a post-mortem examination will out . Mr Iqbal at midday on Monday . More on this story and others from Birmingham and Black Country Portland Road off between City Road and the Ridgeway and the car away for investigation . Det Insp Paul Joyce police \" around the clock \" to to together Mr Iqbal 's last movements . \" Portland Road likely to closed until later today while my team to out an important forensic examination at the scene ,\" he . \" I particularly keen to to any witnesses who may Mr Iqbal between his shop in Smethwick on Sunday night and the time he at lunchtime on Monday . \"", "The record a break during which singer Billie Joe Armstrong to rehab for prescription pill addiction and guitarist Jason White treatment for tonsil cancer . \" To a chart-topping album at this stage of our career especially gratifying ,\" the band . As with 2004 's American Idiot , the record a critique of US society . The album 's first single , Bang Bang , the culture of mass shootings , the story of one such incident through the eyes of a perpetrator . The title track after Armstrong a march in Manhattan , New York , against a grand jury 's decision not to a white police officer for the killing of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson . \" It all over the country ,\" he Rolling Stone magazine . \" It a trip to people against the old order . \" I that people n't to obsolete in the things that we about . \" Revolution Radio its nearest competitor , Barry Gibb 's In The Now , by a ratio of two to one , the Official Charts Company . Other new entries in this week 's album chart from US rock band Alter Bridge , who at three with The Last Hero , and the Kaiser Chiefs , whose pop-centric album Together at four . Pop band OneRepublic a new entry at six with Oh My My , while Norah Jones at 10 with Day Breaks , a record that a return to the jazz-inflected style of her debut , Away With Me . In the singles chart , James Arthur on to the number one spot for the third week in a row , with his downbeat ballad You Wo n't . The singer his lead over the competition thanks to a performance on last week 's X Factor , which in 50,000 sales and 5.16 million streams - the highest figure his song so far . Bruno Mars the highest new entry 24K Magic , a charismatic retread of his hit single Uptown Funk ; while Swedish star Zara Larsson closer to the top 10 with her single Ai n't My Fault three places to number 13 . Actress-turned-pop star Hailee Steinfeld the highest-climbing single of the week , as Starving - her collaboration with dance producer Zedd - from 28 to 17 . us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 44-year-old in charge at Rugby Park since February 2016 , when he Gary Locke . He Killie in the Premiership last season and them in sixth place . Chris Brass , 41 , in December as head coach at Bury until the end of the season after David Flitcroft . \" Lee someone who I through his playing and managerial career ,\" Shakers chairman Stewart Day . \" I firmly that Lee the right man and he an enthusiasm and passionate desire to this club forward . I overwhelmed with his knowledge of the club and the contacts he in the game and how he in what we can together . \" Former Huddersfield , Birmingham and Blackpool boss Clark charge of a Bury side in the relegation zone in the third tier and will on the sidelines for the game against Chesterfield on Saturday . Assistant Lee McCulloch will interim manager of Kilmarnock , with Peter Leven as his No.2 . McCulloch likely to the position until the end of the season . Clark , a former midfielder at Newcastle , Fulham and Sunderland , 10 of his 44 games in charge at Kilmarnock . \" I a wonderful year as Kilmarnock manager ,\" he the club website . \" The club and fans myself and my family fantastically - we in a good position with a strong and loyal squad and staff . \" The directors me their full support in the squad and the fans will always a special place in my heart , but I still huge ambition to one day at the highest level in England , which obviously the Premier League . \" I that the fresh challenge of a club in England 's League One could me with the platform to towards this goal . \"", "This the number of military dismissals to more than 3,000 the coup , in which rebel units tanks and aircraft to to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . On Saturday Mr Erdogan steps to all armed forces under direct government control , amid a crackdown . He US-based cleric Fetullah Gulen of behind the coup attempt . At least 246 people as rebel soldiers to power on 15 July . Mr Gulen any involvement . The latest soldiers to Mr Erdogan 's chief military adviser , a top aide to the chief of the general staff and the defence minister 's chief secretary . On Saturday the government plans to all military academies and land , naval and air forces under the control of the defence ministry . The proposals to by parliament . The coup a massive purge , with 66,000 public sector workers and 50,000 passports . The state also 142 media outlets and journalists . A three-month state of emergency also . President Erdogan international unease about the crackdown , his foreign critics : \" your own business . \"", "The Local Government Association authorities fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings . Staff also closely with tenants to and fire safety advice . Police at least 30 people as a result of the west London blaze . Live : Latest updates on the Grenfell Tower fire Lord Porter , LGA chairman , : \" the horrific fire at Grenfell Tower , councils with tower blocks in their local area with their local fire service , and urgent reviews of their high-rise buildings . \" Fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings and double checks to remedial work under previous assessments out . \" Extra fire safety checks immediately across local authorities , Camden , Newham , Croydon and Redbridge . In Leeds , which 116 blocks , the council out a review of fire safety in all blocks as a matter of urgency , but residents adequate checks already in place . In the Midlands , councils in Coventry and Birmingham , which 38 high-rise blocks , they double-checked records and no buildings like the type in Grenfell Tower . London fire : Homes to Grenfell victims London fire : Fire protesters town hall May ' proper investigation ' into fire In Wolverhampton , the city council that of the 36 tower blocks across the city , a number external cladding . The authority it \" confident \" the cladding of a correct standard , but will urgent checks with manufacturers . Fire crews in Solihull high-rise blocks to residents . Senior councillors in Liverpool will a meeting with social landlords on Saturday , while the fire service its inspection processes for high-rise buildings and inspections of high-rise premises across Merseyside . St Katherine 's Court in Northampton , which recently , earlier by the fire service . Management cladding a different type to that on Grenfell Tower . Meanwhile , fire services in Lincolnshire , Cambridgeshire and Humberside also they will high-rise buildings . And in Cornwall , which one tower block , a meeting with residents and council and fire officers for next week . Lord Porter : \" Councils the safety of residents extremely seriously . We to with certainty how this fire and why it so quickly so that councils can to any action . \"", "The vehicle on the road between Mecca and Medina , Mena . There 44 Egyptian pilgrims on board the bus when it , the agency . The incident just days after 16 Palestinian pilgrims from the West Bank when their bus in Jordan on its way to Saudi Arabia . The groups both to Mecca to the lesser Islamic pilgrimage , or Umrah .", "Media playback unsupported on your device 24 February 2015 Last at 20:27 GMT The 67-year-old , who fearful of to his Gateshead home after the attack in January , house hunting thanks to an online fundraising campaign that donations of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 330,000 . But Mr Barnes , whose collarbone when he to the ground , Look North 's Peter Harris he not yet ready to his attacker , drug-user Richard Gatiss , 25 .", "Media playback not on this device The American , 32 , to part after up on the range but he then on the first tee . The US Open champion on the stairs and his lower back on Wednesday . \" I the best golf of my life and to a freak accident yesterday afternoon , it really bad ,\" Johnson . \" I on all morning and obviously I can some swings , but I ca n't full , I ca n't my normal swing and I n't there any chance I could . \" The 15-time PGA Tour winner : \" I socks and and down the three stairs . The left side of my lower back the brunt of it and my left elbow as well . \" Johnson 's caddie the ball on his tee for him on the range , while coach Butch Harmon pain Johnson 's rest overnight . Shortly before his withdrawal , he from wedge shots on the range to fuller swings and his involvement likely as he his way to the first tee for a scheduled 19:03 BST start alongside partners Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker . Johnson a popular pick to the first major of the year as a result of the fine form he in 2017 . He the past three tournaments in which he - February 's Genesis Open , and both the WGC Mexico Championship and WGC Dell Match Play in March . As well as last year 's US Open by four shots , he ninth at the Open Championship and fourth at the Masters . BBC Radio 5 live correspondent Iain Carter Johnson until the very last second to what must an agonising decision to out . He on the first tee before the toughest call of his career . It a severe blow for the player who golf this season . He here off the back of three big victories and a justifiable favourite . All that through his freak fall at his rental home and the damage to his back .", "Tony Tinley to The Sunday Times report that the company may research budgets overseas if government support for innovation . Mr Tinley he the firm to itself to the city . Rolls-Royce it in research and development \" where the environment supportive \" . The union that grants by the department for Business , Innovation and Skills , to firms like Rolls-Royce , could into loans as a result of spending cuts . Mr Tinley , a senior regional Unite officer in the East Midlands , : \" If you [ research and development ] , the manufacturing with it . \" You could that the whole presence of Rolls-Royce at risk . \" I a scaremonger for this but when I and in the eyes of these people [ senior management ] , I n't that commitment . \" Dr Ian Jackson , from Staffordshire University 's business school , grants into loans could a serious effect on Rolls-Royce . He : \" It would at risk the qualified scientists and engineers not just at Rolls-Royce in Derby , but also the supply chain , and wider into the hinterland of what that . \" Rolls-Royce , which about 13,000 people in Derby , in a statement : \" Rolls-Royce always that we in research and development where the environment supportive . \" The location of research and technology dependent on where the early stages of innovation , and the UK today a compelling and competitive environment for Rolls-Royce to . \" A government spokesperson : \" We the UK to the best place in Europe to and a business . \" We support for business , collaboration and in research infrastructure on a record scale . \"", "Bangladesh police the murder of an Italian aid worker who on Monday , with the Islamic State group it responsible . The two-Test series due to in Chittagong on Friday , 9 October . \" One man , an Italian , and the tour off . We 50,000 people in Pakistan ,\" Khan . Khan to figures the number of \" fatalities in terrorist violence \" in Pakistan since 2003 . In May , Pakistan their first home full international fixture since gunmen a bus the Sri Lanka team on its way to in Lahore in 2009 . \" A certain amount of tension likely through terrorism , but they to the Bangladeshis , the Indians , the Sri Lankans and Pakistanis . We them 100 % protection ,\" Khan . \" Some of the countries , like Australia and New Zealand , perhaps oversensitive . \" Cricket Australia initially the team 's departure on 28 September while it on a \" revised security plan \" . But it now that official advice it \" no alternative but to the tour \" . The Bangladesh Cricket Board ( BCB ) it \" disappointed \" by the decision but \" committed to the series at a later date \" . On Wednesday , the BCB \" VVIP \" treatment for the Australian team , they would the same level of security to heads of state . England due to Bangladesh to two Tests and three one-day internationals in October and November 2016 .", "Cryptococcus neoformans a fungus that can a fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems - particularly those with advanced HIV . Birds to the fungus , with experts why the birds themselves not to ill . Research a blood cell a macrophage can its growth . The fungus , in bird 's droppings , mostly the lungs or the central nervous system . Scientists at the University of Sheffield and the University of Birmingham it can slowly within the bird 's digestive tract , but if it to the bird 's body the immune system immediately it . Dr Simon Johnston , who the research , : \" Birds a higher body temperature than humans , but this alone not enough to fully the fungus . \" By bird cells under the microscope , we that macrophage cells the ability to completely the growth of the fungus , which can fatal in humans . He : \" If we can how some animals able to infection we might able to insights into how we can the human immune response to this fungus . \" The universities the work part of a larger international effort to cryptococcosis . The findings in the journal Scientific Reports .", "The flight from Manchester Airport to Agadir in Morocco , to London Gatwick less than an hour after take-off on Thursday . The Thomson Airways Boeing 737-800 off at 18:42 BST before . A spokeswoman for the airline it an \" extremely rare \" event and the diversion \" precautionary \" . The flight later safely in Agadir . Liam Bolton , 27 , from Chester in Cheshire , to Morocco for a holiday with his girlfriend when he a \" sudden crack \" on the aircraft . He the plane \" up like someone a photo \" . \" It about 10-15 minutes after take-off and there a large flash ... everyone round to each other and it lightning . \" About half an hour later , the pilot we by lightning and we 'd at Gatwick ,\" he . After around three hours on the runway , the same plane off , he . Thomson Airways for any inconvenience by the adverse weather conditions .", "Victoria Gayle , 31 , with the lawful and decent burial of a body after police the remains of a baby at her home last month . Ms Gayle , previously of West Hendon , north London , at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court on Monday afternoon . She only to her name , address , and date of birth . The court a post-mortem examination place at Great Ormond Street Hospital on 2 June but the cause of death could not yet . Ms Gayle also with the course of justice . She not to a plea and will at Kingston Crown Court on 8 July . The charge a case review of an investigation into a child who missing in 2004 , which by the death of another child at an address in Barnet in 2015 . The investigation to the arrest of a 50-year-old woman in Fryent Crescent , West Hendon in north London . A 52-year-old man also on suspicion of a lawful and decent burial . Both until mid-July .", "The A344 next to the monument in June to \" the dignity \" of the stone circle as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 27m project . Residents of villages Shrewton and Orcheston their lanes \" rat runs \" for drivers congestion on the A303 . Campaigners will signatures for a petition this weekend . Janice Hassett , from the Shrewton Traffic Action Group ( Stag ) , : \" The A344 should not before the A303 . \" The A303 at Stonehenge Bottom bad before , but it a nightmare now . \" Traffic stupidly up to Thruxton on a holiday weekend . \" Sat-navs people right through our villages . There to an accident . \" The petition for \" urgent action \" to to high volumes of non-local traffic the B3086 through Shrewton , a 20mph speed limit to and better signage to .", "The Championship side willing to the Scotland international to on a free transfer , but they also willing to a loan move . The 28-year-old , who out of contract at the end of the season , Blues from Swindon in August 2012 . He since in 159 games for the club , but to just one appearance this season . \" We a very good chat ,\" boss Gianfranco Zola BBC Sport . \" I him very clearly that I n't if he to . \" He players in front of him in his position , but I him that If you to and and you to , then you will . \" Caddis a player whose name in Birmingham footballing folklore , the late goal at Bolton that Blues in the Championship on the final day of the season , in May 2014 .", "Australia in a commanding position after two days of the second Test at Lord 's as they to the series after England 's win in Cardiff . Johnson , 33 , man of the series Australia 's Ashes win in 2013-14 when he 37 wickets . \" I so . That 'd nice , to those scars back out ,\" he . Left-arm paceman Johnson a chastening time at the first Test in Cardiff as he with match figures of 2-180 . But he back to something like his best at Lord 's with 2-16 from a six-over spell as England from 30-4 to 85-4 after Australia on 566-8 . \" Nothing for me . It always nice to out there and and to at good pace ,\" Johnson . \" The ball over here too and I really that . When the ball at good pace it it a little more difficult . \" He also to light of England 's talk of a more style of cricket under new coach Trevor Bayliss . \" We they would out and the aggressive brand they about ,\" he . \" We they out in the morning and the same thing . \" And he : \" I Ben Stokes a very aggressive player anyway so we 'd to him some shots and hopefully a couple of quick wickets in the morning . \" I ca n't for them , if they to aggressive cricket or if they to the other way . \" England paceman Stuart Broad , who four for 83 in Australia 's first innings , his side to the pressure of the tourists' huge total . \" It always a tricky period when you a lot of runs to then out and for 30 overs ,\" he . \" It always a big test for you and I mentally we n't on for 20 minutes - and four wickets . \" We 'll a few batsmen in that room they could their balls again and them pretty differently , I . \"", "Police paint over doors and windows at Crumlin Orange Hall some time between 2300 BST on Monday and 1000 BST on Tuesday . SDLP South Antrim MLA Thomas Burns those behind the attack which he \" pointless \" . \" They can only and , they can only pain and hardship and useless expense to taxpayers and ratepayers ,\" he .", "The third death on Monday and five critically ill in hospital , the event in Haaksbergen in Overijssel province . Video footage the pick-up with tyres over a row of cars as part of the show , but then off course . A boy , a man and a woman . Besides the five critically there another 18 with lesser injuries , the Haaksbergen mayor 's office . Helicopters the to hospitals in three nearby towns . \" A so-called monster truck into a crowd of spectators . A terrible accident with two dead victims ,\" town authorities on their website on Sunday . Video of the accident on social media the truck hard and then over six cars before suddenly towards spectators who from the show by metal barriers . , some to away but others no time to . The driver of the truck and an inquiry , police , by local media .", "Frank Field Jeremy Corbyn in touch on \" economic injustices \" but of an electoral \" walloping \" over security and migration . Mr Corbyn against Britain 's nuclear weapons system and on the UK to more refugees . Meanwhile , a former Labour pollster the party 's report into why it the election . Deborah Mattinson the BBC 's Sunday Politics her research not in the review , by Dame Margaret Beckett , and it a \" whitewash and a massive opportunity \" . Labour the Beckett report \" far and wide \" , input from pollsters , pundits and academics . Mr Field , a former welfare minister , on migration issues alongside Conservative MP Sir Nicholas Soames . In a Sunday Telegraph article , they for an end to the UK 's \" open-door policy \" , of a risk to social cohesion unless immigration . He Sky News : \" On the big issues , sadly , which will the next election , which about our borders and us as a nation , the Labour opposition as if it in the opposite direction . \" Clearly that to to out before the next election if we not to a walloping yet again . \" on the BBC 's Sunday Politics , Michael Dugher , who as shadow culture secretary in Mr Corbyn 's reshuffle , the Labour leader \" a big test \" in the May elections . Mr Dugher Mr Corbyn to a chance because of his \" huge mandate from party members \" , but he to he could this into support from the public , Conservative voters . to John Pienaar on BBC Radio 5 Live , former front-bencher Chuka Umunna May 's elections would \" essential \" but Mr Corbyn \" by our members and he a chance to he can it \" . He also it \" unfair \" to the report into Labour 's election defeat a whitewash .", "Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service , which about 700 people , may also 50-60 on-call firefighters as part of the savings plan . The number of full-time stations to four in a previous round of cuts - two remain in Ipswich , along with Lowestoft and Bury St Edmunds . A public consultation on Suffolk County Council 's plans will now place . Seven of the county 's 47 fire engines could and Wrentham fire station may as part of the \u00a3 1.3m cuts . A fire engine in Sudbury , where a major fire out in September , could with a smaller \" rapid response \" vehicle . Matthew Hicks , of Suffolk County Council , he confident an \" outstanding service \" could . \" Without question , this a set of proposals ,\" he . \" However , they by the feedback we during the recent pre-consultation in the summer . \" I now people to to this full consultation so we a wide range of views to our final decisions . \" There a fall in the number of emergency calls over the last 10 years in Suffolk , in line with other authorities , from about 10,000 in 2004 to about 6,700 last year . A spokesman for the Suffolk Fire Brigades Union they \" deeply concerned about the cuts \" which , they , \" nothing but dangerous \" . Chairman Andy Vingoe : \" The \u00a3 1.3m saving could totally if council tax by less than \u00a3 1.80 per person in Suffolk per year . \" We strongly all residents to to the consultation to the council that we not prepared to these cuts . \"", "to reporters , FBI boss James Comey the plans to encryption by default could law enforcement investigations . Lives could on police forces to access to the data on devices by criminals and terrorists , he . The FBI to both Apple and Google about its fears , Mr Comey . The conversations with tech firms to before the day when police forces access to those devices , he . \" I 'd to people at me and , ' Well how you ca n't this kid ? ' ' How you ca n't this thing ?'\" Mr Comey in a briefing . His comments in reaction to a decision by Apple to a file encryption system on its iOS 8 software for which it no keys . This it would not able to with any official request to police at the data on those devices . Google it too to a similar encryption system by default on the next version of Android . Mr Comey he \" very concerned \" about these plans because of what they would people to . \" What me about this companies something expressly to people to themselves beyond the law ,\" he . \" I a huge believer in the rule of law , but I also a believer that no-one in this country beyond the law ,\" he . Apple and Google yet to to Mr Comey 's comments . Ten days prior to Mr Comey 's press statement , iOS data forensics expert Jonathan Zdziarski out that Apple 's encryption system would not police at data on portable devices . Specifically security systems just to the police a bad decision , he . \" For the sake of privacy and overall security , the only logical solution to products as secure as possible , and good detective work the crime , rather than an easy button ,\" he in a blogpost .", "Cheap miniature versions of the unmanned aircraft by the military could into the wrong hands , he the UK 's Guardian newspaper . neighbours , he , might up each other with private surveillance drones . He also of the risk of terrorists the new technology . Mr Schmidt to close relations with US President Barack Obama , whom he on matters of science and technology . \" You a dispute with your neighbour ,\" he The Guardian in an interview on Saturday . \" How would you if your neighbour over and a commercial observation drone that they can from their backyard . It just over your house all day . How would you about it ? \" of mini-drones' potential as a terrorist weapon , he : \" I not to judgment on whether armies should , but I would to not and the ability to war to every single human being . \" \" It to ... It one thing for governments , who some legitimacy in what they , but other people it ... it not to . \" Small drones , such as cameras , already available worldwide , and non-military surveillance recently to poachers in the remote Indian state of Assam . The US and Israel the way in recent years in drones as weapons of war as well as for surveillance . America 's Federal Aviation Administration currently how commercial drones , or unmanned aircraft systems , can safely into US airspace .", "Norah Boyle , 85 , a head injury as Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma her to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton . She 23 days later . The workers 999 and Mrs Boyle her head on the head board . They must 160 hours' unpaid work and \u00c2 \u00a3 500 court costs each . The pair not for responsible for the fall , but for \" grossly negligent in their response \" . Mrs Boyle in hospital after pneumonia . In sentencing , judge Mark Wall it impossible to whether the incident any earlier would any difference to Mrs Boyle 's eventual death . Her daughter , Ellen Boyle , : \" I appalled that that what they for what to my mum . \" I appalled that my mother 's life only worth 12 months of a community order . \" after the court hearing Det Sgt Victoria Lee the pair an ambulance while they up with a cover story . \" While [ Duncan and Ouma ] , Mrs Boyle in bed with a serious head injury , her head onto the pillow ,\" she . \" Most of us relatives who frail , disabled or vulnerable\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 we them to for professionally and compassionately . \" Duncan , 40 , of Shartlands Close , Cotteridge , and Ouma , 31 , of Summerfield Crescent , Edgbaston , guilty at an earlier hearing at Birmingham Crown Court to neglect and ill-treatment .", "The game cards with a series of quiz questions , but some of the answers incorrect . One answer the moon 225 miles away from the earth - instead of about 238,900 miles . Manufacturers Paul Lamond Games they \" unreservedly \" and replacement cards would . It at least six of the 50 answers in one round of the game - which \u00c2 \u00a3 19.99 - incorrect . One answer Stonehenge in Somerset instead of Wiltshire and a maths question two bigger than three . It also Albert Einstein in 1949 instead of 1955 and the number of Coronation Street episodes to date as 8,000 , when the actual figure more than 9,000 . One customer who the game The Sun : \" I could n't it , the answers so ridiculous ... [ but ] the kids wo n't the game could possibly wrong . \" A representative for Paul Lamond Games the BBC : \" We aware of some mistakes with the answers to the questions within the first production run of this game . \" \" These now and we would to unreservedly for these errors . \" Any customer can us their name and full address and we will out a replacement set of cards free of charge . \" The company 's email address available on their official website . Ant & Dec - whose full names Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly - Saturday Night Takeaway on ITV since 2002 , although the show a four-year break from 2009 . us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Some 1,500 officers to the Olympic Stadium area , authorities . Officials in high alert Tuesday 's attacks in Brussels . Last year , a friendly between Germany and the Netherlands in Hannover off two hours before its start due to a security threat , four days after the Paris attacks . One of the targets in Paris the Stade de France , where Germany France in a friendly match . Some 72,000 people to Saturday 's match in Berlin between two of the favourites for June 's Euro 2016 . In the hours ahead of the game , fans around the stadium amid a heavy security presence . They security checks and bag searches before the arena . \" This of course a very large event lots of people . Like all large events , there a certain risk , so we well prepared ,\" Berlin police spokesman Stefan Redlich Reuters news agency . \" We the Olympic stadium with dogs to out explosives before we the fans in . So we can relatively certain that there no dangerous objects in the stadium . \"", "The firm an application with the Hong Kong stock exchange on Thursday in a bid to growth in one of the world 's fastest movie markets . Imax 's China profits nearly 30 % last year , to the filing . It rapidly in the Greater China region , nearly the number of theatres since 2012 . March figures Imax 239 theatres in China , Hong Kong and Taiwan , but the company it to another 219 theatres in China . News of the listing as box office revenue in the world 's second largest economy 36 % last year to $ 4.9bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.2bn ) , which nearly three times more than it 2010 . The parent company already in New York and its shares as much as 9 % after the announcement .", "Officers the Maserati GranCabrio - a basic model of which can up to \u00a3 100,000 new - on King 's Road in Kingston on suspicion of it no insurance . The Met the car and the owner would to court . If guilty the owner , who not , a minimum \u00a3 300 fine and six points on their licence A Kingston Police spokesman the driver over because officers the car very expensive for a learner to . In March , a \" gold fleet \" a Lamborghini Aventador , a Mercedes G63 6x6 and a Bentley Flying Spur all in Knightsbridge with parking tickets on their windscreens .", "\" It surreal , man , it really ,\" Gennett , the first Reds player to the feat and who also a club record with 10 runs in . \" I truly blessed . from here , here . It an honour for sure . \" No player ever more than four in a game - Bobby Lowe the first , for Boston Beaneaters on 30 May , 1894 . Josh Hamilton the most recent to the record , for Texas against Baltimore on 8 May , 2012 .", "Mark Gilmore in June 2014 by the county 's police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts in Northern Ireland . PCC Mark Burns-Williamson prosecutors there no criminal case for the chief constable to . However , Mr Gilmore will not to his post immediately . In a statement , Mr Burns-Williamson : \" There however a legal requirement for me to conduct matters in relation to the police standards of professional behaviour and an independent investigation will out by Lancashire Police . \" While this conduct investigation place Mark Gilmore to on a transition project for the National Police Chiefs' Council ( NPCC ) and to day-to-day operational control of West Yorkshire Police to his deputy Dee Collins who , in his absence , as the temporary chief constable . \" The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) a total of seven men on suspicion of offences bribery , misconduct in public office and misconduct in public office . Mr Gilmore , originally from Belfast , the Royal Ulster Constabulary , the predecessor of the PSNI , in 1983 . He Chief Constable of West Yorkshire in April 2013 .", "He the first American Secretary of State to the city . In a meeting with Somalia 's president under tight security at the airport , he : \" Next time I , we to able to just downtown \" . The US the Somali government in its fight against Islamist militant group al-Shabab , which still many rural parts of southern Somalia . African news as it : 5 May 2015 The meeting with President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud and civil leaders at Mogadishu airport , as Mr Kerry n't its heavily perimeters . Mr Kerry : \" I Somalia today because your country around \" . The more recent changes he out Somali forces al-Shabab out of big towns and a \" determined international effort \" to virtually all of Somalia 's pirates out of business . BBC Somalia analyst Mary Harper the US a crucial if controversial role in Somalia , the weak central government in its fight against al-Shabab . Al-Shabab leaders in US drone strikes . Our correspondent out that America careful to a less visible role than it in the 1990s , when the bodies of US servicemen through the streets of Mogadishu .", "Elizabeth Timar , 18 , last near Blackpool Sands at 19:45 BST on Monday . Romanian Ms Timar , from Exeter , \" at the beach for the afternoon with a male \" , Devon and Cornwall Police . The force out a major air and sea search with help from RNLI coastguards and Dartmoor Search and Rescue Group . Ms Timar last a black coat with a red top underneath , blue jeans , and a handbag . A force spokesman : \" If anybody in the area on Monday and a young female strangely then please in touch . \"", "Matthew Daley , 35 , murder but Donald Lock , 79 , in Findon , near Worthing , last July , diminished responsibility . Lewes Crown Court that rather than Asperger 's syndrome he an paranoid schizophrenic illness that for years . Forensic psychiatrist Dr Roderick Ley the assessment after the stabbing . Mr Lock , a solicitor , after at about 16mph into the back of Mr Daley 's car on the A24 in West Sussex on 16 July . He to suddenly after Mr Daley an emergency stop . The great-grandfather , who recently the all-clear from prostate cancer , at the scene . The trial how Mr Daley , formerly of St Elmo Road , Worthing , from mental health problems for 10 years , and his family \" \" with experts to him . On Monday , Dr Ley jurors : \" It clear that the diagnosis of Asperger 's wrong . \" He an paranoid schizophrenic illness that undiagnosed for many , many years . \" He Mr Daley not psychotic every moment of every day , and he would often \" \" his symptoms . However , Dr Ley that he \" narcissistic \" , \" histrionic \" and \" self-centred \" traits , that it unlikely he would ever complete resolution of his illness . Another expert , consultant forensic psychiatrist Dr Philip Joseph , he satisfied on all the evidence he that Mr Daley not psychotic at the time of the killing . Jurors also from Mr Daley 's father , who his son never a violent person . John Daley him as a \" nice guy \" who affectionate to his family and animals . He Mr Daley \" scrupulously honest in all his dealings with others , honest to a fault in that he it difficult to about things \" . He the court that he first worried about his son 's mental health when he voices . Mr Daley he a journal , partly to track of his son 's treatment . \" The second reason for the document , as time on , it clear that Matthew 's life expectations away and I n't to in my 80s and back , ' What I '?\" The trial .", "The 48-year-old in charge of Posh since Dave Robertson in September and the club as high as the play-off places in January . But they since to 14th in the table and four of their last five matches . Assistant Grant McCann will charge for the final two games of the season . Westley by BBC Radio Cambridgeshire if he increased pressure Saturday 's defeat and : \" I to every day and pressure , I pressure on myself . \" I n't football matches , but I the job here . The job to long-term winning . \" Right now the job to our young players on the pitch , to them a chance to and to , and that what we ( against Scunthorpe ) . \" There 'll lessons by all of the players , and if we to a successful club next year , then we the young players to up to the plate and the experience now will useful for them . \" The former Stevenage and Preston boss his career at the ABAX Stadium with 10 wins from his first 14 matches in all competitions . However , after to West Brom in a FA Cup fourth-round replay on penalties and the January sale of forward Conor Washington , still the club 's top scorer this season with 15 , Posh six of their next seven league matches . After a brief run of three straight victories , the club 's form again , chairman Darragh MacAnthony to \" I over 300 people at Peterborough United , not one of those employees right now a job in the summer \" . Earlier this week , Westley also his side 's poor discipline - the worst record in the Football League with 104 yellow cards and seven reds - it them games . A brief statement on the Peterborough website : \" The club would to Graham for his efforts on behalf of the football club . \" Chairman Darragh MacAnthony will time to to prospective candidates for the vacant manager position . \"", "The new network will up to 21 US-style local TV stations in areas Belfast , Edinburgh , Cardiff and London . The service will available to all terrestrial viewers and may also on satellite , cable and online . Ofcom it will on successful applicants this autumn , with the new channels to next year . Licences will on a set of criteria the provision of local news and current affairs , programme proposals , launch date and commercial viability . The 21 areas Ofcom for local TV : Belfast , Birmingham , Brighton & Hove , Bristol , Cardiff , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Grimsby , Leeds , Liverpool and London . Manchester , Newcastle , Norwich , Nottingham , Oxford , Plymouth , Preston , Sheffield , Southampton and Swansea will also from the service . The areas for sufficient levels of interest from potential operators and technically capable of a local TV service . The BBC Trust also the final details of its funding contribution for the network . As part of the current licence fee settlement , the BBC to up to \u00c2 \u00a3 25 million for the successful bidder to the network . \" I to some really exciting bids for new local TV channels ,\" UK Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt . \" Local TV will not only jobs but it will also communities with news and content that relevant to their daily lives . \"", "The pilot solo during a training flight on Thursday and for assistance while to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire . The Hawk jet promptly by another aircraft from the same squadron as a wingman to guidance . They then in formation and safely . The RAF no further details on the condition of the pilot . A spokesman : \" in formation , and an approach to land as a formation , a daily skill by RAF fast jet pilots . \"", "New Healthway , a book on hygiene and health at 11 and 12 year-olds , by one of India 's publishers . Academics the government to greater control . But the authorities schools should content as they responsible for the choice of textbooks . \" This poisonous for children ,\" Janaki Rajan of the Faculty of Education at Jamia Millia University in Delhi the BBC . \" The government the power to action , but they their hands of it ,\" she . It not known which Indian schools the book for their students , but correspondents what worrying that such a book available to students . \" The strongest argument that meat not essential food the fact that the Creator of this Universe not meat in the original diet for Adam and Eve . He them fruits , nuts and vegetables ,\" a chapter We Flesh Food ? The chapter the \" benefits \" of a vegetarian diet and on to \" some of the characteristics \" among non-vegetarians . \" They easily , lies , promises , they dishonest and bad words , , and to violence and sex crimes ,\" it . The chapter , full of factual inaccuracies , to Eskimos ( Inuit ) as \" lazy , sluggish and short-lived \" , because they on \" a diet largely of meat \" . It : \" The Arabs who in the Suez Canal on wheat and dates and superior to the beef-fed Englishmen in the same work . \" The publishers , S Chand , not to the BBC 's requests for a comment .", "The pedestrian at the Texaco garage on Roman Farm Road , Hengrove , on Tuesday evening and by the car until it on Creswicke Road . Shakrun Islam , 30 , of Chipping Sodbury , due before Bristol Crown Court on Friday . He in custody . The victim , Kyle Clarke , at the scene from his injuries . His mother , Helen Stockford , in a family statement : \" We would to the public and the emergency services for all their support on Tuesday night . \" We would the media for privacy at this time to us to in peace . \"", "23 March 2017 Last at 14:55 GMT", "Joao Santana widely as the architect of Ms Rousseff 's 2010 and 2014 election victories . He bribes in a scheme to funds from the oil company Petrobras . About 50 Brazilian politicians , the leader of the lower house of Congress , under investigation in the Petrobras corruption scandal . Mr Santana of bribes from several large engineering conglomerates . Analysts the charge against him a further blow for President Rousseff who impeachment proceedings . He in February after he from the Dominican Republic , where he on the re-election campaign of President Danilo Medina . Because of his proximity to her , the arrest to her standing further , even though impeachment proceedings against her not to the Petrobras corruption investigation . A former journalist , Mr Santana well known for dramatic , big-budget campaign videos to poorer voters . Mr Santana the accusations \" unfounded \" . And he harsh words for the investigation , that Brazil currently in a \" climate of persecution \" . If the judge the allegations against him , Mr Santana will . In Brasilia , a special Senate commission hearings ahead of a vote on whether the whole Senate should on impeachment proceedings against President Rousseff . A plenary Senate vote widely to place around 11 May . Across the country , pro-government supporters major roads in cities in nine Brazilian states during Thursday 's morning rush-hour to for the halt of impeachment proceedings against President Rousseff . In Sao Paulo , the city hundreds of kilometres of traffic jams which behind roadblocks of tyres .", "The appeal , from Interpol , part of an effort to down individuals in illegal fishing , logging and wildlife trafficking . The trade in wildlife crime to worth around $ 213bn per annum , to the UN . This the first time that individuals . Investigators from 21 countries at Interpol 's headquarters in France in October to information on suspects in a range of crimes the environment . Operation Infra Terra , the agency now for assistance from the public in down nine key suspects . \" Even the smallest detail , which you might insignificant , the potential to a case wide open when with other evidence the police already ,\" Ioannis Kokkinis , from Interpol . \" Sometimes all it a fresh pair of eyes to new momentum to an investigation and the clue which will these individuals , some of whom justice for years ,\" he . One of those Feisal Mohammed Ali , to the leader of an ivory smuggling ring in Kenya . He in connection with the seizure of 314 ivory pieces , well over two tonnes in Mombasa in June . Others on the list Ahmed Kamran who with an attempt to over 100 live animals , giraffes and impalas , to Qatar on a military plane . Ariel Bustamante Sanchez to in illegal tuna fishing in waters off Costa Rica . The move by Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) . They not just with the impact of environmental crime on species but also with the effect on political stability . \" Countries increasingly wildlife crime as a serious offence , and we will no stone unturned to and these criminals to that they to justice ,\" Ben Janse van Rensburg from Cites . \" The public can a crucial role in this collective effort , they our eyes and ears on the ground . Their support can that the offenders the full might of the law and appropriately . \" Member of the public who any information on the possible location of the fugitives can this form to Interpol . Information can also anonymously to any national crime stoppers programme . Matt on Twitter @ mattmcgrathbbc .", "The preliminary Caixin manufacturing managers' index ( PMI ) to 47 in September , below forecasts of 47.5 and down from 47.3 in August . A reading below 50 contraction in the sector , while one above expansion . The Shanghai Composite 2.2 % to 3,115.89 on the data . The private survey also the seventh consecutive month of contraction in the sector . In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index down 2.3 % at 21,302.91 . Japanese markets for a three-day public holiday and will on Thursday . In Australia , shares in mining companies by commodity prices . Oil prices to after US crude 2 % overnight on global growth concerns , while copper prices further on Chinese demand . Sydney 's S & P / ASX 200 index down 2.1 % at 4,998.10 . In South Korea , the Kospi index 1.9 % lower at 1,944.64 the release of the data from China .", "The 40-year-old former New Zealand player currently forwards coach at Clermont Auvergne and he previously a similar position at Leinster . Gibbes will under director of rugby Les Kiss , while current head coach Neil Doak 's future unclear . \" The respect I for Les as a coach and person one of my main reasons for this decision ,\" Gibbs . Ulster sixth in the Pro12 table and out of the European Champions Cup in what a largely disappointing season . \" Les his vision of where he to Ulster over the next few years ,\" Gibbes . \" Ulster a team that I well , up against them on a number of occasions . The Clermont-Ulster games this season me an insight into the strengths of the squad and it exciting to that I 'll part of that environment from next season . \" Gibbes , who Leinster in 2008 and three Heineken Cups during his spell in Dublin , : \" With six years at Leinster and three at Clermont in the Top 14 , I many different experiences , with some very talented coaches and players . \" I to what I to the role at Ulster and my family and I forward to into a strong community in Belfast . \" He to France in 2014 and part of a coaching set-up that Clermont to the Top 14 and Champions Cup finals in his debut season . \" Jono 's CV for itself and I that he forward to Ulster and with the team ,\" Kiss , 52 . \" Since his retirement from , Jono an integral role in the coaching teams of two of European rugby 's most successful sides . \" Jono 's expertise as a forwards coach obvious , however his wealth of knowledge in other areas of the game will really important for us . \" \" A review of the coaching structure ahead of next season and the appointment of Jono as head coach the first part of that process . \" A further announcement will in the weeks , which will on the right balance in our coaching team . \"", "Two up by a coastguard helicopter high up on the 3,196ft ( 974 metre ) Munro . Lomond Mountain Rescue Team two others on the lower slopes . Mountain weather forecasters winds of up to 80mph with frequent snow showers at summit level in western Scotland for Wednesday .", "The $ 43bn (\u00a3 33bn ) deal to the biggest ever foreign takeover by a Chinese company . The deal by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) which deals for national security implications . About a quarter of Syngenta 's sales in North America . China National Chemical Corporation $ 465 per share for Syngenta in February . Syngenta 's shares subsequently to about 20 % below that because of concerns that CFIUS would not the deal . However , now competition authorities elsewhere to the deal the go-ahead . In a joint statement , Syngenta and ChemChina : \" In addition to CFIUS clearance , the closing of the transaction subject to anti-trust review by numerous regulators around the world and other customary closing conditions . \" Both companies closely with the regulatory agencies and discussions constructive . The transaction to by the end of the year . \" When the deal earlier this year , Syngenta chairman Michel Demar\u00e9 that it would the company 's pesticides and seeds business to further in China . \" ChemChina a very ambitious vision of the industry in the future ,\" he . \" Obviously it very interested in food supply for 1.5 billion people and as a result that only technology can them there . \" The Chinese company a variety of businesses , the Italian tyre maker Pirelli , German machinery-maker KarussMaffei and Israel 's biggest pesticides producer . The deal would the second-biggest takeover in the chemicals industry in the past year after the $ 130bn Dow Chemical-DuPont merger last December .", "The 32-year-old in the Isthmian Premier Division with Leatherhead his release by Newport at the end of last season . Pidgeley 260 appearances in spells with nine clubs , Chelsea , Watford and Millwall . Forest Green currently second in the National League table , one point behind leaders Cheltenham Town . Pidgeley could his Rovers debut when they Aldershot on Friday .", "The crash , which at the Rising Sun in North Bradley near Trowbridge at about 06:00 GMT , a huge hole in the front of the building . Wiltshire Police the driver to Bath 's Royal United Hospital for treatment to his injuries , which not to serious . Nobody inside at the time of the crash , officers . The building to structurally safe . The road next to the pub for several hours but since .", "Davis 14 appearances for the Cod Army since on loan in October , and recently to his stay until the end of the season . The 22-year-old for Leicester from Port Vale in 2014 , but not for the first team . \" I delighted that it all now and I can on my football ,\" he the club website . \" I from the start that I 'd really interested in with the club , and I just over the moon to here now . \" The length of Davis' deal with Fleetwood not . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The former Scotland Under-21 international by Crystal Palace after he to an appearance during his two years . Kettings , 23 , three months on loan at National League side Bromley last season , 14 times . He the sixth new signing since Northern Ireland assistant Stephen Robinson as manager . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The week-long pre-trial hearing at Guantanamo Bay will largely on issues of secrecy . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed of the attacks while the others for support for the hijacking . In May , a chaotic hearing in the case 13 hours . During that hearing , which formally the five men , the defendants defiant outbursts and to the judge 's questions or the translation system . In addition to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , defendants Ramzi Binalshibh , Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi , Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali and Waleed bin Attash in a special military tribunal for wartime offences as a military commission . They with with al-Qaeda , terrorism , and one count of murder for each victim of the 11 September attacks at the time the charges - 2,976 in total . The five a possible death penalty sentence if . CIA waterboarding tapes On Monday , the defendants calmly and the judge 's questions , although Khalid Sheikh Mohammed : \" I n't there any justice in this court . \" Defence lawyers during the hearing that their clients should not to the rest of the week 's hearings , because the forcible transport from their high-security cells may them of their time at secret CIA prisons . Before their transfer to the US base at Guantanamo Bay in 2006 , the defendants for years in secret CIA prisons . All five they during interrogations . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed repeatedly before to Guantanamo . \" We to about torture ,\" Air Force Captain Michael Schwartz , a defence lawyer , on Monday . But Judge James Pohl the issue not relevant at this stage . Prosecution lawyers the use of waterboarding and similar methods could relevant when whether prisoners' statements voluntarily . The court also to a defence request to what they a \" presumptive classification \" that any discussion of the CIA prisons as top secret , as well as a media request to closing of the courtroom for secret sessions . Judge Pohl ultimately that the defendants would not to hearings to through the end of this week , but not out further pre-trial hearings . He all would to present for their trial , which not likely to for more than a year .", "The star up for the main prize , album of the year , for her ambitious visual album , Lemonade , which themes of race and female identity . Her single Formation also up for song and record of the year . In all three categories , she up against Adele - who previously the ceremony 's top three prizes in 2012 . Beyonce now 62 Grammy nominations across her work as a solo artist and as part of Destiny 's Child , her the fourth most-nominated artist ever . She 20 trophies altogether , although she yet to the album of the year prize , to the title by Beck in 2015 - much to the disgust of Kanye West , who the stage in protest . West eight nominations this year for his album The Life Of Pablo - all in the rap categories . Drake and Rihanna also eight nominations , three for their hit collaboration , Work . Grammy history Chicago-born musician Chance The Rapper , whose album Coloring Book the first streaming-only record to by the Recording Academy . He seven nominations , best new artist , without ever a physical album or digital download . Beyonce and Adele head to head with Justin Bieber , Drake and country star Sturgill Simpson in the best album category . If Adele , she will only the second woman to the best album prize twice , after Taylor Swift . Notably absent from the shortlist David Bowie , who to for his critically-acclaimed Blackstar album . The record an appearance in the best alternative album category , as Radiohead 's A Moon Shaped Pool . Coldplay also badly , just one nomination - best music video - despite millions of copies of their latest album , A Head Full Of Dreams . Prince a posthumous nomination for his final album , Hit N Run Phase Two , in the best , non-classical category , where Blackstar also the shortlist . British star James Corden will the 2017 Grammy Awards , which place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on Sunday , 12 February . Album Of The Year Record Of The Year Song Of The Year Best New Artist Best alternative album Best pop album Best rap album us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "David Cameron a stadium would \" young people , jobs and wealth \" to the county . Labour it a \" cynical \" attempt to voters , the Liberal Democrats where the funds would from , and Mebyon Kernow it not the Tory 's promise . Recent planning rows the future of the stadium in question . In March , Cornwall councillors a decision to permission to a supermarket that would for the facility , which supporters the plans in jeopardy . proposals for the stadium at West Langarth to to the council in May . Mr Cameron he to the Department of Culture , Media and Sport to with Sport England , Cornwall Council and local sports teams to a way to it . \" The stadium proposal an exciting one . If it some extra money I 'd that money available ,\" he . However , Stuart Roden , Labour candidate for Truro and Falmouth , : \" This announcement today a cynical empty promise and will to nothing . \" It simply more smoke and mirrors and people wo n't for fools by this unfunded distraction . \" Simon Rix , who for the Lib Dems in the constituency , BBC News : \" I massively in favour of a stadium in the right place if we can the money . \" But it like the Conservative promises on the NHS , they not where the money to from . \" Stephen Richardson , who for Mebyon Kernow in Truro and Falmouth , : \" You to me if I n't a single syllable of any David Cameron promise during the election campaign . \" here for more information on the constituency and a full list of candidates .", "Rooney , 28 , an offer that would him the highest player in United 's history . The England striker in the final 18 months of his \u00a3 250,000-a-week contract and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho interested in him . United and Rooney to contract talks in the week . Rooney , who United from Everton in August 2004 , the fourth-highest goalscorer in United history . However , to former United manager Sir Alex Ferguson , Rooney for a transfer towards the end of last season . He with a move to Chelsea last summer and the Blues a bid by United . Rooney 11 goals in 24 games for United this season before by an injury which him out since 1 January .", "The 25-year-old 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U 's last season , but not a game this term . The Stags the deal an option to a permanent move . \" This a young man who I first to when he goals in the Scottish Premier League for Dundee ,\" manager Steve Evans the club website . Media playback not on this device all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The aircraft , \" Bette \" after one of its pilot 's girlfriends , in 1941 from donations from the Borough of Lambeth Spitfire Fund . It in Cornwall , Hampshire , Norfolk and Shropshire during the war but in 1944 . Bidding below its \u00c2 \u00a3 120,000 to \u00c2 \u00a3 150,000 valuation . The aircraft service with four RAF squadrons between 1941 and 1944 and by author Alec Lumsden , who it the name Bette and a character from the Daily Mirror cartoon strip ' Just Jake ' to the paint work . After it in Shropshire in September 1944 , its Australian pilot , its wreckage to Ibsley museum , Ringwood , Hampshire and . The aircraft later to a collector who it at events . It also by modelmakers Airfix and Revell . John Tomlin , from Historics at Brooklands , : \" The historical side of war birds an up-and-coming market . There now about 42 Spitfires and this to ever year . \" The rarity , the history and the provenance of all these aircraft them very investable items and they investments that can and by a lot of people . \" Experts it would about \u00c2 \u00a3 1.8m to fully the plane .", "The boar - which a head - one of a number of animated replica creatures at Mountfitchet Castle . Staff at the site , an open air museum , surprised to two nests next to the arc of its belly . Owner Jeremy Goldsmith the chicks on Thursday morning a \" lovely surprise \" for staff . He it unclear why the hens the nests next to the boar , though it likely they it because it a secluded spot with straw , and perhaps for a sense of protection from the replica animal The chicks on top of the boar 's back and head .", "While it recruitment from outside the EU , it \" recruitment \" from EU countries , the home affairs select committee . Net migration by 30 % in the year to June , to 336,000 - more than three times David Cameron 's target . The PM he will not his aim to the figure to 100,000 . Under the immigration cap , in 2011 , the number of \" tier 2 \" visas to workers from non-EU countries to 20,700 a year . But a report by the select committee the limit \" counter-productive \" . It that \" a large number \" of applications from nurses with job offers in the UK because of limits on the number of visas each month . Committee chairman Keith Vaz the government 's immigration cap \" no effect \" on down net migration - the difference between those into the country and those out each year - but \" could a crisis in the NHS this winter \" . He : \" When the cap earlier this year , we the perverse effects of the system , as the cap higher-paid jobs . \" In June , nurses from in the UK , which the government emergency measures to recruitment to . \" Whilst this a very welcome move , it clear to that the system could a crisis in the NHS this winter . \" A system which panicked adjustments to functional not fit for purpose . Nurses should on the shortage occupation list . \" A total of 641,000 people to the UK in 2014 , the Office for National Statistics .", "The breakdown service , which also a rise in personal memberships of 0.4 % to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of January , it so far the price rise . Insurance premium tax ( IPT ) 6 % in 2015 , but up to 12 % from June . The AA it would at its fees if the tax again . \" We to our members ,\" the AA . \" But this an industry-wide challenge and we will to our pricing policy in the context of any future increase in IPT . \" The increase in memberships - an \" important milestone \" , to the company - a long-standing drop in figures . It after the AA up more members , with a 19 % rise in new business year-on-year , and more customers , with its retention rate to 82 % . It that there a 5 % rise in the number of breakdown call-outs in the 12 months to the end of January , again a trend of gradual decline , which it as \" unhelpful for costs in the short term \" . However , the company that this the chances of people their membership . The AA in technology , with more than a fifth of its members ( 22 %) its app in breakdowns , while its newly-launched in-house underwriter 115,000 car insurance policies in its first year , more than .", "Justin Welby the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury . In the UK , an act of Parliament in 1928 for Easter Sunday to on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April . However , this never and Easter variable , by the moon 's cycle . Easter the most important Christian festival , as it the resurrection of Jesus Christ his death by crucifixion on Good Friday . The archbishop he in talks with Pope Francis , Coptic leader Pope Tawadros , and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew . Mr Welby he the change would \" in between five and 10 years time \" . \" I would to it before I \" , he , although he the first attempt to such a change in the 10th Century . An Anglican source the BBC there 15 attempts to a common date since then . Easter on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon the spring equinox , it can on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April . But the Orthodox church the Julian calendar , hence later Easter celebrations with those of Western Christianity . In 1990 , the Vatican a proposal for a date , which subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments . It not yet .", "The anti-IS group Raqqa Slaughtered Silently a water pumping station , along with the Taj Hall and Furousiya area . IS-linked news agency Amaq also Raqqa 's water supply . Russia its bombers an arms depot , a chemical weapons factory and a training camp . A defence ministry statement the strikes \" significant damage \" and that a large number of militants . Raqqa Silently ( RBSS ) , whose activists on developments on the ground in Raqqa since IS militants control of the city in early 2014 , the water pumping station in Thursday 's strikes in the nearby village of Kasrat . Residents their water off \" totally \" afterwards , it . Amaq also the \" interruption of the water supply in all neighbourhoods \" . RBSS 20 civilians and 50 others in the air strikes , but the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights the death toll higher . It 24 civilians , along with six others whose identities could not yet . Raqqa , to a population of between 250,000 and 500,000 , the de facto capital of the \" caliphate \" whose creation by IS two years ago after it control of large swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq . IS militants currently under pressure from two separate offensives west and north-west of Raqqa by Russian-backed Syrian government forces and an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters by the US .", "The 22-year-old not for Shrewsbury this season , but once for Mansfield Town and four times for Wrexham while on loan . Bolton youth product Caton also for Blackpool and loan spells with Accrington and Chester before Shrewsbury in 2014 . Caton Jamie McCombe , 33 , in for the National League side . The centre-back , who 101 games for the club during his first spell , Stevenage and a contract until the end of the 2016-17 season .", "Kirklees Council on plans to staff at seven sites in Huddersfield with volunteers . Protesters who outside a council meeting on Wednesday a survey 66 % of people to the plan . The council later there would no changes for three years . Campaigners the decision \" wonderful \" . The changes would libraries at Honley , Golcar , Slaithwaite , Lepton , Kirkheaton , Denby Dale and Shepley . Campaigner June Jones professional library staff with volunteers not sustainable and likely to to library closures . Ms Jones , of Save Slaithwaite Library , : \" It wonderful for our communities and we to champagne for the next week . \"", "Like-for-like sales up by 4.9 % during the quarter with a year earlier , in part due to the success of meal deals . The company it would to from \" low cost pressures and a stronger consumer environment \" . But it that wage pressures could costs up next year . Chief executive Roger Whiteside the BBC that the chain already staff more than the national minimum wage , but that labour costs would to \" longer term inflationary pressure \" . He the business would \" for cost efficiencies to \" any costs , but that labour costs \" no fear for us \" . Shares in Greggs sharply higher and to in afternoon trading . \" The good times to for Greggs , with the bakery chain an impressive third quarter performance , on from a dynamic 51.3 % increase in first half pre-tax profits ,\" George Scott at retail analyst Conlumino . The chain meal deals , where customers can a drink together with food at a discount , popular , particularly at breakfast time . Greggs 158 stores this year , while 65 and closing 47 . The company now 1,668 outlets . \" We the High Street pretty well ,\" Mr Whiteside , so most new openings would in other areas , such as motorway services and garage forecourts .", "Jung aboard Sam , who a late replacement when Fischertakinou an infection in July . France 's Astier Nicolas silver and American Phillip Dutton bronze as GB 's William Fox-Pitt 12th . Fox-Pitt , 47 , just 10 months after in an coma a fall . The three-time Olympic medallist , aboard Chilli Morning , a faultless performance in Tuesday 's final show-jumping phase . But the former world number one 's medal bid already by a disappointing performance in the cross-country phase on Monday . He after the dressage phase , but to 21st after several time penalties in the cross country . Ireland 's Jonty Evans ninth on Cooley Rorkes Drift . Why not along , and Henry the mechanical horse at some of the Official Team GB fan parks during the Rio Olympics ? out how to into equestrian with our special guide . to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "A stake in a local energy business could from just \u00c2 \u00a3 5 , and the industry it could an annual return of between 6 % and 9 % . The scheme to local opposition to renewable energy development . It by the renewable industry alongside community groups . The Shared Ownership Taskforce plan similar programmes in Denmark which for more than two decades . It to anything the planning system from Monday . More than 70 % of people in the UK nationally they wind farms , to a government survey . However , proximity often a different response and the wind farms frequently a blot on the landscape . The government previously that wind farm developers should local communities \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 a year for every megawatt of energy - to local initiatives . The taskforce further by that any new applications the planning system must to part of their business to locals - somewhere between 5 and 25 % . This can in the form of directly-owned shares , crowd-funding or debentures . Nina Skorupska , Chief Executive , Renewable Energy Association the plan . She BBC News : \" Elsewhere in Europe this commonplace , so we very pleased the UK also towards this vision of a more open energy market . \" The scheme by the Energy and Climate Change Secretary , Edward Davey . He : \" Community energy renewable energy development in the UK , and ownership will people the opportunity to in to the green energy that their own communities . \" The Vice-Chair of the Taskforce and an associate of Co-operatives UK , Rebecca Willis , : \" We from our experience at grass roots level that there a substantial appetite among local communities to in renewable energy . \" There , though , still likely to areas where local people will to their uninterrupted view than to in a regular dividend cheque . Local groups shale gas developments in their area may the renewables scheme with interest . Roger Harrabin on Twitter @ rharrabin", "The pets amputations air rifle attacks in Cranleigh , Guildford and Woking in March and April . Police Franky Mills , of Long Gore in Farncombe , eight charges of criminal damage and eight of a firearms offence . A five-year-old cat Ruby in the spine and down by vets . Another cat in Cranleigh but her eye . Police Mr Mills on bail and due to before Guildford magistrates on 9 August .", "Oneil Din , 27 , from Coventry , in a rip current and at Crantock beach , Cornwall on 15 August . Crantock Parish Council the duchy in April it \" extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public \" . The duchy new warning signs up in 2016 and it to \" what more can possibly \" . More on this story , and other Devon and Cornwall news The duchy in a series of meetings and there no \" simple solution \" as the area status , and that the course of a river a complicated and long process with no guarantees of success . The council the beach more dangerous since a breakwater by storms in 2015 , the River Gannel to course . Earlier this month 11 bodyboarders to at the same beach . The council : \" Since the river , very significant movements of sand that bathing conditions extremely dangerous at certain states of tide and sea condition \" . The council the duchy , the National Trust and the Marine Management Organisation on 27 January to the issue but no repairs . It also a letter to the duchy in April it \" extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public at large on a very busy beach , especially in the summer , and the possibility of an unfortunate , and potentially fatal , situation \" . RNLI lifeguard supervisor John Steadman after the recent death : \" Crantock beach some unpredictable currents at the moment due to the topography of the beach constantly . \" The duchy , which land in 23 counties and the activities of the Prince of Wales , its condolences and in a statement : \" In 2016 new signs to people to the danger of strong currents and other risks . \" We to again with the parish council , National Trust and other stakeholders to what more can possibly . \" The National Trust , which responsibility for the beach above the high water mark , it Crantock as a \" higher risk \" beach , \" on account of the river across the beach and the rip current \" . At high tide the sea Crantock beach , sand dunes and a car park at the top of the beach .", "The US economy at an annual rate of 0.2 % in the first three months of the year , far lower than forecasts . The Federal Reserve also interest rates at a record low , the slower growth on \" transitory factors \" . Japan 's Nikkei 225 down 2.7 % to 19,520.21 , its biggest loss in nearly four months . The market losses after Bank of Japan its monetary policy unchanged , while lacklustre company earnings also their impact on the benchmark index . Shares in Honda 6.7 % after it a fall in profit for the fiscal year to March , as it with recalls air-bags . Drug maker Takeda shares 3 % after it it would a loss because of a $ 2.4bn US legal settlement to its Actos diabetes drug . Chinese shares lower with Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index 0.9 % to 28,157.71 , while the Shanghai Composite 0.6 % lower at 4,449.17 . Shares of AAC Technologies in Hong Kong 5.2 % after a report in the Wall Street Journal that the Apple Watch defective component , which by the Chinese company . In Australia , the benchmark S & P / ASX 200 down 0.8 % at 5,790 . South Korea 's benchmark Kospi index down 0.7 % at 2,127.17 - its fifth consecutive day of losses . Government data that the country 's industrial output by a seasonally 0.4 % in March from February - market expectations .", "A draw inevitable after only 86.2 overs possible on the first four days after heavy rain in Sydney . The West Indies , who on 248-7 , 330 all out before Warner an 82-ball century , the quickest ever at Sydney , as Australia 176-2 . Australia already 2-0 up in the series , but the draw them from top of the Test rankings . The opening two hours of the final day also to rain but Denesh Ramdin able to his second half century of the match before he by Steve Smith off Steve O'Keefe . Fellow off-spinner Nathan Lyon Kemar Roach ( 15 ) at short leg by Joe Burns to the tourists 300-9 . Lyon than a catch at point as O'Keefe Jerome Taylor for 13 to with a Test best 3-63 . In reply , Warner up his half century in just 42 balls with a six off Jomel Warrican but the West Indies spinner Burns , who a catch to Roach at mid-on to for 26 . Mitchell Marsh ( 21 ) a sweep to Jermaine Blackwood at slip to Warrican ( 2-62 ) a second wicket . By then Warner his 16th Test century but both sides to the game as a draw midway through the final session .", "Meanwhile more than 30,000 people in the eastern city of Halle to their homes after rivers their highest level in 400 years . Floodwater also parts of Austria and the Czech Republic . At least 13 people and two as a result of the floods . waters by heavy rain a wet spring . Eight deaths in the Czech Republic and three in Germany , while two people dead and two missing in Austria , to a European Commission update on Tuesday evening . Parts of Germany not such severe flooding in centuries . However , in the Czech Republic , the water level in the capital Prague , where there fears of a repeat of disasters in 2002 and 1997 . Helicopters residents from their homes in Deggendorf on Wednesday after two levees along the Danube and Isar rivers . Firefighter Alois Schraufstetter the floodwater in the Bavarian town 3m ( 9.8ft ) high . \" This a life-threatening situation ,\" he as by Germany 's DPA news agency . Four farmers at the very last minute by a helicopter before their tractor , he . German newspapers water levels in the eastern city of Halle at their highest for four centuries . Officials the city in acute danger after floodwaters from the Saale river a section of dykes . The level of the River Elbe in the historic German city of Dresden , where at least 600 people , not to until Thursday morning . Coaches reportedly people out the town of Muhlberg , about 40km ( 25 miles ) northwest of Dresden , as thousands to on Wednesday afternoon . Chemical plants next to the swollen rivers down and their chemicals over safety concerns , the Associated Press . Meanwhile , the floods in the south German city of Passau . People could up muck from their streets . In the Austrian city of Krems , emergency workers up a dyke under threat from the swollen Danube . Thousands of people their homes in the Czech Republic in recent days as floodwater to flood barriers . In the industrial city of Usti nad Labem , the River Elbe over the 10m-high ( 33ft-high ) metal flood barriers . The main rail link Prague and Berlin in Germany underwater , with trains . Anti-flood barriers reportedly up to the Czech capital 's zoo after it badly , animals to .", "The incident place close to Caernarfon 's Crown Court and fire station just before 09:00 BST on Thursday . The mother-of-five to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent . North Wales Police her 46-year-old partner . \" This as a domestic-related crime but I would to the community that a swift arrest ,\" Det Chf Insp Iestyn Davies . The Welsh Ambulance Service they at 09:00 BST to reports that a woman . Police the victim in a serious but stable condition . Forensic investigations out at the location , which nearby estates to a local primary and secondary school .", "Police to Oxlow Lane , Dagenham , at 23:00 BST on Saturday after reports of a street fight . Officers three large knives , scissors and cannabis from the \" large and unpredictable \" crowd , they . Two boys 17 and 15 - one on suspicion of an offensive weapon and the other on suspicion of an assault on police . Scotland Yard no one at the event . Insp Jason O'Donohue : \" By these knives off the street when they , my officers lives and another needless tragedy . \"", "Andrew Haldane in a speech he downbeat over the UK economy because of weaker global growth , low wage growth and financial and political risks . \" in rather plainer English , I gloomier ,\" Mr Haldane . \" This interest rates could lower for longer , certainly than I three months ago . \" Global markets this week , with investors at the lack of growth in Europe and especially Greece , the impact of Ebola , and economic data from China and the US . Previously , UK interest rates to early next year . Mr Haldane his remarks at a speech to local business leaders in Kenilworth , where he the UK 's economy as \" in both agony and ecstasy \" . He there still plenty of reasons to cheerful . Growth to the fastest of any major economy this year and inflation and borrowing costs low , he . However , he the \" reasons to fearful \" productivity and wages , which not . \" If there genuine uncertainty about the path of the economy , the optimal policy response may to the worst outcomes ,\" Mr Haldane . Sterling 0.5 % against the dollar his remarks . Share trading on the London market volatile . Mr Haldane 's caution about global economic prospects by the Chancellor , George Osborne , who the BBC that the worldwide economy \" more unstable than it for some time \" . Mr Osborne would not on Mr Haldane 's remarks . But he there \" a lot of global risks out there at the moment \" the international economy . \" Interest rates entirely a matter for the independent Bank of England , the monetary policy committee there ,\" Mr Osborne . He : \" I 'll this about the economy more generally - there clearly a lot of global risks out there at the moment - we these problems in the European economy , we this horrific disease Ebola in West Africa , all the problems in the Middle East and in the Ukrainian border . \" The global economy more unstable than it for some time . That all the more reason why in the UK we to to the stability we . \" He it important to \" sure Britain well as we in these stormy international economic waters \" . Earlier this month , Mr Osborne that the eurozone slowdown will UK economy .", "The Taiwanese firm , also as Foxconn Technology , a net profit of NT $ 37bn ($ 1.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 814m ) in the October to December quarter . It also a 16 % jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT $ 94.8bn . Foxconn the world 's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple one of its biggest clients . to some estimates , orders from Apple for almost half of Foxconn 's total revenue . In the October to December quarter , Apple 47.8 million iPhones , up from 37 million a year earlier . Meanwhile , the launch of iPad mini , also sales of its tablet PCs - it 22.9 million iPads , with 15.4 million in the same period in 2011 . However , the heavy reliance on Apple also concerns that Foxconn 's growth may in the months . Some analysts the rapid rate of growth that smartphones and tablet PCs in recent years could not . \" In most of the economies , smartphones at a mature penetration stage and tablets pretty close to at that stage ,\" Andrew Milroy of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan . Mr Milroy that Apple so far not able to the success it in the economies in markets . He that in the economies , Apple products still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers . At the same time , Apple competition from other smartphone makers in those markets . \" They by low-cost smartphones in countries such as China ,\" he . The fear that if Apple 's growth rate , it will a knock on effect on suppliers such as Foxconn .", "Elgan Varney , 33 , of Hannah Stubbs , who a student at Keele University , in Staffordshire . The 22-year-old herself at her Stafford home in August 2015 . Judge John Fletcher Mr Varney , formerly of Newcastle-under-Lyme , of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault after the CPS no evidence against him . more stories from across Stoke and Staffordshire here During the hearing at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court , prosecutor Karim Khalil QC the decision not to the prosecution at the \" highest level \" of the CPS . The CPS the case under regular review and prosecutors no longer satisfied there a realistic prospect of conviction . Defence counsel Ann Cotcher QC the court Mr Varney \" from his attempts at education \" at Keele because of the proceedings against him . \" This an allegation that back to 2014 ,\" Ms Cotcher the brief hearing . \" The defendant , as the complainant , in March 2015 , almost exactly two years ago . \" the hearing , Mr Varney his condolences to the family of Ms Stubbs . In a statement out by his solicitor , Hollie Alcock , Mr Varney : \" This not a time of celebration for me - quite simply , I should never and through this horrendous ordeal . \" He also for a change in the law to anonymity to those with but not of sexual offences . In a statement , Ms Stubbs' parents , Paul and Mandy Stubbs , : \" We n't what to Hannah to her life or our memory of the kind and person that she . \" An inquest a narrative verdict that she her own life post-traumatic stress . A spokesman for the university : \" on today 's outcome , we will in conversation with Mr Varney over the weeks . \" As standard practice , any such discussion will confidential between the university and the student . \"", "Japanese-owned chemical firm Sekisui Alveo production at its Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will by March 2018 . The plant will in four stages over the next three years , the company . It part of a move to production to Roermond in the Netherlands , it . Alan Gunter , manufacturing director at the Merthyr Tydfil site , the decision to the plant \" not lightly \" . \" I immensely proud of our highly professional workforce and I would to them all for their commitment and dedication ,\" he . \" We aware that this a difficult time for employees at the Merthyr Tydfil production plant and we will everything to them and their families during and after the plant 's decommissioning . \" We will also to with the local authorities in the months . \"", "The mythical ruler 's legendary court with locations throughout Wales , Carmarthen , St David 's , and Cardigan . Now a Bangor University professor what he to the true location of Camelot . And it out to a small Roman fort at Slack , on the outskirts of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire . Prof Peter Field , a renowned expert in Arthurian literature , : \" It quite by chance . I at some maps , and suddenly all the ducks up . \" I I may a 1,400-year-old mystery . \" Previous best guesses for the location of the round table Caerleon in Newport , Somerset 's Cadbury Castle , and Tintagel in Cornwall . In Roman times , Slack home to a fort Camulodunum , which \" the fort of the god Camul \" . Over the years , well-recognised linguistic processes would Camulodunum to Camelot . Though almost forgotten and insignificant today , and even though it and by the relevant time of King Arthur around A.D . 500 , Prof Field that this site at Slack would still a strategic stronghold . At that time , Celtic-speaking Britons , who could by King Arthur , the north and the west coast against the Anglo-Saxons . Slack , on the Roman road from Chester to York , would the ideal location from which to the east coast . Prof Field : \" If there a real King Arthur , he will around AD500 , although the first mention of him in Camelot in a French poem from the Champagne region of France from 1180 . \" There no mention of Camelot in the period between those dates , as the Dark Ages , when the country at war , and very little . \" In this gap , people on information , much in transmission , and people may up facts or just up information . \" Prof Field , who at Bangor from 1964 to 2004 , the location of Camelot for the past 18 months . He about his findings during the official launch of Bangor University 's Stephen Colclough centre for the history and culture of the book .", "Vardy , 29 , not for the champions since 10 September - a run of 14 games - but in England 's 2-2 friendly draw with Spain last week . His form in stark contrast to a year ago , when he for a record 11th Premier League game in a row . \" He and very close to ,\" Ranieri . \" He to also in training , and that good news because also , in the training , he n't so well . \" Vardy twice in the league this season with 13 at the same stage in 2015-16 . He last season with 28 goals in 48 appearances for club and country . Since his last club goal , the Foxes to 14th in the table with just two wins in nine matches . Ranieri Vardy and team-mate Riyad Mahrez no longer the \" surprise \" factor that in their favour last season . The Italian : \" That the big problem . Jamie always normal , the same last season . You n't him nervous or frustrated . \" But sooner or later Vardy will back . I every day with him . He very calm , very concentrated in his job , to for the team . \" Leicester , who from their Champions League group with a game to , Middlesbrough in the Premier League on Saturday ( 15:00 GMT ) .", "Police to Jackson Road in Clacton at about 21:10 BST on Tuesday . The female officer seriously and in hospital and a colleague who also to a minor leg injury , Essex Police . A 23-year-old woman from Clacton and a man 21 and under investigation . Police for witnesses . More news from Essex The \" disturbance between a group of adults and youngsters \" in Jackson Road and to the corner of West Avenue and Agate Road , the force .", "Some residents of James Turner Street in Birmingham that they before on the programme . Producers of the reality television show that . Now , one charity which the makers of residents a solution : a self-defence kit against unwanted advances . Oasis , a community and education charity , the primary school in Birmingham where Benefits Street . Reverend Steve Chalke , who Oasis , that other communities them for advice on what to if they attention from reality TV producers . He : \" We ca n't proactively every community in the country . \" However , we that the new self-defence kit will people the chance to from what we . \" The kit , which on its website , advice on how to television producers . It also what it a \" decoder \" to what a producer might really if they the programme they to . Despite more than 900 complaints , watchdog Ofcom that Channel 4 not the broadcasting code . A second series to under way in Teesside . A Channel 4 spokesperson : \" We always transparent and clear with residents in the extensive briefings that and highly robust duty of care protocols for contributors which by the regulator Ofcom as ' best practice ' . \" Filming of the second series recently in Stockton-On-Tees , many months after transmission of the first and the subsequent media reaction , so residents already familiar with the nature and profile of the programme . \" The majority of them happy to and filming , even in the face of external pressure on them by interests outside of the street . \" @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The package on offer from the government a pay rise and a reduction in the retirement age . The deal will now to a ballot of the union 's membership . Up to 10,000 prison officers in England and Wales last month over claims of a \" surge \" in jail violence . They work over claims of a \" surge in violence \" in jails but to work after a High Court injunction them to their 24-hour protest . Under the agreement , prison officers will to at 65 - up to three years ahead of the current state pension age - at no cost to them and with full pension benefits . Uniformed staff will also consolidated pay rises of between 0.5 % and 1 % for each of the next three years , on top of usual performance-related pay increases . They also to a \" recognition and retention \" package \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 . Prisons minister Sam Gyimah , the government and POA also \" a significant number of health and safety reforms as well as new powers for governors in terms of how they their staff in prisons \" . The POA members to action last month after talks with the government over health and safety concerns down . It after multiple high-profile incidents at prisons across England . In October , Jamal Mahmoud , an inmate at HMP Pentonville , after to death in an attack at the prison , which two others . And last month prisoners almost \u00c2 \u00a3 1m of damage during a riot at Bedford prison . Days later at HMP Isle of Wight , an inmate a prison officer 's throat with a razor blade on the way back to his cell . In an effort to safety issues Justice Secretary Liz Truss proposals \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn investment in new prisons over the next five years , plans for 2,100 extra prison officers , drug tests for inmates on entry and exit from prisons , and more autonomy for governors . In response to the new pay deal she : \" This agreement a good offer which rightly the hard work and dedication of officers across the country a tough job . \"", "Alan Wright and his wife Sissinghurst Castle Garden in Cranbrook in September 2015 . He a man they to their photo in the gardens . Mrs Wright , from Kent , three months later . A tweet by the National Trust , which the site , more than 600 times . A trust spokesman it a \" heartbreaking story \" . He : \" With luck the [ person ] who the photograph at Sissinghurst Castle Garden will Alan 's letter and forward . \" Mr Wright to the trust 's magazine for help in down the mystery photographer . He : \" I this would the last photo ever of her . I would dearly to a copy . \"", "It \" cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams ... that the skin ... now \" . Whitening creams popular for years among young women - and some men - across Africa , who they them more beautiful . But medical experts they may cancer , diabetes , severe skin conditions and other diseases . \" The number of people with side-effects by these medicines really high ,\" Christian Doudouko , a member of Ivory Coast 's pharmaceutical authority , as by the AFP news agency . Latest African news Africa : Where black not really beautiful British consultant dermatologist Justine Kluk the BBC the major concern over unregulated products , which may ingredients such as mercury or excessive amounts of steroids . \" If one about steroids present in these products , they often present in much higher quantities than we would ,\" she . She the creams can a variety of health issues , such as \" acne , thinning of the skin , glaucoma or cataracts if near the eyes \" . \" Or if liberally to the whole body , [ they can ] high blood pressure , diabetes , osteoporosis , weight gain , mood disturbance due to absorption of large amounts of steroids ,\" she . However , analysts the ban may not people the products . They still in The Gambia despite a ban . South Africa the world 's toughest laws against skin lighteners , the most active ingredient - hydroquinone , but a University of Cape Town study that more than a third of South African women still them . The use of creams in Africa most widespread in Nigeria - where more than 75 % of women them , to a 2008 UN Environment Programme study .", "Lib Dem Lord Oates Labour of prepared to \" everything \" , and the opposition 's leader in the Lords , Baroness Smith , that his party people \" false hope \" . The two parties up to defeats on the government the rights of EU citizens and parliamentary approval for a Brexit deal . But that co-operation out the window when MPs those amendments - with Lib Dems determined to on them and Labour to to the Commons . A Labour source in the Lords the BBC it \" fairly obvious grandstanding \" by the Lib Dems , and towards content for their campaign leaflets . \" It pretty unforgiveable to up false hope with people genuinely worried about their future in Britain , when you already that MPs ready to in behind the government ,\" the source . For their part , the Lib Dems' Europe spokesperson Baroness Ludford Labour of \" through the government 's plans \" and \" up with the Conservatives as they forward with a hard Brexit \" . It not just on Brexit that the two biggest opposition parties a track record of alliances - they through the lobbies together to government defeats on bills with issues from higher education to housing . Baroness Ludford sanguine about their chances of together again , : \" The Liberal Democrats will to with peers from across the House to for the issues we on . \" But the Labour source \" residual tensions \" , : \" I ca n't there 'll much demand here to a ' progressive consensus summer drinks' gathering . \" Our respective leaderships will of course to things business-like . \"", "A further 111 to in the strikes . Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning the figures after a parliamentary question by Lib Dem leader Tim Farron . He they an estimate because strike sites cannot and by the UK . Mr Farron the Ministry of Defence how many militants from the terrorist group by British forces in Iraq from 2 December 2015 to 2 December 2016 . Mr Penning : \" During the period in question it that there a total of 111 enemy in action and a total of 1,306 enemy in action as a result of UK air strikes . \" The UK cannot strike sites and detailed investigations on the ground in Iraq . Therefore the number of combatants and / or an estimated figure only . \" The UK parliament British participation in air strikes against IS in Iraq back in September 2014 . Just over a year later in 2015 , MPs air strikes against IS in Syria . The UK more than 1,200 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria since it - more than any other coalition country the United States . BBC analysis that in 2017 , UK forces bombs in Iraq and Syria on 69 of the first 99 days of the year . RAF Typhoons and Reaper drones Iraqi and Kurdish forces to Mosul , northern Iraq , in recent months .", "a pseudonym of His Royal Gingerness ( HRG ) , the hacker the BBC he to the website 's \" vulnerability \" . It only him a few minutes to into the site , he . Norwich International Airport director Richard Pace the hacking as a crime that police . HRG out that while he his attack to if he could access , a more maliciously-minded intruder could damage . He he of someone who to a bomb hoax in the system over Christmas , but he able to that from . While Mr Pace the information website not to the airport 's operations system , he that it a serious inconvenience to passengers . He malicious hackers could a bomb hoax on the site . The airport 's operations director a robust replacement site - with more secure protocols and systems - would operational within weeks . In the meantime , passengers can information by 01603 411923 . HRG , who not to because he prosecution , he the site \" to if I could \" . \" I I could it and then the airport to them ,\" he . \" It me between two to three minutes to this . I this mostly to what vulnerability there in modern systems . \"", "Lancashire County Council land on the former Glenburn Sports College and Skelmersdale College . The sports college in August , while Skelmersdale College 's Westbank campus , by Newcastle College , also unused . The decision a comparative study by Network Rail of both sites and one near the Concourse shopping centre . Skelmersdale 's original railway station to passengers in 1956 . The council - which Glenburn Sports College - Skelmersdale could two direct trains to Liverpool per hour under the plans it in partnership with Merseytravel and West Lancashire Borough Council . County councillor John Fillis , cabinet member for highways and transport , it an \" exciting step forward \" . He the location big enough to for the possibility of future expansion . He : \" It good highway access and good connectivity to the town and the area . \" The authority it will now the process of the relevant land . Skelmersdale a new town on 9 October 1961. . It one of the largest towns in the north west of England not to its own railway station .", "Frenchman Christophe Borgye 's remains at a property in Ellesmere Port , Merseyside , in 2013 - four years after he . Manuel Wagner , 29 , guilty of murder and to a minimum jail term of 16 years a trial at Liverpool Crown Court . Two other men in 2014 . Mr Borgye , 36 , in May 2009 and in the outbuilding of the house he with German national Wagner and fellow Frenchmen Sebastian Bendou and Dominik Kocher . Bendou Cheshire Police in May 2013 and officers to Mr Borgye 's body , which in tarpaulin and in thick concrete . Officers a low brick wall inside the outhouse with three layers of concrete over the body . A post-mortem examination My Borgye from hammer blows to the head . He by a work colleague , but after an investigation police they he the country . Det Sgt Steve Currie the case \" complicated \" and \" devastating \" for Mr Borgye 's family , but \" the final jigsaw piece in this crime now in place \" . Wagner previously not guilty of an offender and a lawful burial . However , in 2015 when new evidence to light . Bendou , now 39 , and Kocher , now 38 , life sentences for murder with minimum terms of 14 and 23 years respectively in 2014 .", "The accident on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn at about 17:00 on Monday . Police a woman on the bus to hospital with a \" serious leg injury \" . Her injury not to life-threatening . Four other people who minor injuries also to hospital but later . The eastbound lane of the road the accident lengthy tailbacks . It at 18:45 .", "Mr Dewani , 34 , Gatwick Airport through a side entrance that by police before away shortly before 07:00 GMT . He to in from Dubai rather than a direct flight from Cape Town to the UK . He in April for the trial , which out on Monday . Judge Jeanette Traverso Mr Dewani after the prosecution case that the care home boss from Bristol the death of his wife Anni . police officers on guard at the airport reporters from the exit by Mr Dewani . He to into the UK on an Emirates flight that shortly before 06:30 . Judge Traverso the case against Mr Dewani at the Western Cape High Court , evidence from a key prosecution witness as \" with contradictions \" . Mr Dewani always to the shooting of his bride in the back of their taxi while on honeymoon in November four years ago . His wife 's family , from Sweden , now whether to a civil action against her husband in the UK . They the decision many questions unanswered as it bisexual Mr Dewani , who a double life male prostitutes in the months before he , would not to evidence or cross-examination . Her uncle , Ashok Hindocha , they would a decision on legal action after the Christmas holiday . Judge Traverso it not necessary for Mr Dewani to evidence , a defendant to if there no possibility of conviction unless he the witness box and himself . She claims by the chief prosecution witness , cab driver Zola Tongo , about the murder also \" highly debatable \" and the evidence from the prosecution \" far below \" the threshold . Three men - Tongo , Mziwamadoda Qwabe and gunman Xolile Mngeni - already for their part in the murder , which during a late-night tour of a township when their chauffeur-driven car . Monde Mbolombo , a self-confessed \" middle man \" who up the murder , may also justice previously immunity by the state . The prosecution Mr Dewani to out of his relationship with Anni , 28 , and a car-jacking in which she would . But the defence team prosecution witnesses and the case against him weak .", "Cuadrilla 's plans for fracking at its Preston New Road site at Little Plumpton in October . The firm it will Lancashire first for jobs , new skills , investment , and community initiatives . Opponents they surprised by the news since a legal challenge to the government 's decision outstanding . Preston New Road Action Group formal legal proceedings at the High Court in November . Cuadrilla an \" independently tracker \" will its pledges to Lancashire . Chief executive Francis Egan the shale gas industry would good for the county 's economy . \" We that in the exploration phase alone we will in the order of \u00c2 \u00a3 50m - clearly all of that will not to Lancashire ... but we would that up to half of that money could in Lancashire ,\" he . The firm also Bolton-based civil engineering firm AE Yates Ltd the site 's \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m building contract . Work to early next year , Cuadrilla .", "Humberto Benitez Trevino 's daughter outrage by his influence to to down the bistro after it not her a table she . The episode a discussion about abuse of power in the country . The sacking that Mexico more sensitive to the issue , correspondents . The episode a topic on Twitter under the hashtag # ladyprofeco , after her father 's agency . Mt Benitez , the attorney-general for consumer protection , and his daughter both , but this little to public anger . On Wednesday , President Pena Nieto his dismissal . The restaurant , Maximo Bistro in Mexico City , by officials after Andrea Benitez not the table she for . The government that although Mr Benitez not personally in the raid , the episode embarrassing for the institution .", "The case of the planes when PM David Cameron Burmese President Thein Sein . A Downing Street source it \" this will an opportunity to with the Burmese government \" . The exact location of the planes unknown . The planes in 1945 by the RAF amid fears that they could either or by foreign forces , but in the years they not . At the time they unused , still in crates , and yet to . Until a general election in 2010 , Burma for almost half a century by a military junta . It that experts from Leeds University and an academic in Rangoon they may the sites where the craft sophisticated radar techniques . On Friday , officials President Thein Sein \" very enthusiastic \" about the prospect of and the planes . A Downing Street source : \" The Spitfire arguably the most important plane in the history of aviation , a crucial role in the Second World War . \" It this will an opportunity to with the Burmese government , , and these fighter planes and them the skies of Britain once again . \"", "A coastguard helicopter from St Athan , in Vale of Glamorgan , to the scene on Saturday evening as the one in north Wales on another mission . The pair to the top of the ridge by Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team ( MRT ) volunteers ropes , and then aboard the helicopter . They off at Nant Peris while the MRT down the peak .", "The Home Office to the Detained Fast Track ( DFT ) system amid concerns over safeguards , particularly for \" vulnerable applicants \" . Immigration minister James Brokenshire he the DFT system would within weeks . It about 800 applicants - and can now bail . Of those , it that about 100 may to . The system , in 2000 , legal hearings and appeals while the individual . It in cases which officials can quickly . Last month the Court of Appeal the Home Office to the system immediately after an earlier High Court hearing it \" structural unfairness \" . High Court judge Mr Justice Nicol a \" legal stay \" - a temporary delay - on his ruling on 12 June , a case by campaign group Detention Action . This the fast-track system in operation until the government all opportunities to . BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw officials their procedures not as robust as they should . In a statement to the House of Commons , Mr Brokenshire the system \" under significant legal challenge \" . \" Risks the safeguards within the system for particularly vulnerable applicants also to the extent that we cannot certain of the level of risk of unfairness to certain vulnerable applicants who may DFT . \" In light of these issues , I to temporarily the operation of the fast-track policy . \" I this pause to short in duration , perhaps only a matter of weeks , but I will only operation of this policy when I sure the right structures in place to any risk of unfairness . \" The decision to the process those asylum seekers and hearings will at a \" senior level \" to if they can from detention to their asylum application in the normal way . Mr Brokenshire : \" Those who the general criteria for detention will not directly by the decision to DFT . \" Many already under these powers , for example because they at risk of and imminent removal . \" Only if detention can no longer outside a DFT process will applicants to their asylum claim in the regular asylum system . \" He applicants who removal to a safe third country , a risk to the public or foreign offenders \" still liable to or \" . The DFT system some 4,300 asylum applications or decisions in 2013 . It currently 30 to 40 cases a week .", "Aamir Siddiqi , 17 , at his home in Roath in 2010 and two men , Jason Richards and Ben Hope , for life in 2013 . Mohammed Ali Ege , originally from Cardiff , in India in 2011 of conspiracy to murder . But he police custody in India last week . Mr Ege , who also of passport and identity forgery , extradition but after to a court hearing . Authorities he from a railway station washroom in New Delhi . Det Ch Insp Ceri Hughes Mr Siddiqi 's family \" resilient and to our full support \" . Mr Ege from the Riverside area of Cardiff , but he also connections with people in areas . DCI Hughes : \" We someone in this country something about Mohammed Ali Ege 's whereabouts , and such people to us \" .", "Chris May , 28 , last by family at his home in Kelvedon on 25 May 2015 . His Volkswagen Golf 10 miles ( 16km ) away in Fairstead . His case formally a murder by Essex Police investigation exactly a year later . A 35-year-old Braintree man and a 25-year-man from Kelvedon further inquiries . The two men will to back to police in late July .", "The six-month project at Havelock Europa to \" the wealth \" , where market opportunities in the UK and globally . The Kirkcaldy-based firm also to its sourcing operation in China and further in Australia . The company already its marketing efforts in London . Office refurbishments in the capital among Britain 's more lucrative opportunities . The firm through a difficult corporate turnaround in recent years . In its full-year results , the Fife firm 2016 \" challenging \" . Havelock Europa back into the black , with pre-tax profits of \u00a3 183,000 , a 2015 loss of \u00a3 2.7m . Revenue down in 2016 , largely due to the loss of a major financial client , to Lloyds Banking Group . Sales from \u00a3 73m in 2015 to \u00a3 61m . In to its clients away from a few large banks and education refurbishments during academic holidays , the company to more clients from the health sector and student accommodation . It also for a wider range of retail clients , which so far big high street names such as Marks & Spencer , Primark , Accessorize and House of Fraser . Havelock Europa 300 people at its Fife factory and marketing base , with offices also in China and Mansfield in the English Midlands . The company 's shares 12 % in the hours after the annual results .", "David Harris , 68 , who \" \" with another woman , guilty of to an undercover policeman \u00a3 150,000 to Hazel Allinson . His Old Bailey trial he to her West Sussex home and elope with sex worker Ugne Cekaviciute , 28 . The Court of Appeal papers for an appeal . Harris , the former producer of the police drama series The Bill , he a spy novel and solicitation to murder at his trial . But the producer when the police officer as a would-be hitman a conversation in which Harris he \" 100 % sure \" he his partner dead . The jury Harris debts and desperate to his partner 's \u00a3 800,000 home in Amberley and up home with Ms Cekaviciute . The Old Bailey Harris London mechanic Christopher May in March 2016 and : \" I you \u00a3 250,000 to my wife . \" In November 2016 he an undercover policeman as a hitman Chris in the car park of Sainsbury 's in Balham , south London . They by a 6ft 3in \" man mountain \" Zed , to whom Harris previously Ms Allinson 's details and a photograph . Unknown to Harris , Zed , whose real name Duke Dean , already him to City of London Police , the court . Harris for 17 years in July , Judge Anne Molyneux QC : \" For your pipe dream , for your obsessive infatuation with a young woman , Ms Allinson , who and you , to a painful and terrifying death in an isolated spot . \" Her death to your life . You her until she her usefulness to you . \"", "Konstandinos Erik Scurfield , 25 , an ex-Royal Marine from Barnsley , near the Syrian city of Qamishli on 2 March , Kurdish officials . His coffin over to his father and uncle in a ceremony hundreds of Syrian Kurds . Mr Scurfield 's father , Chris , the ceremony \" overwhelming \" . He BBC Middle East correspondent Jim Muir the emotional ceremony \" very special and very comforting \" to his family . Our correspondent the ceremony also a \" big moment \" for the Kurds , who out to their last respects to the Briton who \" halfway round the world to - and - in their struggle against IS militants \" . Hundreds of people - Kurdish fighters , women and foreign fighters in the region - as Mr Scurfield 's coffin into an ambulance , where it will to Erbil , the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan . The coffin with flowers and with a Kurdish flag and a Union Jack . Some time would in Erbil to the necessary paperwork before Mr Scurfield 's body can back to the UK , our correspondent . Mr Scurfield , an expert in battlefield medicine , to to Syria three or four months ago . He to to Syria because he \" by the atrocities out \" there . Kurdish commander Redor Khalil the Briton while alongside Kurdish forces in the frontline village of Tel Khuzela . His family tribute to his \" courage , conviction and honour \" . In a statement , they : \" We devastated to the death of our son Konstandinos Erik Scurfield in Syria where he to the forces Islamic State . \" His flame might briefly but it brightly with love , courage , conviction and honour and we very proud of him . \" The family 's friends and neighbours news of Mr Scurfield 's death as \" heartbreaking \" . The Home Office there about 600 people in the region \" of interest \" but not a breakdown of what groups they may with . The BBC about 100 Western volunteers - some Britons - as part of the 30,000-strong Kurdish forces . More than 500 Britons to to IS .", "The 32-year-old Dane the second half of last season on loan at the Lilywhites where he 14 outings . Lindegaard 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years before his move to the Baggies . \" I really happy that things into place before we closer to the season ,\" he . \" It a very easy decision . I could to several other clubs in England but it a no brainer , I to here . \" all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The Streatham MP Labour should not \" at the electorate \" after its poor general election performance . He out after Labour by a row over its stance on welfare cuts . He also Jeremy Corbyn , amid reports that he well in the race to Labour leader . In an interview with BBC Newsnight political editor Allegra Stratton , Mr Umunna Labour \" a very strong message \" by the electorate at the general election , where it almost out by the SNP in Scotland and to ground on the Conservatives in England . \" We around our feet , at the electorate when ultimately what we to people where they at , not necessarily where we would them to ,\" he . Labour by how to to the welfare cuts out in George Osborne 's Budget , with some MPs angrily when leader Harriet Harman it should not all of the measures . The party 's new leader will at a special conference in September . Mr Umunna , who briefly in the leadership contest before , the Conservatives would Mr Corbyn to . The odds on Mr Corbyn the leadership recently , though he only it on to the ballot paper after some MPs not to his supporters to up the necessary number of nominations for him . Mr Umunna he nothing against the Islington North MP but that his political views not \" a politics that can \" . He Mr Corbyn \" weak on defence at a time when global insecurity \" and \" more generous social security payments for people who can but to \" . \" I 'll you what , there no glory in opposition ,\" Mr Umunna . \" Ultimately we will our people if we n't . \"", "Allan Stanley , 76 , of Nefyn , around the island of Gozo when he on 19 June . His widow Diane the inquest in Caernarfon it in seconds . She : \" There n't enough time for me to or anything . \" A conclusion of accidental death by coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones . The inquest Mr Stanley in a bay when a rigid inflatable boat up . \" A person very difficult to ,\" Mr Pritchard-Jones . \" At best it only part of the top of the head that can . \" Whether the person the boat or any efforts to if anyone in the water , I ca n't . \" Pathologist Dr Mark Lord the inquest Mr Stanley head injuries and his death \" likely to virtually instantaneous \" .", "Twenty-five suspects because of a lack of evidence . It the latest batch of death sentences in connection with the killings - 36 men a year ago for their part in the massacre . the killings , at the former US base of Camp Speicher , near Tikrit , in an early piece of shock propaganda . Most of the victims to young Shia recruits who at the camp when Tikrit by IS . Photos and videos by IS at the time soldiers up and at various locations . Some bodies into the River Tigris , while others in mass graves that after government forces the city a year later . The men the right to against the sentences .", "Magicseaweed , in 2002 in Kingsbridge , forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches around the world . Surfstitch the firm as part of a deal that also surf magazine Stab . Magicseaweed it \" thrilled \" as the deal would it to . The firm 22 people in Kingsbridge , data from offshore weather buoys to surfing conditions , along with surfers to conditions via web cameras on beaches . \" It a unique opportunity to the right balance of surf forecasting , inspirational content and product offerings to our global surf community and millions of users ,\" co-founder Ryan Anderson . Justin Cameron , chief executive of Surfstitch , : \" We excited to Magicseaweed and Stab to the Surfstitch Group . \" These businesses our enthusiasm and passion in the action sports and youth culture space , and ideal partners to Surfstitch 's mission to the global destination for action sports and youth lifestyle content and online retail . \"", "Play on Friday afternoon as winds 36mph and trees over at Emirates Golf Club . Garcia , who eight under after five holes when play , five birdies and a bogey as he a five-under-par 67 to 12 under . Nacho Elvira nine under , a shot clear of Open champion Henrik Stenson . England 's Chris Paisley the joint-best second round with 66 as he 14 holes in the better conditions to for fifth on seven under . \" Obviously we a bit lucky with the weather today . I it to windier , but you still to good shots ,\" Garcia , who for his first European Tour win since 2014 . \" I nicely again and some nice putts , so I very happy with where I . \" The third round under way with plans to and it on Saturday .", "Bradford , a play-off place , ahead when Wes Thomas Josh Cullen 's pass , but Kevin Keen 's side through Ambrose 's volley . by the leveller , George Moncur an upright , before Ambrose Owen Garvan 's pass to it 2-1 . It enough to a double against the Bantams this season . The win Colchester 's first in League One since a 2-1 home success against Port Vale in October , and Keen 's first in the competition since his December appointment . Phil Parkinson 's side two places to ninth after the defeat , their first in five .", "The huts , of chalk and straw daub and wheat-thatched roofing , on archaeological remains at Durrington Walls , near Stonehenge . Project leader Luke Winter : \" What we to a sense of what these buildings like above-ground . \" The hope to the huts at Stonehenge visitor centre next year . \" What the buildings interesting that they to about the same time as the large sarsen stones at Stonehenge ,\" Mr Winter . \" One of the theories that these may the people that with construction of that monument . \" Inside , the project team a variety of different daubs , of pig soil [ dung ] or chalk and straw and construction techniques that would by Neolithic people . \" We a completely different way of a roof . Nothing onto the roof , as you would in a modern building but the wheat straw that we and then into a woven framework . \" Often people 4,500 years ago a long time ago , which of course to us as modern people it , but it well into beginnings of agriculture . \" We at people that , cows and cereal crops , and of course houses an important thing . \" The Neolithic huts will for another two months and will to the public during the two May bank holidays .", "The news the WBO belt would not on the line if IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua of Britain and Wladimir Klitschko to . Joshua 's promoter Eddie Hearn terms almost with former champion Klitschko and the IBF , WBO and WBA titles would . But Ruiz Jr 's promoter Bob Arum the WBO the Parker bout . The WBO yet to the decision but Arum already venues and the match to place in Parker 's native New Zealand . The 24-year-old undefeated in 21 fights and the WBO 's number-one heavyweight , with Ukrainian Klitschko second . Mexico 's Ruiz Jr , 27 , third on the list and all of his 29 bouts . Fury the WBO and WBA straps and his boxing licence by the British Boxing Board of Control \" further investigation into anti-doping and medical issues \" . The 28-year-old , who Klitschko in 2015 , from depression and to cocaine . In November he also an appeal hearing for a doping charge in July . It unclear if the WBA will Joshua to for their version of the title , but Hearn his fighter will in action on 10 December even if Klitschko a fight for the belt with a different opponent . On Thursday former British heavyweight champion David Price Joshua \" I to you out on December 10 \" .", "Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu \u00f4l i'r \u0175y ? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod , dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l ... ( dyna ddigon nawr. Gol . ) Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd !", "Lionel Portillo-Meza not guilty in the death of Brian Terry in an Arizona court on Wednesday . Weapons at the scene of his death to a US anti-gun-running scheme Fast and Furious . Under the programme , the US criminals to guns in order to them to major arms traffickers . But US agents track of 1,400 of the firearms , the ones to Terry . A US justice department report 14 people for possible disciplinary action for their roles in the programme . Mr Portillo-Meza in Mexico in 2012 . He to the US on Tuesday . He with murder , as well as assault and other charges . \" This development us one step closer to justice for a beloved agent who the highest price in this country ,\" US Attorney for Southern California Laura Duffy . \" While there nothing that can to Agent Terry home again , we this news will some level of comfort . \" Another man , Manuel Osorio-Arellanes , to 30 years in prison in February for the 2010 murder , which as Osorio-Arellanes and his gang in a firefight with US border agents in rural Arizona . The US justice department a $ 1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 589,000 ) reward in 2012 for information to the arrest of Mr Portillo-Meza , and three others . Two of the men fugitives , while the third in Mexican custody for extradition . Robert Heyer , Terry 's cousin and the family 's spokesman , they \" thankful that Mexican authorities to with us \" . \" The family really good at not high expectations and that things to lots of time ,\" Mr Heyer . \" They very patient over the last three-plus years . So we n't many things . \" Mr Portillo-Meza not guilty to first-degree murder , second-degree murder and other charges .", "The latest threats the number of incidents to 69 in 27 states in the past month , to the JCC Association of North America . No bombs at any of the centres with telephone calls . Last week , 27 Jewish community centres in 17 US states hoax bomb threats . All of the threats on Monday , along with previous incidents in January , out to false and Jewish centres since with normal services . to the latest incidents , White House press secretary Sean Spicer that US President Donald Trump it \" abundantly clear \" that such actions \" unacceptable \" . \" Hatred and hate-motivated violence of any kind no place in a country on the promise of individual freedom ,\" the statement , which on Twitter by NBC News correspondent Peter Alexander , . Mr Trump 's daughter Ivanka - who to Judaism and whose husband Jewish - also the threats . Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that action must to further incidents . In a post on Twitter , Mrs Clinton : \" JCC threats , cemetery desecration and online attacks so troubling and they to . Everyone must out , w /@ POTUS . \" The threats to the Jewish community centres through calls that both pre-recorded and , with suspects voice-disguising technology , to Israeli newspaper Haaretz . Since the beginning of the year , there reports of threats to centres in New York , New Jersey , Ohio , Florida , Massachusetts , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Delaware , Connecticut , Alabama , California , Maine , Tennessee , South Carolina , Missouri , Wisconsin , Texas and Kansas . The JCC Association of North America , a network of health and education centres , since its security plans . In an earlier statement the FBI that along with the US justice department it possible civil rights violations in connection with the threats . The Anti-Defamation League , a Jewish anti-bigotry organisation , in a statement that it \" deeply disturbed \" by the latest threats to the Jewish community . Meanwhile , more than 100 headstones at a Jewish cemetery in St Louis , Missouri , local media report . In the Canadian city of Toronto , Mayor John Tory anti-Semitic hate notes outside the homes of Jewish residents .", "The police 28-year-old Nazrul , also Nazu , the man who the 74-year-old nun . The man , allegedly a Bangladeshi citizen , at a railway station in Kolkata ( Calcutta ) . The incident outrage in India and to street protests in many cities across the country . This the sixth arrest in the crime . Police eight suspects in the attack , of which two still . \" All the five earlier Nazrul as the person who the nun ,\" a police officer the BBC . Dilip Kumar Adak , deputy inspector general of the state 's Criminal Investigation Department , the AFP news agency that police on a tip off that Nazu , who to Bangladesh after from CCTV footage of the attack , due to to Kolkata by train . In May , the police they Milon Sarkar and him as the leader of the gang which the convent . They it not clear what role the man in the case . During the attack in Ranaghat town on 14 March , money from the convent school and the building , before the nun in the convent itself .", "An emoji of the Chilean flag widely available while one of the Texas flag not yet . The Chilean flag with its white star on a blue background that of the Lone Star state . Tom Oliverson the resolution to mainly educational . The resolution on lawmakers \" to the notion that the Chilean flag , although it a nice flag , can in any way to or for the official state flag of Texas and all Texans not to the Republic of Chile flag emoji in digital forums when to the Lone Star Flag of the great State of Texas \" . Some Texans a habit of the Chilean flag in text messages and on social media as a sign of national pride . None of the US states currently their own emoji flag . Mr Oliverson that the idea to awareness about the mix-up in a light-hearted manner . \" Even if the legislature not to it , we our objective ,\" he . The resolution would non-binding and cannot into law . There will no penalties for the wrong flag emoji . \" The Chilean flag a fine design . Maybe it the second best flag , who , we not into a contest here . The important thing , though , that it not the Texas flag ,\" writer Dan Solomon in Texas Monthly magazine . \" In these times , we that this bit of legislative silliness will a refreshing breath of bipartisanship ,\" he . The wording of the bill also the significance behind the flags' seemingly small differences . \" The colours of the Chilean flag sky , snow , and blood while for freedom , but the blue , white , and red of the Lone Star Flag for the Texan values of loyalty , purity , and bravery ,\" it . Chile and its national symbols the subject of mix-ups before . At the 2016 Copa America football tournament , the organisers Chile 's national anthem instead of that of Uruguay as Uruguayan players on confused . The day , the Chilean national anthem out by music by the rapper Pitbull before Chile 's match against Argentina .", "US rights already with NBC Universal at $ 83m (\u00a3 53.2m ) a season . The Premier League its latest round of overseas television rights , a record \u00a3 5.1bn three-season domestic deal with BT Sport and Sky , which in 2016-17 . That the \u00a3 1bn-a-season agreement currently in place . The new US agreement in addition to the domestic rights deal and all Premier League matches in seasons 2016-17 to 2021-22 . The Premier League and NBC not how much the new deal worth . Premier League chairman Richard Scudamore NBC Universal 's coverage of the previous two seasons interest in clubs , and the competition as a whole , to unprecedented levels . The total overseas rights , which lucrative regions such as the Middle East and North Africa ( Mena ) , will worth about an additional \u00a3 2bn in the current deal cycle .", "The water pipes in the town old and prone to leaks and bursts , Severn Trent Water . Part of Milford Road to until the summer as a metal water pipe . Diversions will in place . The road \" just too narrow \" in parts to open as large machinery will , a spokesman . More than 12 miles ( 20km ) of new water pipes from the Shugborough area into Stafford town centre . In the first phase , which in September , pipes on Tixall Road for a new housing development nearby .", "The foreign ministry a Russian jet into its airspace on the border with Syria on Friday . Moscow the claim as \" baseless propaganda \" . Tensions between the two countries high since November , when Turkey down a Russian jet . Russia out air strikes in Syria since September . It forces the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , its ally . In a statement , the Turkish foreign ministry a Russian SU-34 jet into Turkish airspace at 11:46 local time on Friday , several warnings in Russian and English . It the ministry the Russian ambassador in Ankara to \" strongly at and \" the incident . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Saturday that Russia would \" to consequences if it up such violations \" . \" Such irresponsible steps not either the Russian Federation , or Russia-Nato relations , or regional and global peace ,\" he reporters . He he repeatedly for a meeting with his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , without success . Nato - of which Turkey a member - on Saturday Russia \" to responsibility and to fully Nato airspace \" and \" all necessary measures to that such violations not again \" . Relations between Russia and Turkey , a vocal opponent of Mr Assad , after Turkish F-16s down a Russian SU-24 on 24 November . Turkey the plane into its airspace and warnings to . Russia the jet never over from Syrian territory and not any warnings . The two leaders on a war of words and Russia a raft of sanctions to Turkey 's economy . Moscow 's ban on the import of Turkish foods , the sale of charter holidays for Russians to Turkey and most construction projects with Turkish firms to the Turkish economy at least $ 10bn .", "Falcons eighth , six of their 14 matches , after 11th for the previous three campaigns . \" Every year I here we improvement ,\" the 53-year-old BBC Radio Newcastle . \" People n't quite improvement though until you people , which what we this year ,\" he . \" I never at anything other than that [ in the top six ] for the last four years . We now more wins than people , and people now us as top six contenders . \" Newcastle Northampton , who they 22-16 earlier this season , on Sunday , with the Saints one place above the Falcons in the table . \" They for every point they can , and will to the defeat from earlier in the year . \" \" I people to at our combativeness and ' never to down ' attitude . We there . Every game a battle for other teams . They n't here and we that . It not about the weather up here , but the way we . \" \" We still to out and it . It not about dizzy heights and aspirations . It about that win time and time again . \"", "The 26-year-old just one appearance since Posh in November , in the 3-2 win over former club Barnsley . Graham Westley 's side currently injuries to fellow defenders Callum Elder , Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe . Posh , currently sixth in the table , at home against Chesterfield on Boxing Day .", "Cycling 's governing body the UCI the 19-year-old 's spare bike a motor at January 's Cyclo-cross World Championships in Belgium . Van den Driessche also 20,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 14,000 ) and to legal costs . The former European Under-23 champion must also all her medals . The result of the World Championship race , the women 's under-23 race by Great Britain 's Evie Richards , not . of bikes in UCI competitions in recent years , but Van den Driessche 's the first to a motor . There 274 bikes at the Track Cycling World Championships in London in March . Media playback not on this device UCI regulations , which recently , state that a rider a minimum suspension of six months and a fine of up to 200,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 141,000 ) for an offence of \" technological fraud \" , while coaches , mechanics and other officials could also . Van den Driessche during the women 's under-23 race at the Cyclo-cross World Championships . The motor , along with a battery , in the tube below the saddle . It by a Bluetooth switch underneath the handlebar tape . She suggestions she deliberately , the bike not hers . \" It my friend 's and identical to mine . This friend around the course Saturday before off the bike in the truck . A mechanic , it my bike , it and it for my race ,\" she Belgian television in January .", "Bath player Ford , 23 , six out of seven kicks at goal during the 27-13 victory over Wales 11 days ago . That - with 24-year-old Farrell 's form for title-winning Saracens - coach Eddie Jones to the change . Luther Burrell likely to the inside-centre role by Farrell . Harlequins winger Marland Yarde in line to instead of Exeter 's Jack Nowell , with England to their team at 10:00 BST on Thursday . England never a series in Australia , but determined to the 33-13 \" hiding \" they by the Wallabies at the 2015 World Cup . \" We out of that game we too much of ourselves ,\" loose-head prop Mako Vunipola of England 's heaviest defeat on home soil . \" The biggest lesson we that on any day anything can . We into this weekend that too . \" There no thought of revenge or righting wrongs of the World Cup and , although it hard to , it to to the back of our minds . \"", "Katie Milby , 13 , Morquio A , a degenerative syndrome which about 105 people in the UK . It to the progressive deterioration of mobility , health and stamina . Her friend Kyle Pirrie a petition to the medicine Vimizim available on the NHS . There no cure to Morquio syndrome but the drug the life of people with the condition . It a enzyme which children to to , as well as stamina and the ability to . It also pain . The drug 's manufacturers the treatment to patients at their own expense but they to it unless the NHS in England and Scotland to it . The Stranraer Academy student her life would markedly different without the drug . \" I would n't able to I 'd just in so much pain ,\" she . \" And I probably would n't able to to school . \" It that situation which her friend to the petition which now nearly 2,000 signatures . \" As a friend I I kind of bad that she to this because I she a great outlook on life ,\" Kyle . \" She funny , she friendly and I would to her in pain all the time . \" Galloway and West Dumfries MSP Alex Fergusson also the petition . \" This not a cheap medication but , as Katie herself me , how you a value on a human life ?\" he . \" There only just over a hundred sufferers throughout the UK , with just five in Scotland , and those who treatment with Vimizim a massive reduction in pain and the other symptoms of this syndrome . \" Life expectancy , which rarely the mid 20s without treatment , can considerably with this treatment , and it enormously to the credit of Katie and her friends that they this petition to to that the treatment available to all . \" The Scottish Medicines Consortium the drug currently through its assessment process . It that a decision on the medicine to in early September .", "The Staffordshire club second in the Premiership - the top-flight of English rugby as it - and part of the league for 15 seasons . Lichfield director of rugby Becky Williams it \" devastating \" to out on the new 10-team league . When if she for a rethink , Williams : \" We it . \" to BBC Midlands Today , Williams : \" What we , as a club , so hard to for 25 years to to the standard - which we . \" Women 's Super Rugby , into which there will a multi-million pound investment by the RFU over the first three years , at playing standards and participation in the game . Lichfield the only Premiership side not to in the new Women 's Super Rugby competition , as third-placed Aylesford will as Harlequins from 2017 . Centre Emily Scarratt , a World Cup winner and Team GB captain at the 2016 Rio Olympics , among five Lichfield players in England 's Six Nations campaign this season . In a statement , Women 's Premiership chair Mark Francis \" the competition will \" by Lichfield 's absence and also \" the RFU to the decision \" . The RFU they willing to closely with the club and \" future ambitions to in the new competition \" . Applications for a spot in Super Rugby around coaching and training , sports science and medical support , training and environment , player pools , and financial streams . There will no promotion or relegation from the competition for the first two seasons , which in September . While Lichfield boss Williams disappointed the club , she the RFU 's efforts to a better and resourced top-flight competition \" absolutely fantastic \" . England and Lichfield prop Justine Lucas the sentiment , : \" For the bigger picture , the RFU so much money into women 's rugby absolutely fantastic . \" But it a real blow for Lichfield . We all so hard this year and so much into our club rugby , Lichfield a lot to everyone . \"", "Mike Hall and two colleagues from West Midlands Police 's cannabis team down by a driver in Wolverhampton , at around 15:30 BST on Monday . The passenger in labour and Mr Hall to a baby girl , the force . Mr Hall it a day he \" wo n't in a hurry \" . more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here Soon after he in , paramedics at the scene in Hickman Avenue , and mother and baby to hospital to over . Mr Hall , the cannabis disposal team manager with the force , : \" It far from your typical call for help but it definitely one of the most rewarding . \" I with the force for more than 30 years and never to a baby before . \" We medical training but nothing can ever you for such a situation . \"", "The England centre , 24 , whose deal at Welford Road out next summer , interest from several sides . \" We some very positive discussions with Manu and and we very positive about him here ,\" Cockerill BBC Radio Leicester . \" Manu world class . Clearly people to him to smaller clubs by him huge amounts of money . \" Reports Tuilagi \u00a3 1.6 million over three years by Worcester Warriors , although Warriors director of rugby Dean Ryan on Wednesday there no truth in the claims . Wasps director of rugby Dai Young also his club no move for the England centre , but Saracens , Bristol and Toulouse also to interested . Samoa-born Tuilagi , who Leicester as a youngster and since 25 caps for England , a new deal by the Tigers . \" I n't other clubs to with him until 1 January , so that me ,\" Cockerill . \" Manu a sensible lad and I sure we will to a sensible conclusion and all indications that it the case . \" I confident that Manu will . He a lot of rugby in him . \" He a good lad . We after him very well and we confident he will a Leicester player . \"", "Jemma Beale , 25 , she by nine men and sexually by six , all strangers , in four encounters three years . One allegation to the conviction of a man who for seven years . Beale from Hounslow guilty of perjury and the course of justice at Southwark Crown Court . Judge Nicholas Loraine-Smith Beale , who in a relationship with a woman : \" This trial , what then not obvious , that you a very , very convincing liar and you as a victim . \" The prosecution your life as a ' construct of bogus victimhood ' . \" These offences usually as a drunken attempt to your partner 's sympathy or perhaps to her jealousy . \" They each impulsively , but what particularly chilling the manner in which you in allegations which you untrue even to the extent of and perjury . \" Prosecutor Madeleine Wolfe the court police 6,400 hours Beale 's lies at a cost of at least \u00a3 250,000 , and the trial at least \u00a3 109,000 . \" Cases such as this a real risk that a woman who or sexually not to the police for fear of not \" , the judge . \" False allegations likely to the perverse impact of the likelihood of guilty men free . \" In a victim impact statement , Mahad Cassim , who wrongly of Beale in 2010 , the court he hugely by the false claim . \" One of my goals to a successful businessman , to a nice family and happy ,\" he . \" I on the happiness - I a long way to . \" Beale also falsely she by a stranger , Noam Shahzad , in a pub in July 2012 . She she then by him and other men , and even self-inflicted injuries to up her claims she with barbed wire . The year Beale similar allegations against six other men . She two strangers sexually her and she gang again , by four others , two months later .", "Peterborough restaurant owner Mohammed Khubaib , 43 , of rape and grooming offences last month . During his trial at the Old Bailey , the jury he a 14-year-old girl to a sex act on him after her drunk . He a \" persistent and almost predatory interest \" in girls , the court . Det Supt Gary Ridgway from Cambridgeshire Police the sentence \" just how serious this type of offence \" . \" This justice for young people who the courage to up in court and some very difficult experiences ,\" he . Khubaib the tenth person to under Operation Erle , which on allegations of sex abuse by other groups of men and boys against young girls . Four previous cases to nine male defendants for 59 offences against 15 girls from Peterborough and elsewhere in the East Midlands . \" We pleased with this sentence today as it justice for the girls and young women who at the hands of this vicious criminal ,\" Wendi Ogle-Welbourn , from Peterborough City Council . She the \" bravery \" of the victims who evidence during the course of the trial . \" Their courage in some absolutely horrendous experiences at the hands of this criminal us to the result we today and that other girls and young women safer in our city ,\" she . Cambridgeshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Sir Graham Bright Khubaib 's actions as \" crime of the worst kind \" .", "Crews to the incident at about 17:00 on Friday . Five appliances initially to the scene with one on site on Saturday afternoon . No-one in the incident .", "The weather also Norfolk and Lincolnshire , where homes and an air display . BBC Weather 50mm of rain in Cambridgeshire in an hour , the banks of the River Nene in March . A Tesco shopper water \" through the ceiling near the fresh fish counter \" . Richard Mayer , 32 , in his car at Bar Hill while he to a home in the area . from the vehicle he : \" Water over the kerb now . People can through it , but it far more than you 'd to through . \" I in my car on the pavement in order to some height just down from the Bar Hill roundabout near Tesco . \" There cars everywhere and the flooding worse as people to through it , but their engines out which them to the road . \" Fire service group commander Ryan Stacey : \" We seven crews currently in the March , Doddington and Wisbech St Mary areas , with residents , and water out of homes . \" The exact number of properties cannot , but we that we currently at least 60 properties . \" He : \" n't to through water - as well as the water your car , there may hazards under the water you ca n't . \" A rest centre in St John the Evangelist Parish Hall in Queens Street , March . There also reports of flash flooding in west Norfolk . Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service officers with about 40 flood-related calls with ongoing incidents in Swaffham , Necton , Outwell and Downham Market . Police in Cambridgeshire people to on the county 's roads unless absolutely necessary due to the \" deluge of rain currently \" . Ch Insp Nick Night : \" We partner agencies the Highways Agency , Fire and Rescue Service , Fenland District Council and Cambridgeshire County Council with road closures , residents and vehicles out of flood water . \" We not a stock of sandbags , so please not 999 any . \" The UK Power Network it to power to homes and about 400 homes still without power at about 21:00 BST on Friday .", "An advance party of about 10 soldiers from Force Troop Command , 1 Div and Field Army training will African Union peacekeeping efforts against the al-Shabab group . About 70 personnel will eventually in Somalia out medical , logistical and engineering duties . Around 300 troops also to the conflict in South Sudan . Al-Shabab - the Islamist militant group to al-Qaeda - Somalia 's government for control of the country . Who Somalia 's al-Shabab ? New questions for African force in Somalia Somali defector : Why I al-Shabab The group out a string of attacks - in neighbouring Kenya - and to between 7,000 and 9,000 fighters . The African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) in 2007 , and mainly of troops from Uganda , Burundi , Djibouti , Kenya and Ethiopia . In South Sudan , conflict between government and rebel forces more than 2.2 million people from their homes in the state , which away from Sudan in 2011 . The British troops to South Sudan will also out engineering work to infrastructure . It a commitment by UK Prime Minister David Cameron at the UN in New York in September . It part of a pledge in the Strategic Defence and Security Review to the number of UK troops on UN \" blue-hatted \" peacekeeping tasks and efforts to some of the world 's most conflicts . at the time , Mr Cameron operations \" will to serious humanitarian and security issues ... to stability to the region and these challenges from further afield \" . the arrival of the team in Somalia , Defence Secretary Michael Fallon : \" This deployment another demonstration of the flexibility and global reach of our armed forces . \" It the UK 's \" determination to terrorism wherever it its head \" , he . The Ministry of Defence the UK military 's contribution to UN peacekeeping a long history of the organisation , a presence in Cyprus . Britain long a large financial contributor to UN peacekeeping missions and the fifth highest provider of funds . But its troop commitment relatively small - mainly on 250 soldiers in Cyprus .", "Summer Wroniecki a bone in her leg when the inflatable about 150 yards into the crowd at Duffus Park in Cupar , Fife , on Saturday afternoon . Summer previously a rare type of cancer , which just after her third birthday . Her father Christian on Facebook that his daughter \" comfortable \" . He : \" Summer a tough cookie as you all and will again back . \" Mr Wroniecki on Monday morning that her operation would place on Tuesday . It an adult also for a shoulder complaint after the incident . Organisers every safety precaution risk .", "Media playback not on this device The 35-year-old 184 goals in 252 matches in an international career 15 years . She in the 2015 World Cup squad and two Olympic golds . \" It an amazing , wonderful ride and I ca n't to what the next chapter of my life ,\" she . Wambach the 2012 Fifa Women 's World Player of the Year and also a six-time US Soccer Female Athlete of the Year winner . She will with the US team for all four of its December matches , but her final game will on 16 December against China in New Orleans as the last match of the 10-game tour . Media playback not on this device \" Abby a player who our sport and her legacy as one of the world 's greatest players forever ,\" US head coach Jill Ellis . \" What she for women 's soccer and women 's sports overall with her amazing talents on the field and her personality off it inspiring to . \" I just extremely happy that she could her career with that elusive World Cup title and out on top , right where she to . \" In her career , Wambach just over 500 goals for her high school , college , professional club teams and the United States youth and senior international sides .", "The 24-year-old a two-year-deal and will his commitments with the Stormers and Western Province in South Africa . He the son of former Springbok Guy Kebble and the 2012 Under-20s World Championship with South Africa . \" I and an edge to the game and an impact ,\" Kebble the Pro12 club 's website . \" I all of the Glasgow matches in the Champions Cup this season and northern hemisphere rugby very exciting . I forward to in a competitive European league . \" I Dave Rennie one of the best coaches in the world , so it an exciting prospect to under him next season . \" Kebble will current team-mate Huw Jones in Glasgow , with the Scotland centre a two-year contract with the Warriors earlier this month . \" Huw and I together in Cape Town ,\" he . \" We n't really about it too much before it , but now it nice to there will a familiar face in Glasgow . \" Last week , BBC Scotland Kebble 's arrival , with the new recruit a project player by Scottish Rugby , who him for several years .", "The Vikings the table after six of their first seven games but from the top after to Warrington on 25 March . Betts' side currently in fifth place in the table and league leaders Warrington again on Friday . \" I n't our form that bad , we just some games ,\" Betts BBC Radio Merseyside . \" We some momentum to at the table , but internally we still some good things . \" After 108 points in their opening seven matches , Widnes' fortunes of late , with the Vikings 103 points in their last four games . \" It about the little things well , the confidence high and the things we at the beginning of the year with the same kind of determination ,\" he . \" We we to back in the league but Warrington the same thing and there guys who to some momentum in their league positions . \"", "The 28-year-old man from Brighton to hospital in a critical condition after in North Street at 07:10 GMT on Saturday . A 28-year-old man of no address and a 43-year-old woman from Brighton on suspicion of robbery . A 30-year-old Brighton man on suspicion of grievous bodily harm . Sussex Police the victim still in hospital . Officers still keen to from anyone who in the area at the time and may the assault .", "Clive Weatherhogg up meetings between the woman and a man he through an adult website , and them sex . A court he a message a sexually explicit clip to the victim 's sister on Christmas Day . Weatherhogg , 42 , also on the sex offenders register . He the charges but guilty a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . Sheriff George Way the case to the High Court in Edinburgh to with because its greater sentencing powers . Weatherhogg , formerly of Guthrie , near Forfar , guilty of the woman to in sexual activity and intercourse with the man between 10 September , 2013 and 17 September the following year . He also of intentionally the woman 's sister and father to at sexual images and in a threatening or abusive manner on 25 December , 2014 . The woman the trial she \" blackmailed \" by Weatherhogg . Lady Wolffe the Weatherhogg that she to a sentence on him that \" society 's abhorrence \" at such conduct . The judge that Weatherhogg , a first offender , as \" a moderate risk \" of sexual re-offending . Defence counsel Jonathan Crowe it \" a dramatic shock \" for Weatherhogg to on remand ahead of sentencing .", "The 26-year-old will Wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer for a fee to \u00a3 10m . The Owls to until Wednesday for the English Football League to if the deal by Tuesday 's 23:00 GMT deadline . Rhodes six goals in 24 league appearances for Boro after from Blackburn for \u00a3 9m in January 2016 . However , the Scotland international , just six times this season and to . He his career with Ipswich and loan spells with Oxford , Rochdale and Brentford before Huddersfield in July 2009 . Rhodes 73 goals in 124 league appearances for the Terriers and them to promotion from League One in 2012 . Blackburn the Terriers \u00a3 8m for him in August 2012 their relegation from the Premier League . He on to Boro last January after 83 goals in 159 league games for Rovers and Aitor Karanka 's side promotion to the Premier League . Rhodes' father , Andy , the coach at Hillsborough . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or our Premier League tracker here .", "The Academy Selsey extensive damage and much of its contents in the blaze on 21 August . The school 's 453 pupils currently at four locations in the Selsey area . As well as classrooms , the temporary buildings will science labs , workshops and food technology areas , the school . The buildings , some of which already on the site by two large cranes , previously to staff and students from Bohunt School in Worthing while work out . Tom Garfield , head teacher of the academy , : \" We absolutely delighted to the first temporary school buildings on site . It a great milestone for us , the staff and students alike . \" He once the structures over the next few days the school would the rooms for teaching .", "British and Irish Lion North , 23 , a new contract with Northampton Saints in England 's Premiership . The 23-year-old 's previous deal due to next summer and he with a return to Wales . \" We 'd all to our best players in Wales ,\" Davies . \" Why would we it any different ? \" Davies Scarlets chief executive when North them for Saints in 2013 , and to the Pro Rugby Wales role in September 2014 . He would to players such as North back in Wales to a \" return on investment to the regions that them \" as well as to fans and to younger players . Davies : \" From the national squad 's point of view , the coaches very clear that they fundamentally that it a better environment in terms of player management for the players to in Wales . \" They can them better in conjunction with the regions . \" North , 55 times by Wales and also a 2013 Lions tourist in Australia , 42 times for Saints . There speculation he might Wales team-mate and former regional colleague Jonathan Davies , who will to Scarlets from Clermont Auvergne on a Welsh Rugby Union dual contract next season . Former Wales centre Tom Shanklin also disappointed North will in England . \" It probably good for him personally because he at a very good club and in a very good league ,\" Shanklin Scrum V Radio . \" But I to all the Welsh players back . That to our league and our product on the field . \" We some great news Jon Davies back so it a bit of a shame . \"", "Kvitova up wins over world number one Angelique Kerber and Britain 's Johanna Konta with a 6-1 6-2 demolition of Romania 's Halep . The two-time Wimbledon champion just 67 minutes to the semi-final . Kvitova on to Slovakian 10th seed Dominika Cibulkova , who Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4 . Cibulkova , who four months of the season in 2015 after surgery on her left foot , now close to for the eight-player WTA Finals in Singapore for the first time . \" I a good player ,\" the 27-year-old . \" I can top players . But I consistency in my game . This the first year that I really consistent the whole year . \" Kvitova , 26 , 34 winners in a dominant display against Halep , the Romanian to her first final of 2015 . \" It amazing ,\" the two-time Wimbledon champion . \" I to this tournament and really n't this kind of performance . Physically I still so-so - I really happy that I not apart . \" But I a really great match today in spite of everything , which really the pressure on her . \"", "Gerald Lavey , 30 , his children to him during the attack by up to six men at his home at Ballymagowan Avenue , Creggan , on Monday . He the gang him from his living room to the front garden where he with iron bars and nails . Hours after the attack , a wheelie bin alight next to the house . Police they both incidents to . \" Any other night I would normally the door and the keys out of reach so nobody could the glass ,\" Gerald Lavey . \" But the wee'uns [ children ] n't the door and the next thing we footsteps up the stairs and I just then that what it . \" They me down the stairs into the garden and me with iron bars . Just before , my wee girl onto me when she them and they just her off me . \" Mr Lavey he for the safety of his daughter , 9 , and his five-year-old son . \" Its terrible , I n't they should to anything at all . They . I on the garden and they just into me with iron bars with nails in them . \" While I in the front garden they [ the gang ] up the house . One of them that enough , that enough but the last boy out to me five or six slaps more and then they off down the street . \" Gerald Lavey those behind the attack \" cowards \" . \" They about coke but I n't any sort of drugs . I addicted to medication and that it . I n't anybody I just myself to myself . \" Cowards . They to all in masks and iron bars and it five or six of them . \"", "The former Nova Centre in Prestatyn will a new gym , cafe and pool-side changing rooms as part of the \u00c2 \u00a3 4.2m revamp . Three promenade-side retail units and a soft play facility will also . The centre last February after the trust it its funding by Denbighshire council . The work , on Monday , to by July .", "The cases 165 suspects and more than 100 victims . A police spokesperson many cases \" multiple suspects and multiple victims \" but there also a large number single suspects . Last year , 12 men for their part in the abuse of a single victim in Keighley . Eleven at Bradford Crown Court after of the girl from the age of 13 and another man for sexual activity with her . The CSE figures , which to the Keighley News and to the BBC by police , with last year 's figure of 220 cases . There 261 suspects under investigation at the same time in 2016 . A police spokesperson : \" West Yorkshire Police and partners proactive in their approach to victims to forward and them that all reports will seriously . \" We a far greater understanding of CSE than in the past and this to rapid action to resources to the identification and prosecution of perpetrators of this abhorrent crime . \"", "Eight people dead in the vehicle in a Walmart car park in San Antonio , Texas , and 31 others . Two later in hospital . The driver , as James Mathew Bradley , 60 , could the death penalty . He the immigrants in his trailer while he . They inside the trailer without access to air conditioning or water while outside temperatures 38C ( 100F ) . Police they the incident to people . Video footage from the store reportedly a number of vehicles to up some of the survivors . Several others may to on foot into the woods nearby . Immigration and Customs Enforcement head Thomas Homan more than 100 people could in the truck at one point . Mexico 's government it closely with US authorities to the nationalities of the victims . San Antonio a few hours' drive from the border with Mexico , and the US immigration department to the victims' legal status . Officials to the trailer by a man who an employee of the Walmart store and for water . San Antonio police chief William McManus in a press briefing that the people from school age to in their 30s . Local fire chief Charles Hood the survivors heart rates of over 130 beats per minute and very hot to . The fire chief at least two of the victims school-age children . Their condition not clear . The US attorney for the Western District of Texas , Richard Durbin , the people helpless victims of \" ruthless human smugglers indifferent to the wellbeing of their fragile cargo \" . Experts people smuggling a serious issue in southern Texas , and there a number of similar cases in the area just in this past month . On 7 July , US Border Patrol agents 72 undocumented immigrants from Central American countries inside a trailer \" with no means of escape \" . The next day 33 people inside a trailer at a checkpoint on the road to San Antonio .", "SKN Heritage Museum the type of belongings by African-Caribbean immigrants in the 1940s and 50s . The Windrush generation to adverts to in Britain but only to one suitcase . Organisers the display a unique insight into important part of Nottingham 's history . The Windrush after the first boat which people from the Caribbean to Britain in 1948 . The exhibition , ' From Caribbean Isles to the British Isles - Home to Home ' , to an insight into people who across the Atlantic to a better life in what still the Empire 's \" mother country \" . Item photographs , clothes , records and games - as well as beauty products for black skin and hair when none commercially available . Catherine Ross , the museum 's founder , Nottingham from St Kitts when she just seven years old . She : \" Our aim to everyone about the contributions that Caribbeans to British society and Nottingham and these achievements . \" There'sno better place tostart than Nottingham Carnival , as it such awell and celebratory event in Nottingham 's calendar . \" The carnival place for the first time in two sites - the Forest Recreation Ground on Saturday and the Victoria Embankment on Sunday .", "Barbara Stensland , 43 , from Cardiff , to Carmarthen on 5 August . When she to a taxi from the railway station to the venue , less than one mile ( 1.6km ) away , she . Carmarthenshire council 's senior licensing officer , Justin Power , : \" We will this matter and any necessary steps . \" Ms Stensland BBC Radio Cymru 's Post Cyntaf programme it her more than an hour to the venue . She : \" I to the first taxi in the queue outside the station , I him where I to . \" He . I he just along because I it a fairly short distance . \" When I ' seriously , can I in the taxi ? ' He ' no , I not you . ' So he me helpfully in the right direction and me to . \" Urtha Felda , from MS Society Cymru , : \" We of people trouble taxis . \" If somebody still you ca n't that they disabled - if someone in a wheelchair it really obvious . \" It not obvious , so I would to people - n't judgements . \"", "Sgt Jon Harris to an alleged assault in the Waterloo Bar in Argyle Street on Wednesday night . After with the incident he customers by out the classic 70s track on the karaoke . Peter McKenna-Boyd , who the performance , : \" Everybody just it \" . The officer in full uniform at the time . Mr McKenna-Boyd BBC Radio Scotland 's The Kaye Adams programme : \" Nobody it to . It just a normal Wednesday night for us . \" They just their new wacky Wednesday which a bit of a game show and a bit of karaoke . \" \" I the sergeant to the karaoke host and she he up to but I n't she him to ,\" Mr McKenna-Boyd . \" But she him to it just before he out the door . The other officers outside and they his name up and they straight back in . \" They it as well . Everybody and for him . \" He hilarious , especially his pointing and his dance moves . The other policemen and and . Not sure if he their boss but when they first him it like their dad just up on the karaoke . \" Ch Insp Mark Sutherland , of Police Scotland , : \" Around 19.10 hours on Wednesday evening , officers an alleged assault within the Waterloo Bar on Argyle Street in Glasgow city centre . \" A full and thorough investigation to the arrest of a 23-year-old male who to at Glasgow Sheriff Court on 2nd June . \" Once the inquiry and the victim 's safety , Sgt Jon Harris from our city centre community policing team to in karaoke in the pub . ' Sgt Jon ' to the stage which to any tensions in the pub . \" I pleased to that once the incident professionally , my officers able to a lighter moment with those who in the pub . \"", "The hosts opener Chris Dent for a duck in the fourth over and Gareth Roderick ( 23 ) shortly after . Will Tavare ( 20 ) and Michael Klinger ( 10 ) a steady fall of wickets until Hamish Marshall ( 58 ) and Phil Mustard ( 38 ) the hosts' recovery . However , Viljoen through the tail to end with impressive figures of 5-55 .", "Northants to first and away with regular wickets as Keaton Jennings , Cameron Steel and Graham Clark all for 20 . Buck 's haul also the wickets of in-form Paul Collingwood and top-scorer Michael Richardson ( 27 ) . Barry McCarthy 2-20 as Durham back , but Northants the day 59-3 , 107 runs behind . Division Two 's bottom side Durham into the game on the back of a dramatic defeat by Glamorgan and their fragile batting line-up by Northants' seam attack in an innings which just 45.2 overs . Northants Rob Newton , Alex Wakeley and Rob Keogh cheaply in reply , but Max Holden ( 19 not out ) and Chesney Hughes ( 16 not out ) further damage before bad light an early close . Former Derbyshire and Leeward Islands batsman Hughes , who as a ' guest ' for Northants in their tour game against South Africa A , his first Championship appearance since last August , on a non-contract , pay-as-you-play basis .", "Margaret Fleming , 36 , last at her home in Inverkip by her two carers at about 17:40 on Friday 28 October . She as about 5ft 5in tall , with collar-length black hair , brown eyes and a heavy build , although her weight can . Police they to a picture of Ms Fleming 's life , part of which she \" quite private \" . When last , she a green tartan fleece or jumper , dark jeans or trousers , and dark Karrimor-type boots . She also a satchel-type handbag . A police spokesman : \" There a specialist search team the area around where the person last , this in the garden of her last address . \" earlier this month , Ch Insp Elliot Brown , area commander for Greenock , : \" We currently with limited information and whilst it like this quite an unusual person case , it challenging . \" As we to to together Margaret 's life , we she a side of her life quite private so we to into this in a bit more detail to if this will with our inquiries . \" We backwards to to out more about Margaret , so we to friends and family members to a clearer picture of her life over the years . \" The detective that Ms Fleming a student at James Watt College in Greenock between 1996 and 1997 . He he keen to to anyone who her from then , and who might in touch with her over the years .", "A poster for conference call firm Powwownow a man on an underground train by zombie-like characters in masks . Faces the adverts \" insensitive \" because of the similarity to masks by people from burns . Powwownow the images not those with facial disfigurements and instead characters from \" fantasy horror \" . In one advert , a woman in the middle of a group of people masks similar to that of Jason , the main character of the Friday The 13th movie franchise . In a blog post , Changing Faces chief executive , James Partridge , the tagline of the campaign - the Horror - \" disturbing \" . He : \" It the harmful association that people who masks as part of their treatment and who burn scarring , to and . \" Faces Powwownow originally to down the adverts . In a statement to Newsbeat , a spokesman from the conferencing service : \" When we a complaint from Changing Faces , we the advert as a mark of respect to the charity 's perspective and a review of the advertising strategy . \" After this robust review , we the advert as a reflection of our belief in the creative concept , its clear reference to the fantasy horror genre and the fact that we in no way or against people with facial disfigurement , or indeed any people . \" The adverts purely on the horror of the commuting experience and in no way target any individuals . \" Catrin Pugh from Wrexham burns to her face and body when the coach she in in France in 2013 . She treatment ever since . to Newsbeat , she : \" my compression mask why my face ' normal ' and one of the most important parts of my treatment . \" This advert , people in masks ' horrors' me so angry . \" \" I when I first out into the public my mask , and due to my eyesight I could n't it , but my sister almost everyone and . \" If that then with like a horror , as the advert , it could far worse , with hurtful reactions , rather than curious reactions which what I . \" Powwownow that the characters in its campaign \" commonplace in the world of computer games , TV , entertainment and film . \" We to that there absolutely no intention to anyone at all . \" @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Visitors hot drinks , pastries , calligraphy demonstrations and discussion during the \" open-house \" weekend . The country 's Muslim body , the French Council of the Muslim Faith ( CFCM ) , to mainstream Islam from recent jihadist attacks . The initiative a year after the Charlie Hebdo killings in Paris . Jihadist gunmen 17 people at different Paris sites , the offices of the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine and a kosher supermarket . the anniversary of the killings , President Francois Hollande a plaque on Saturday in tribute to one of those who , policewoman Clarissa Jean-Philippe . France also the four Jewish hostages at the supermarket . France still under a state of emergency after November 's Paris attacks , out by gunmen to the Islamic State group , which 130 people . Hundreds of French mosques part in the open-house event , a \" brotherly cup of tea \" . \" The objective to a space where people can together and normal Muslim worshippers and all of our fellow citizens ,\" CFCM President Anouar Kbibech AFP . He the CFCM to the anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks to \" the real values of Islam , to straight the cliches about links to violence and terrorism \" .", "Total catches of cod , haddock and plaice , the Scottish government . Catches of saithe , whiting and herring will in line with long-term management plans . Talks between the EU and Norway the total allowable catch for cod would 29,189 tonnes , 5 % up on 2014 . The increase will UK fishermen an additional 542 tonnes and Scottish fishermen around 343 tonnes . A 6 % increase in the haddock catch to 40,711 tonnes the UK an additional 3,468 tonnes and Scottish fishermen more than 2,500 extra tonnes . Scottish Fisheries Secretary Richard Lochhead : \" I pleased there an increase in the quota of these key stocks for next year which in line with the recent scientific advice that the stocks in good shape . \" It welcome the agreement quickly this year to the protracted talks last year and will certainty for the industry about opportunities in 2015 and any delays to the commencement of fishing in the new year . \" There much to to for the discard ban which to into force for white fish from 2016 . This outcome will these stocks to next year while also to discards , and should a sound launchpad for the year 's quota under the ban . \" We now ahead to the crucial December EU fisheries council when we will again that our vessels to the number of days they can to sea as any cut would simply counterproductive . \" UK Fisheries Minister George Eustice the agreements an \" excellent result for the UK \" . He : \" It UK fishermen a 5 % increase in their quota for cod - the second successive rise in annual cod quota in two years . The increase an encouraging sign that we our goals ; a thriving fishing industry with sustainable fish stocks . \" The deal also a 7 % rise in North Sea haddock and 15 % rise in plaice quotas . This great news for our fisheries ahead of vital quota negotiations next month where I will UK fishermen . \"", "The Dufton Europa plane crash in a field in Maidwell on Thursday afternoon . Emergency services to the field , but an empty plane . Ambulance crews the pilot Iain McKay and his wife , of Houghton Regis , Bedfordshire , at the The Stags Head , where they after the ordeal . Simon Nixon , the manager of the pub , : \" A lady in her with her husband . It not until she a drink ( non-alcoholic ) that she she a bit shaken up because she just a plane crash . I if she OK and she a little bit of a cut to her arm . Other than that she OK . \" It not often you plane crashes where people able to away . \" An off duty policeman the ambulance crews of the couple 's whereabouts . An East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman an ambulance and an air ambulance to the accident at about 16:30 BST . \" Both patients away from the aircraft and over by the doctor but n't any further treatment ,\" she . The Air Accident Investigation Branch yet to .", "Fly-half Sexton and flanker O'Brien both from calf injuries and should available at Murrayfield . Sexton against Castres on 20 January but to \" very positive \" about his recovery . However , uncapped Munster wing Andrew Conway out after an groin problem . Ireland playmaker Sexton the chance to his starting spot , he through Tuesday 's session . Ulster 's Paddy Jackson will for Joe Schmidt 's side if the Leinster star out while Munster 's Ian Keatley the squad as cover for the time . \" Johnny good progress and he back on track to on Tuesday ,\" Ireland team manager Paul Dean . \" I everything fine , he very positive about it . \" O'Brien the rehabilitation on his calf issue and to full part in Monday afternoon 's training session . Full-back Rob Kearney Ireland unfazed by his Leinster team-mate Sexton 's latest quest for full fitness . Sexton hamstring trouble before the turn of the year , with this calf problem yet another unwanted hurdle . Kearney injury \" par for the course \" in any Test week , then Sexton 's understudy Jackson to if into service from the start in Scotland . \" We all so used to it now ,\" Kearney , of general battles for fitness . \" On a weekly basis , more often than not , there someone in or out . \" Someone up a niggle or they not fully fit , so the coach n't them . The way Test rugby now , it par for the course . \" Paddy [ Jackson ] there all last week the plays . He more than equipped and he a week head-start . \"", "Mr Opstelten the trafficker less than he actually for money wrongly by the state . He also details of the payment - by Mr Teeven as prosecutor - , but this not so . The resignations a blow to the Liberal party as it an election . Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven both from the conservative wing of the party , which a challenge from Geert Wilders' far-right Freedom Party in provincial elections this month . The resignations also to a strain on the Liberal 's coalition with the Labour party , which very critical of Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven . The justice minister that a drug trafficker , Cees Helman , much less than the compensation of 4.7 million Dutch guilders - worth \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2.1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m ; $ 2.3m ) in current terms - that he in fact . He also that the details of the payment . On Monday , however , Mr Opstelten a record of the transaction . \" This information could earlier ,\" he reporters . \" I full responsibility for this and just now my resignation to the king . \" The payment after the authorities unable to that money they from Helman illegally . Mr Teeven , who a prosecutor at the time , the settlement . The payment not illegal . However , both ministers the misinformation their positions untenable , Reuters news agency .", "Forfar seven points clear of Arbroath , who above Elgin City by them 3-2 . Edinburgh City their unbeaten league run to seven matches with a 0-0 draw at Clyde 's Broadwood Stadium . Montrose 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers , while Stirling Albion Annan Athletic to off bottom spot . Fraser Mullen 's free-kick Cowden the lead against Forfar , but Lewis Milne the visitors level . Swankie 's first strike of the day temporarily his side the lead , only for Mullen to another free-kick . Kris Renton 's strike the hosts back in front , Josh Peters Forfar level again and Swankie 's left-foot shot in stoppage time the match . There also late drama at Gayfield , where Elgin into a two-goal lead through strikes by Brian Cameron and Chris McLeish . Bryan Prunty Arbroath back into the match and then up Steven Doris to . The hosts on-loan Dundee United defender Jassem Sukar off for a second booking and Elgin 's Thomas Reilly the same fate . There a further twist in the tale as Keiran Stewart Colin Hamilton and Doris the resulting penalty . It an early spot-kick that Annan the lead at Forthbank Stadium , Max Wright scoring after Ross Smith Aidan Smith . Darren Lee Smith 's strike and Ross McMillan 's header the match in Stirling 's favour in the first half and Dylan Nguene Bikey Albion 's goal 15 minutes from the end . Ryan Ferguson and substitute Jonny Court either side of Michael McKenna 's leveller as Montrose their second consecutive win over Berwick , with all three goals in the second half .", "The park authority 's planning committee the land for housing . However , it that the developer 's three planning applications for the project \" not to with a range of other planning policies \" . Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd , part of the Tulloch Homes Group , approval for the scheme . The housing project through the planning process for more than 10 years . Among the planning committee 's reasons for refusal that environmental impacts not fully . Rare red squirrels , capercaillie and wood ants in the area . Committee members also the village 's Carr Road unsuitable as an access for the majority of houses . Carrbridge , for its 18th century packhorse bridge , a population of about 700 people .", "Patients on two wards at University Hospital Llandough from the illness , which can quickly from person to person . The hospital the spread of the virus would if people only absolutely necessary visits . Cardiff and Vale health board it people to \" sensible \" . Chief operating officer Alice Casey : \" Many people will the norovirus bug at this time of year - we it every year and , for most people , it will unpleasant but not serious . \" But when norovirus in hospitals , where patients already unwell and in close proximity to each other on wards , the effects can more serious . \" Norovirus a highly contagious virus which nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . The symptoms about 12 to 48 hours after infection and usually for between 12 and 60 hours .", "\" The gritters now to various workshops for maintenance , just like a car ,\" a highways official . The \" low-risk \" season in October with \" high-risk \" in November . The county council they to about the upcoming winter even when it \" hot \" . The fleet of more than 40 vehicles about 1,865 miles ( 3,000km ) of roads all major traffic routes and A and B roads . Officials the service down in April but to again surprisingly soon . Richard Fenwick , from county council highways , : \" The end of summer a busy time , even when it hot we to about it . \" We drivers out during the day to sure they the routes , out any wrinkles . \" The authority it about 35,000 tonnes of salt in stock and would to about 25,000 tonnes in an average year .", "The way we , and with robots . In a special series Ricky the country the robots of the future and the scientists on them . From a night in a robot house to a brain scan , Ricky out how and why our relationship with robots , fast . out his first report here ...", "Although Gillian McCusker out with Rachel and Nyomi Fee just before the two-year-old 's death she very close friends with the pair . She she never any wrongdoing during the time she the Fees . The couple of Liam at his Fife home in March 2014 . They another boy for the murder . Ms McCusker she would now a \" friends forever \" tattoo , that she with the Fees , so she would not a daily reminder of the women . She : \" I shocked , totally shocked when everything . \" I out of my window and I a load of ambulances and I them in the street ' ' . \" I n't what to at the time as we n't . \" Ms McCusker she that \" nothing \" could now that Liam . Ms McCusker that when she into the Fee 's house to their snakes when they on holiday in St Andrews there \" nothing out of place \" to her the pair harm . She : \" They to in jail for sometime but they n't even a place in prison because they still to everything for them and they still to every day of their lives . \" It not fair because they to out and they still to their own lives to and little Liam , where he ? Nowhere . \" He not a life . So it never to enough , never . \" She there nothing she could to the couple as she unaware there any problems . The former friend also she not social services could any more to the children .", "Specialist newsprint manufacturer Palm Paper the planning application in a bid to its reliance on energy . Due to its size , the application will by the secretary of state instead of West Norfolk Borough Council . The plan a gas-fired turbine . Palm Paper 's King 's Lynn mill production in August 2009 and in January this year its second millionth tonne of newsprint paper . The company its own electricity and steam would its carbon footprint . The new plant would boilers . No concerns about air quality issues but an environmental management plan . It would construction work dust and emissions , which would a risk to health or nuisance to local people or industry .", "Most migrants to to accommodation in shipping containers but some their tents further inside the camp . Authorities to the area next to a motorway for security reasons . Riot police the operation which to without incident . The move part of a new housing project in attempts to conditions in the camp , which by about 5,000 migrants and refugees . The 125 containers with electricity , heating and bunk beds , and each one can 12 people . Officials between 1,000 and 1,500 residents until last Thursday to the area , but they reportedly a grace period until Monday . But many migrants and refugees to the new accommodation and their temporary homes further inside the camp , despite poor living conditions . Many reportedly they could permanently at the new camp , unable to their attempts to to the UK . Some also their unhappiness about an area where they a community , and concerned about their future treatment by the authorities . \" This ( the container camp ) the same as a jail . It not good ,\" one resident the BBC . Volunteers residents to their tents from the area in recent days . French and British officials to the number of migrants in Calais and others from in the hope of the UK .", "Essex Police two teenage boys and a man to hospital after in Colchester between 18:22 and 18:31 GMT on Saturday . As a result , the force 's temporary deputy chief constable use of additional powers to people . The \" robust policing tactic \" for three hours to \" order fully \" , the force . A 17-year-old boy and an 18-year-old man from London , along with a 21-year-old man from Barking . Ch Insp Simon Anslow none of those who life-threatening injuries . \" This a rare situation in any town and we the full range of legal tools at our disposal to the overwhelming majority of people safe , while sure those intent on trouble will swiftly up and with ,\" he . \" We will a vigorous investigation to all those we can who responsible for this detestable behaviour before the courts . \" The use of section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 officers the power to people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to a reasonable suspicion . The powers in force in Colchester town centre from 18:40 until 21:50 GMT on Saturday . more on this and other stories on the BBC Essex Live page Colchester MP Will Quince he the force 's use of the powers in this instance . \" Their swift action in the section 60 order , which a rarely piece of legislation , they can anybody without reasonable cause to if they a weapon within a certain time frame - I the police for that ,\" he .", "The deal would the second and third largest cable operators in the US . Charter also Bright House Networks , another cable operator , for $ 10.4bn . The three firms will cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers in 41 states . Charter will about $ 55bn in cash and stock for Time Warner Cable , with the balance of the $ 78.7bn valuation from TWC 's debts . US cable companies stiff competition from online service providers such as Amazon and Netflix , as customers increasingly to films and television shows over the internet at a time of their convenience . Cable companies by to costs and the quality of their shows . The new cable giant will with US cable market leader Comcast , which currently about 27 million customers . Charter 's takeover move a month after Comcast its plan to Time Warner Cable pressure from regulators . The latest deal also likely to under regulatory scrutiny , and the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) quickly a statement . \" The FCC every merger on its merits and whether it would in the public interest ,\" FCC chairman Tom Wheeler . \" In the public interest test , an absence of harm not sufficient . The commission will to how American consumers would if the deal to . \" The company would still smaller than Comcast , which about a third of US broadband customers , analyst Craig Moffett of Moffett Nathanson Research . \" One to sober about genuine risks that this deal could still ,\" he . Liberty Broadband , which currently about a quarter of Charter , to about 20 % of the new company . The deal Time Warner Cable at $ 195.71 per share .", "The Night Wolves to next week as part of a ride across Europe to the 70th anniversary of World War Two . Polish Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz the plan a \" provocation \" . The Night Wolves' vice-president , Felix Chernyakhovsky , the bikers still to the trip . \" Everything the same . We tomorrow as ,\" he Interfax news agency . The Night Wolves subject to US sanctions for active involvement in Crimea and for to separatist fighters for Russian-backed rebels in eastern Ukraine . Russia 's foreign ministry it \" outraged \" at Poland 's decision . The Night Wolves' road trip through Poland such controversy because of the group 's close association with Vladimir Putin and its support of Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine . They in Poland as the \" Kremlin 's Hells Angels \" . The day after news of the trip earlier this month many Polish newspapers the story with a photograph a sunglass-wearing , helmetless Russian president an enormous three-wheeled Harley-Davidson Lehman Trike with the club in Crimea in 2010 . A Facebook page \" No to the Russian bandits' ride through Poland \" quickly support from more than 10,000 people . The page 's co-host Jarek Podworski , a biker from Krakow , me the Night Wolves not motorcycle enthusiasts but criminals , some of whom part in the fighting in eastern Ukraine . Besides , he , Poles the Soviet occupation of Poland . Warsaw a strong critic of Moscow 's actions in Ukraine . The Polish foreign ministry three other Russian biker groups would into the country . But it it of the group 's plans only on Monday , and without details of the route or number of participants . The ministry that it the Russian embassy in Warsaw that the lack of information \" it could not proper security for the participants \" . However , Russia 's foreign ministry in a statement : \" It clear that the decision that a political motive . \" The Night Wolves to several countries , a path by the Red Army in World War Two , with the aim of in Berlin in time for 9 May Victory Day celebrations in Moscow . The 6,000km ( 3,720 mile ) road trip would them through Russia , Belarus , Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Austria , before Germany .", "The 32-year-old in poor form but a double century to his side 's fightback after England 629-6 in Cape Town . \" I I can of greater value as a fully batsman and senior player at this time ,\" Amla . AB de Villiers will South Africa in the third Test in Johannesburg , which on 14 January . After his appointment as successor to Graeme Smith in June 2014 , Amla the world number one side in 14 Tests . He four and six but under pressure during a 3-0 series defeat in India . Amla he before the start of the series against England , who the first Test by 241 runs in Durban last week . Until his marathon effort at Newlands , Amla , a veteran of 90 Tests and 7,108 runs , not a Test century since December 2014 . \" I honestly a lot of the criticism that Hashim in the last couple of weeks very harsh ,\" South Africa coach Russell Domingo . \" He one of South Africa 's greatest players . There n't enough respect of his achievements as a player . \" De Villiers doubts about his future in Test cricket during the first Test because of his busy workload , and over wicketkeeping duties to Quinton de Kock for the second match . The 31-year-old , who already the one-day side , : \" It an incredible honour to South Africa in any format . The captaincy obviously at short notice and the realisation of a lifelong dream . \" At the moment my priority and focus on this team to what can a memorable series win against England . This Test squad and determined to our performances around and I forward to up that challenge as captain . \" England captain Alastair Cook sad to of Amla 's resignation . \" You under pressure as a captain for a lot of the time ,\" Cook . \" It always sad when someone down because to your country a huge honour and a real privilege . \" He 'll his reasons and I him all the best - he a really nice guy . \" Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat Amla \" still a huge role to in the success of our team \" . He : \" He just that type of a person and we very fortunate to him in our stable . \" I to AB for readily the challenge of our Test team as we to the best team in the world . \"", "Forecasts for quarterly growth of between 0.5 % and 0.7 % . Official statistics also that household consumption expenditure the quarterly growth numbers . But economist Shane Oliver the BBC the numbers \" well below potential \" . On an annual basis the economy 2.3 % , expectations for 2.1 % . Economic growth in the March quarter of 2014 2.9 % . \" The March quarter GDP [ gross domestic product ] growth far better than just a few days ago ,\" Mr Oliver , who chief economist with AMP Capital in Sydney . \" However , Australia still not out of the woods , as annual growth at 2.3 % well below potential , and a full 0.8 % percentage points of the 0.9 % growth from higher inventories and trade . \" He domestic demand \" very weak with consumer spending and home construction only just the slump in mining investment \" . \" So the Australian economy not - as many would after the end of the mining boom - but it to at a sub par pace ,\" he . Australia 's economy to a post mining-boom landscape . It its economy 0.5 % in the October to December 2014 period from the quarter before , when growth 0.4 % . On Tuesday , the country 's central bank , the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) , not its lending rates further to the economy , despite pressure from businesses to so . The decision Australian stocks 1.72 % as investors little hope of a further cut in the near future . However , Evan Lucas from IG Markets in Melbourne \" the collapse of [ Australian stocks ] on the back of the RBA not an explicit bias ... a bit of an overreaction \" . In May , the RBA its benchmark lending rate by 25 basis points to an all-time low of 2 % . property prices in Australia 's biggest city , Sydney , a strong currency and a drop in iron ore prices among the reasons for the cut . The May rate cut the second this year , a previous 25 basis point cut in February and similar action from central banks in China , Canada , Singapore , Korea and India . A Australian dollar also cause for concern , particularly for Australia 's big mining and energy exporters . Mr Oliver more help would likely to \" in the form of an even lower Australian dollar - and to this the RBA may yet still to interest rates further into record low territory . \"", "But the summer visitor in decline and , to a new study , its migratory habits may to . Scientists birds the UK and they two different routes on their journey to the winter in Africa . Surprisingly , survival lower on the shorter route via Spain , they in the journal , Nature Communications . And this that migration - as well as other factors such as loss of farmland and insect food - may to for the cuckoo 's decline . More than half of cuckoos in the UK over the past 20 years , to the British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) in Norfolk , which the research . \" That pattern of in the same place but two very different routes to there not before in any birds , to the best of our knowledge ,\" lead researcher Dr Chris Hewson . \" We to the full annual cycle of a migratory bird in order to its population decline . \" Facts about the common cuckoo Source : British Library / RSPB / BTO Since 2011 , the BTO cuckoos to their migration patterns when they the UK . with the University of Copenhagen , the charitable research institute satellite tags to 42 male common cuckoos from the UK population during more than 50 autumn migrations . The researchers that birds from populations more likely to to winter breeding grounds in central Africa along a western route ( through Spain ) than along an eastern route ( via Italy and the Balkans ) . The higher mortality before the harsh environment of the Sahara desert , despite the fact that the western route about a tenth shorter at this point . The scientists birds may challenging drought conditions in Spain . Alternatively , they may of insect food such as hairy caterpillars before the UK , them with lower fat stores for their hazardous journey . Migratory bird species increasingly around the world due to factors climate change , habitat change and habitat loss . Migratory birds ' lack world protection ' Understanding where mortality during their annual cycles therefore increasingly important , especially for long-distance migratory land birds , which some of the steepest population declines , the scientists . Helen on Twitter .", "Donaldson , 41 , to eight under par at Barseback Golf and Country Club to from Italy 's Renato Paratore . Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin , who for the lead on Thursday , a stroke further back in Malmo . \" I some great escapes and the chipping and putting better ,\" Donaldson . \" I just to the same things , n't too far ahead about tournaments as yet because it only two rounds in . \" Donaldson , who for a fourth European Tour title , five birdies and just his first bogey of the week to the lead . \" I some nice golf and just not able to it all together , the first couple of days here I able to that ,\" the world number 256 . Orrin , who a rookie season on the European Tour via the qualifying school , the overnight lead with Paratore , but the 23-year-old could only a level-par 73 to his opening 68 . He and 39-year-old Storm , who his second win of the season , in third by France 's Benjamin Hebert .", "There currently five drop-in clinics in England for victims of the practice , which an 200 million women and girls worldwide . But there no such medical provision in Wales . Now charity Bawso to a pilot clinic at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary to medical and psychological help to survivors . In 2014-15 Bawso 788 families by FGM in Wales which , to the World Health Organization \" the partial or total removal of the female external genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons \" . Bawso 's violence against women director Dr Mwenya Chima : \" In the UK there women 's clinics for women who FGM , for medical and psychological help . Survivors can just in and for help . \" But in Wales we n't any of that . We to a case to health agencies that we to this kind of clinic , even if it initially for one day a week for a year to if there a demand . \" Dr Chima there a big gap in the support , and that many survivors of FGM in Wales not about . She : \" I with a young women recently - a survivor of FGM - who medical help as she problems . Although she help she already in two minds about anything as she against her parents . \" We to her help from the clinic in Bristol , but there delays because she outside the area , so in the end it n't and she still with these problems now . \" The call as the world the international day of zero tolerance to FGM - a UN-sponsored event to awareness of the issue . Although it illegal to out FGM in the UK since 1985 , there no successful prosecutions to the practice , which out for cultural and religious reasons in certain communities .", "Lilliard Gin at the in the Borders visitor centre in Jedburgh . It ahead of a number proposals , which at various stages of the planning process , to the region 's first whisky distillery since 1837 . Lead distiller Kate Macinnes the potential to the Scottish Borders a \" region of excellence \" \" really exciting \" . \" Our gin production on a completely different scale to the other distilleries in development ,\" she . \" Our still one of the smallest production stills in the UK , and our entire operation into a cowshed , but if people like our gin , that all that . \" We a rich abundance of wild food on our doorstep in the Teviot valley , and Lilliard Gin to that and a true sense of the local flavour palette and our Borders ' terroir '.\" John Henderson , of Born in the Borders , the gin distillery a natural companion to the Scottish Borders Brewery on the site . \" To able to host to the first new distillery in the Borders in nearly 200 years incredible ,\" he . \" And the fact that Lilliard Gin to Borders botanicals they completely in tune with our own ethos of local sourcing . \" We just ca n't for them to , and to their gin . \" The gin its name from a legendary Borders figure . \" Lilliard the heroine of the Battle of Ancrum Moor in 1545 , just north of the distillery ,\" Ms Macinnes . \" Lilliard reputedly to the death of her lover at the hands of the English . The battle site also as Lilliard 's Edge . \" We a name that our landscape , and our strong female production team , and Lilliard like a natural choice . \"", "About half of the former John Player factory in Radford , in 1895 , now down in a series of demolitions . The decision on whether to it completely will by its owners and insurers . Senior firefighters the blaze at the Victorian landmark , which into student accommodation , the most complex they ever with . So how much damage the fire to the city 's architectural landscape ? Maria Erskine , curator of community history for Nottingham City Museums and Galleries the site as \" significant \" in terms of the social and economic history of the city . She the factory in the 1880s and the only one by John Player himself . \" Radford an undeveloped area before these factories , so it really the growth ,\" Ms Erskine . \" It just after Radford Boulevard down and it the building up of Radford , so that why it so significant . \" Players three factories in the area , though they originally only one . It by the lace-making industry before cigarette production there in 1903 . Players' Victorian factories high ceilings and large windows . Many of the company 's original buildings when the larger Horizon factory to the firm 's production needs in Lenton in the 1970s . \" Players because they could n't anymore in Radford as there so much housing and that why there a slow erosion of these buildings . \" The firm 's advertising later off through slogans such as \" Player 's Please \" , which in 1924 . Player 's sponsorship of major sporting events such as motor racing , tennis and rugby in the last half of the 20th Century also it a household name . The Lotus Formula One team by John Player from the late 1960s until the 1980s . In 2009 , the city council and the University of Nottingham an online archive of more than 20,000 objects from the firm 's history . The items adverts , packaging and enamel signs from the 1890s to the 1980s .", "Dale Merza , 20 , with misdemeanour hazing after the attack last October on Andrew Seely , 19 , at Central Michigan University . Mr Seely , who at the time of the incident , medical treatment for serous facial swelling . The could 93 days in jail and a $ 1,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 800 ) fine if . Mr Merza 's legal representative the Detroit Free Press his client , who on Friday in Isabella County District Court , innocent . \" This case way out of proportion by the individual 's family members , who not present and n't any of the facts ,\" lawyer Bruce Leach the newspaper . It an induction ritual out typically to new members of the US college men and women 's social clubs as fraternities and sororities , but also to military recruits . The practice can physical violence , sexual coercion , alcohol consumption , or degrading and dangerous \" pranks \" such as people to vile food mixtures or large amounts of water . It illegal in most US states , usually to a misdemeanour charge , unless there serious injuries . There a nationwide crackdown on hazing after high-profile deaths that of Florida A & M University student Robert Champion . Why hazing so common ? Mr Seely at an off-campus fraternity house , Alpha Chi Rho , which in 2011 for incidents . His mother , Teresa Seely , about the hazing in a viral Facebook post in March , : \" He could . \" The accounting student only his family what months afterwards . He the incident for his decision to the college . The teenager 's father , Paul Seely , CBS News his son could if the peanut butter his mouth . The Seely family their son known to other members of the fraternity that he a severe peanut allergy , for which he medication . The National Fraternity of Alphi Chi Rho the incident , it not such behaviour . \" Alpha Chi Rho appalled and by the actions by individuals against Andrew Seely ,\" its statement .", "A social media campaign Halti mountain summit to Finland for its 100th birthday next year . The border between the two countries up the mountain near its peak . But Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg that sadly she to down the idea because the country 's constitution any sacrifice of Norwegian territory . Part of Halti mountain already in Finland - and its current highest point - but the peak 20m ( 66ft ) across the border inside Norwegian territory . Campaigners the border to the summit , at 1,330m ( 4,363 ft ) , to Finland , the change would barely visible on the map . They that the peak \" would a wonderful gift to our sister nation \" to its independence from Russia , and not a big loss to mountainous Norway , which much higher peaks . The campaign 's Facebook page 17,000 likes , with support from both sides of the border . But it upon an insurmountable legal issue . \" Border adjustments between countries legal problems , among them to the Norwegian constitution ,\" Ms Solberg to Svein Leiros , the mayor of the town of Kaafjord in northern Norway , who the campaign . Norway 's 1814 constitution that the country \" indivisible \" - and apparently not even an area the size of a football pitch can off . \" We will instead another suitable gift to Finland on its anniversary ,\" the prime minister .", "Mr Tillerson , former head of Exxon Mobil with no previous political experience , in an interview he \" stunned \" with the invitation . \" I n't this job . I n't this job ,\" he the conservative website Independent Journal Review ( IJR ) during his recent visit to Asia . \" My wife me I to this . \" In the wide-ranging interview , Mr Tillerson he due to this month after more than 40 years at oil giant Exxon Mobil . He 65 on Thursday . \" I to to the ranch to with my grandkids ,\" he in the interview , as he to the US from Beijing . Mr Tillerson he never Donald Trump before his election in November . When he for a conversation with the then president-elect , he they would \" about the world \" his experiences at the oil company , he . \" When he me at the end of that conversation to secretary of state , I stunned . \" Mr Tillerson then the news to his wife , Renda St Clair , who : \" I you God not through with you . \" He : \" My wife me . She right . I to this . \" It Mr Tillerson 's first interview since he office and correspondents he so far a low profile at the state department . He under criticism after the state department press corps not along with him on his trip to Asia . The IJR 's Erin McPike the only reporter to with him . The state department this because of the size of the plane . But in the interview Mr Tillerson : \" I not a big media press access person . I personally n't it . \" I it important to the message of what we out , but I also there only a purpose in the message out when there something to . \" Mr Tillerson also for his close ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin . But when the subject up in the interview , the IJR : \" He so cagey when Russia up , for example , that his answer n't even worthy of inclusion . \"", "Suffolk side Needham Market FC to Folkestone when they a jam on the M20 in Kent on Saturday . As on the Ryman Football League website , they by a woman who late for her wedding . Club secretary Mark Easlea they to if she to the church on time and to her . More news from Suffolk Despite for the photo with the bride-to-be - who to in decent spirits even though her journey to her wedding - it none of the men her what her name , where she from or where she , Mr Easlea . \" Everyone out of the coach and at the side of the road in the heat , when she along and ' Lads , can I a photo with you on my wedding day ?' . \" She obviously as late as everyone else and we no idea how long she the groom at the altar , but we 'd dearly someone to the club and us who she , as we she us luck ,\" he . The Ryman Premier League side Folkestone Invicta 1-0 when they eventually off an hour later than . The M20 partially until Sunday after the bridge on Saturday lunchtime after by a lorry a digger . Two large cranes the debris from the road which the main route to the Channel Tunnel . A motorcyclist ribs when he himself from his bike to the bridge but nobody else .", "The 18-year-old from Birmingham after back in the UK on Saturday morning . It the arrest of a 24-year-old man and 20-year-old woman , both from Birmingham , on 4 April , who on bail , West Midlands police . It not in with five terror arrests on Friday to attacks in Europe , the force .", "It models of three soldiers - each one of the old regiments - will in bronze and at the Arboretum in Staffordshire . The Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association a \" substantial amount \" of the \u00c2 \u00a3 140,000 cost . A fundraising appeal now to the money . Mike Richardson , of the Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association , the sculptures would also a \" salute \" to the families of those people who in the three regiments , \" not only in the small operations during so-called peace time but in the two world wars \" . Paddy King-Fretts , who in the 2nd Battalion Dorset Regiment , three tours in Northern Ireland , the statues \" a lot \" . \" I to the National Memorial Arboretum three times and the names of my soldiers that on the walls there , but it nice to something to that and for the rest of the nation to and about ,\" he . The sculptures will in Andover , Hampshire , before to the Arboretum in Alrewas - the UK 's national site of remembrance .", "John Coyle to a Scotmid store in Glasgow 's Easterhouse , but empty-handed after the worker to her mother who also there . The High Court in Glasgow that Coyle 's \" very distinctive \" hair could on the footage . The 43-year-old , from Cranhill , will in the new year . It Coyle a number of lengthy jail terms for similar crimes . He only recently after for a robbery in 2009 before the latest attack in October .", "The coins , which as Scottish groats , by keen metal detector Tom Crawford last January . They about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge . Experts they part of a larger hoard of coins by Mr Crawford in the same field in 2001 . The collection probably over time through ploughing . This Mr Crawford 's fourth time at a treasure trove inquest . He his success about \" where to \" and \" a fair idea of where to \" . \" There more chance of something where you people would 1,000 years ago ,\" he . He long-buried artefacts a \" euphoric \" feeling . \" It not so much the money , it the fact that you the first person to something in 700 years ,\" he . \" I a 3,000-year-old bronze axe about 10 years ago and it the idea that something for so long and then you to it and it . \" Former curator at the Ulster Museum , Robert Heslip , the hoard of coins probably near a landmark - a small Rath ring fort . The person who them may before them . He finds like this one significant because they specific to a particular time and to this part of Northern Ireland . \" You virtually nothing like this in the south of Ireland and they out in the west ,\" he . \" There a cluster of these sorts of finds in eastern Ulster . \" The coins will now to the British Museum in London for valuation . It they probably worth between \u00c2 \u00a3 50 and \u00c2 \u00a3 100 each . They will for sale and any profit between the finder and the owner of the land where the treasure .", "Caitlin Ruddy with a group of teenagers on the north pier at Cullercoats Bay on Saturday evening . Northumbria Police she from the side of the bay by a member of the public . Caitlin in hospital after a cardiac arrest . Her mother , Sabrina Cook , she her \" everything \" . Mrs Cook young people \" not to water for , because it dangerous \" . \" I my daughter through it ,\" she . \" She stunning , she my everything really , she my friend . \" Caitlin 's friends and family their respects at Cullercoats Bay , messages in the sand and flowers . A RNLI lifeboat , a Coastguard search-and-rescue helicopter and police to the scene at about 20:00 GMT . Caitlin to Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital in Cramlington . Another 15-year old girl , and a boy and girl both 14 , also to hospital as a precaution but uninjured , police . Ch Insp Paul Knox a warning that \" people can unawares by the strength of the waves \" when it dark and cold . \" People should always careful around water and if the sea rough with waves on to the pier , we would people to particularly cautious and their distance ,\" he . A Cullercoats resident who the rescue operation the weather \" absolutely \" . Newcastle University lecturer Clare Guilding the beach a popular place for teenagers to . \" It minus 2C , but once you out on the front it just bitterly , bitterly cold ,\" she .", "The scooter Danny Glass on with Sophie Emma Rose Anderson with a truck in Phuket on 8 May . Mr Glass , 29 , originally from Margate , serious injury . Now he and the lorry driver Natt Awut Timsue to with death by reckless driving , Thai police . Mr Glass - who in Thailand with Ms Anderson - to the charges formally on Thursday and a translator in for the hearing . His family to . Ms Anderson , 41 , originally from Blackpool , a keen video blogger , as Mr Glass . She a YouTube channel Sophie 's Joy Breastfeeding Mama , on which she videos about her son until the age of eight . After her death Mr Glass tribute to her in a video he on YouTube . He he \" her so much \" and : \" Somebody me up from this nightmare ... she to my baby in three months . \" On Tuesday he another video ' When will I back to Youtube ' , in which he he would not any more videos for \" a while \" and not when he would online . He : \" It not the right time at the moment , I to my life in order and through this death . \" A Foreign Office spokesman : \" We in contact with the Thai police and consular support to a British man a road traffic accident in Bangkok . \"", "Leonie Granger from Gillingham , Kent , at the Old Bailey guilty of manslaughter . Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson , 28 , and his friend Nicholas Chandler , 29 , guilty of murder and for life with a minimum term of 36 years . Granger Mehmet Hassan , 56 , in a Mayfair casino in March last year . Judge William Kennedy the attack as \" pitiless and wicked \" , : \" It quite simply an act of brutality which reason and compassion . \" Granger 's lawyer Orlando Pownall she only part in the plot as she in love with Jackson and \" in with his desires \" and now \" deeply \" her actions . \" Her head by Jackson , who she , and to some extent by Chandler who persuasive and superficially charming ,\" he . But Judge Kennedy she \" deceitful from the outset \" and \" her sense and compassion \" when she . He that she clearly more for Jackson than he for her . Granger , who under the name of Rachel , and by the father of three who to friends he not her to with him , the court earlier . On the night he , Mr Hassan Granger to the upmarket Nobu restaurant before her \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 to with at the nearby Palm Beach Casino . The two passionately by a poker supervisor , before the casino together for Mr Hassan 's flat in Islington . Granger then Jackson and Chandler into the poker player 's flat before in a taxi . Both men up Mr Hassan with parcel tape and a neck tie before and him to death , the trial . Afterwards , while he dead in a pool of blood , all three on Granger 's mobile phone \u00c2 \u00a3 50 notes around a room and even them in their underpants . on the footage , Judge Kennedy the three defendants : \" The eloquence with which it about you . \"", "Shaw will on the 18 July flight to Los Angeles by fellow England World Cup squad member Wayne Rooney . Spain 's Juan Mata and David De Gea also , plus Japan 's Shinji Kagawa . \" We delighted to such a strong squad for our pre-season tour to the United States ,\" assistant manager Ryan Giggs . United already new manager Louis van Gaal will present , even though he could in the World Cup final with Netherlands , only five days before his squad Manchester . Van Gaal 's side a minimum of four games in the US , against Los Angeles Galaxy on 23 July and an International Champions Cup programme against Roma , Nemanja Vidic 's new club Inter Milan and Real Madrid .", "The systems , at Kentucky Methodist Hospital , Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , California , now normally again . None of the hospitals to the ransom . And the cases now by the FBI . The Kentucky Methodist Hospital to down all of its desktop computers and a back-up system . A message on its homepage : \" Methodist Hospital currently in an internal state of emergency due to a computer virus that our use of electronic web-based services . \" We currently to this issue , until then we will limited access to web-based services and electronic communications . \" It later no patient data or care . Fred Ortega , a spokesman for Prime Healthcare Services , which Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , : \" It significant disruptions of our IT systems . \" However , most of the systems and the critical infrastructure back online . \" The attack weeks after it Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Centre in Los Angeles by ransomware . In that case , it $ 17,000 to access to files back . Kentucky Methodist Hospital information systems director Jamie Reid the malware as Locky , a new bug that files , documents and images and them with the extension . locky . The most common way Locky itself on machines via a spam email with an document that like nonsense and readers to macros \" if the data encoding incorrect \" . Once the malware , it a message to desktops with instructions about how users can to files . In November , a report from Intel 's McAfee labs the number of ransomware attacks to in 2016 . Security expert Brian Krebs : \" It a fair bet that as ransomware attacks and attackers , these schemes will slowly more targeted . \" I also that these more deliberate attackers will a bit more time to how much the data they really worth , and precisely how much the victim might willing to to it back . \"", "Media playback not on this device Our mission to , and our online community in the pursuit of BodyPositive . And we 'll with you every step of the way as you and YOU . We proud of all the things that us unique and we that by our differences we can our own lives happier - and someone else along the way . We 'll you the very best in the world of health & fitness , wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty to you to this next year exactly the way you . And we you to your lives with us too by , , , and your way through the next six months . tuned and our body brigade ! On January 27 , we 'll up close and personal with R1 's Gemma Cairney with a BodyPositive takeover of The Surgery with Gemma and Dr Radha , so what it you to about ? Perhaps you something about yourself for years and now ready to the world . Maybe you a secret even your friends and family n't . The chances , you not alone . We all stories and now it time to them . We for real life tales of how you something that you , or maybe you alone or awkward . It could anything from a physical scar to a deep fear or a condition that perhaps you people just n't . We 'll your story up with expert advice and you to your experience with a community of people who just like you . And maybe you 'll the inspiration for someone else too . us a email with an idea of what you to about along with your contact details . We 'd to from you . If you 16 or 17 we may parental permission to contributions .", "The Romanian diners , who a deposit of \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 900 ($ 950 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 770 ) , the El Carmen restaurant in Bembibre as dessert due to , Antonio Rodriguez . \" It in the space of a minute ,\" he . \" It something they and they in a stampede . \" The diners \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2,000 more , he . Mr Rodriguez police the details on the reservation but he out little hope of . Police El Pais newspaper they not yet able to any of the diners . The diners starters , a main course and 30 bottles of various alcoholic drinks , he , that it the first time in 35 years of in the restaurant trade that he anything comparable .", "There 70 reports during the lambing season earlier this year with 45 over the same time last year . Police Scotland the crime , which dogs farm animals , previously . It 60 % of this year 's incidents and the dogs' owners to the procurator fiscal . Most of the offences in Aberdeenshire , Highlands and Islands and Lanarkshire . Sheep the most common animal . Other animals horses and cattle . In 79 % of incidents , livestock or , and on average this two or three sheep per incident . Most incidents - 70 % - only one dog and in 73 % of cases the dog local to that area , with more than half of all incidents a dog free and where no owner present . Insp Jane Donaldson , Police Scotland 's rural crime co-ordinator , the rise in reports a campaign farmers and crofters to police about livestock incidents . She : \" Livestock worrying previously . \" Farmers often reluctant to incidents to police , particularly where there a ' near miss' and no physical damage to their livestock . \" A significant part of the spring campaign to this message out to farmers and them to all incidents and I that this in the increase in crimes . \" More accurate reporting our understanding of the problem , intelligence about the how , where and why these incidents . \" Anne Gray , policy officer with Scottish Land and Estates , : \" We very pleased with how successful this year 's campaign and we will to the initiative forward . \" It vital that livestock incidents . \" No-one to this type of completely unnecessary suffering and the higher the profile of these incidents the more , we , it will the small minority of irresponsible dog owners to their ways and they where their dog at all times . \"", "Ocon , 20 , long-term to Mercedes , Force India 's engine provider , and for Manor in the second half of this season . He German Nico Hulkenberg , 29 , who to Renault , and will alongside Mexican Sergio Perez , 26 . \" half a season at Manor Racing me some valuable experience and I ready for this ,\" Ocon . \" It something I towards my whole life and I to this opportunity with both hands . \" I to you to everybody at Manor and especially to Mercedes-Benz for their support and belief in me . I ca n't for 2017 and my first full season in Formula One . \" Ocon Manor for the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August and increasingly as the season . Both he and Manor team-mate Pascal Wehrlein to Mercedes' junior driver programme . Ocon 's best results for Manor the 16th-placed finishes he at the Belgian Grand Prix and at last month 's Malaysian Grand Prix . to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "A Care Inspectorate report that some staff at Kingsmead in Kingswells not people with \" dignity and respect \" . Some residents weight , with concerns that their nutritional needs not . The report that in some incidences , people like \" objects \" . The report one lunchtime service \" chaotic \" and the dining experience for people \" very poor \" . It management and staff poor knowledge of clinical needs . The report for significant improvements , staff development . Mike Best , group director of Mead Medical Holdings , they on the number of agency staff , the number of permanent staff and at standards in the way they . The home can care for up to 55 older people , and up to 10 adults with learning disabilities .", "19 June 2017 Last at 08:45 BST But what if your pooch n't what you ? Well , how about , if your dog a different language altogether ? Ricky out about one dog who some language issues .", "Mark Mason , 48 , of Rhyl , Denbighshire , to death in the car park of the town 's Home Bargains on 27 October . James Davies , 20 , of murder , and Anthony Baines , 30 , and Mark Ennis , 30 of manslaughter at Mold Crown Court . Jake Melia , 21 , previously the charges and the four will in June . Davies , Baines and Ennis , all from Liverpool , Mr Mason . They also maliciously Justin Trickett and Sam Illidge - who in the same vehicle as Mr Mason - with intent to grievous bodily harm . Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge also in the attack , but their wounds less severe . Baines guilty of one count of wounding , but Davies and Ennis of those charges . Mrs Justice Nicola Davies all three in custody until sentencing , which she would place over three days . The trial the attack the result of a turf war which between two rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade in Rhyl . Paul Lewis QC , prosecuting , the trial Mr Mason , a father of two , \" repeatedly and fatally \" by the three defendants and Melia as he in the passenger seat of a van in the car park . He 22 times in less than a minute . The four killers members of the \" Pensarn Crew \" , sometimes \" Ste 's Crew \" , Mr Lewis . Mr Mason , Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge members of \" Mark 's Crew \" , or \" Marco 's Crew \" - although it not Mr Mason the leader . \" The fatal attack to an act of retribution on the part of the defendants and Melia ,\" Mr Lewis . Jurors CCTV footage of a white Renault van near The Cob area of Rhyl on the afternoon of 27 October which the white van by a black BMW 4X4 . Shouts of \" him \" and \" him \" could . The prosecution the killing retribution for an earlier incident when Melia and Davies to by armed men while drug dealing in the area .", "Akpan , 25 , in the 87th minute of Rovers' 2-1 Championship defeat by Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday , 14 February . The Nigeria international the charge , which by an independent regulatory commission . Rovers \u00a3 5,000 for their players' response to the incident . He already one game as part of the ban , with Friday 's game against Burton also , him with two further games to .", "The 21-year-old eligible to Macclesfield on Saturday . Former Port Vale player Jefford 27 appearances for Welling this season . \" Ben a good young player that we potentially a league player ,\" Rovers assistant boss Jamie Day BBC Wiltshire . \" He some good experience . \"", "The hosts both openers cheaply , as Nick Gubbins off the bowling of James Tomlinson , and Sam Robson Tino Best to Jimmy Adams . But Voges and Malan 's 279-run stand Middlesex firmly on top , before Malan Liam Dawson to for 147 . Voges unbeaten at the close on 128 alongside John Simpson ( 28 ) as Middlesex the day on 342-3 . Middlesex 's third-wicket partnership them in strong position to their first win in the County Championship this season , all six of their games so far . Voges' ton , his first of the season , off 200 balls , the former Australia batsman beyond 13,000 first-class runs in his career . Malan more aggressive in Hampshire 's bowling attack , 17 fours and two sixes before to a Dawson delivery . The visitors could few positives from their performance , but they will hopeful of a draw from the game , with poor weather forecast for Tuesday 's third day .", "Croydon NHS managers to NHS prescriptions for formula feed to budget deficits . Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) the plan could the NHS thousands of pounds per year . Mother Sarah Rose however it \" like milk from a baby \" as her seven-month-old son Sam on it . Richmond Clinical Commissioning Group about formula prescriptions too and the consultation until 3 February . It : \" It that GPs no longer soya-based infant formula milk , infant formulas or formulas for lactose intolerance on prescription as these now widely available to from community pharmacies and supermarkets at a similar cost to standard infant formula . \" People who might those with cow 's milk protein allergy and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease , it , but it this would a saving of \u00a3 386,000 per year . Standard formula milk about \u00a3 10 for a week 's supply and available in supermarkets and chemists . Miss Rose , a 33-year-old primary school support assistant and mother-of-two , Sam a prescription for the specialist formula that would otherwise \u00a3 40 online for one tin that would him for about two and half days . She : \" The tins about half the size of normal milk formula so it out at eight times the price . \" \" We n't a lot of money . This not me fussy , but it like milk from a baby \" , she . \" We to A & E twice before he [ Sam ] with this allergy at about four months . He in pain all the time . He his back and milk . Now he a normal baby . I n't ever to back to that again . \" An online petition on the CCG to its decision more than 6,000 signatures and charities , such as Allergy UK and Anaphylaxis Campaign , their disappointment and a rethink . Dr Tony Brzezicki , Clinical Chair of NHS Croydon CCG : \" We the public 's concerns and we will what we can to the impact on the most vulnerable in our communities and to sure funding there for those with the greatest clinical need . \" He the prescriptions would in the months and families would notice of the plans before the change effect . \" These very difficult decisions but we to our limited resources where we can the biggest impact on people 's health and well-being ,\" he .", "Vithiya Alphons , 24 , acute myeloid leukaemia but her Sri Lankan background the search hard as not many South Asian people on donor registers . She a social media campaign to a match . Charity Anthony Nolan 5,600 up in the last week . \" The impact of Vithiya 's appeal nothing short of incredible ,\" Ann O'Leary , head of register development , at the charity . \" But Vithiya still to her stem cell match and there people just like her all across the world who still . \" We to to the register so we can a match for all . \" Miss Alphons with the aggressive form of blood cancer after ill just days after for her final year as an optometry student at Cardiff University . She unwell with severe sickness and a fever , while she a pain in her leg , so she to her doctor for tests . She chemotherapy in Cardiff before well enough to to a hospital in London , where she from . After her third course of chemotherapy , Miss Alphons better and she her illness . But further tests the leukaemia still in her blood and doctors her the best option a stem cell transplant from a donor , which in the next two months . to BBC 's Asian Network Miss Alphons she grateful for all the support . \" I would just to you so much to everyone who so far and please , please on because you can my life and you can also so many other 's lives . \" Please the word and me to my life . \"", "Choity Khatun , who three , with caudal twinning , that part of a twin in her pelvis . Australian surgeons months out how to the extra limb and her pelvic area . The toddler to Australia from her village in Bangladesh by a charity , Children First Foundation . Dr Chris Kimber , head of surgery at Monash Children 's Hospital in Victoria , Choity 's case very rare and the surgery \" daunting \" . \" The operation sort of by the individual and you to a lot of time to what there and then a procedure that that into account ,\" he the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . The Australian team extensive discussions with doctors in Bangladesh , who already some surgery . The team to whether further surgery even possible or beneficial before she to Australia last year . Doctors in Bangladesh part of the leg \" but she still with a large mass there in her pelvis between her two normal legs \" , Dr Kimber . \" Because there part of a twin in there , she two rectums , two vaginas , potentially two anuses - double bits that into a very abnormal area . \" After a lengthy planning process , the team on the surgery in November . They the part of the leg that behind and out reconstruction work to the little girl continent - something that will her to much better back at home . Dr Kimber the toddler , who partially blind , now and around , and on weight . He she might further corrective surgery during her teenage years but would able to home to Bangladesh with her mother \" without medication or surgical aids \" . Her mother , Shima Khatun , Australian media on Thursday she forward to home to her family and her daughter . \" Everything good now\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she can like other babies\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she the same [ as them ],\" she .", "The man , to a Polish national , badly in the early hours of Wednesday at flats in Thurso Crescent . He later at Ninewells Hospital . A 24-year-old man on Thursday and now . He to at Dundee Sheriff Court on Monday . Police not the victim as they not able to formally him .", "The fire at about 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth , which about 30 retirement bungalows . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service several people and from the building . Police a body within the property . An investigation under way at the site . John Mills , head of Fife Council 's housing services , : \" We to an incident this morning at an address Walter Hay Court . \" Unfortunately the fire in the death of an occupant and our sympathies with their family and friends at this sad time . \" A Police Scotland spokeswoman : \" Police in Fife a fatal fire at an address in Walter Hay Court , Rosyth . \" The incident around 10am on Friday , December 16 , when a fire . Police and emergency services , however a body within the property . \" Police currently a joint examination of the circumstances with the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . A report will the procurator fiscal . \"", "The 34-year-old the New Lawn side in July 2016 and ever-present as they promotion to League Two last season . He 144 appearances in his first spell with the club before the 2015-16 season with Gateshead . Mark Cooper defenders Lee Collins and Callum Evans and midfielder Reece Brown as they for their first season in the Football League .", "The 58-year-old school principal from Dublin 144 out of a possible 278 votes and 98 ahead of his nearest rivals Sean Walsh and Frank Burke . Horan will over from current president Aogan O Fearghail in 2018 . \" Aogan the president for the next 12 months so I 'll him and from him as best I can ,\" Horan at Croke Park . The other candidates for the post Martin Skelly with 22 votes while 20 to Robert Frost . This weekend 's annual congress will by new championship proposals in football and hurling . The plans forward by GAA director general Paraic Duffy the All-Ireland Senior Championships by the end of August . Also a new round-robin format for the All-Ireland SFC quarter-finals , which would more games . This proposal particularly controversial in recent weeks . Both the Gaelic Players' Association and recently Club Players' Association out against Duffy 's plans , although not necessarily for the same reasons . Ostensibly , the main reason for these changes to and more regular games for club players but there a certain amount of bafflement as to how this can with the motion to a round-robin stage in the All-Ireland Football quarter-finals . The new club players' body after the GAA 's top brass to it a platform at the Croke Park gathering . However , that may at further annual gatherings of GAA delegates if a motion for the club players' body to officially in Dublin . All the indications that the votes on both the so-called new ' Super Eight football round ' and the proposal to forward the All-Ireland finals will exceptionally close , with a two-thirds' majority for the format changes to for a three-year period . To matters even complicated , congress will also a number of motions from the two-thirds majority to , with one call suggestion a simple majority and another for the figure to to 60 % . Inevitably , those motions will a two-thirds majority to . into the weekend , Croke Park 's desire for replays to - in favour of extra-time - in all championship games bar provincial and All-Ireland finals likely to comfortably . At last year 's congress , motions to All-Ireland Finals to earlier in the year and scrap replays both , although the finals proposal narrowly short after support from 60.8 % of delegates .", "The Ibrox club with another bid to the Jambos midfielder , offers earlier this summer . Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha Walker in friendly action against Newcastle on Friday night . \" A lot of people to a lot of things , and that it really , there n't a situation ,\" Cathro . \" Jamie happy , he focused , he well , well . Like everyone really . \" Walker , 24 , down the chance to a new Hearts contract , with his current deal next summer . And while Cathro to on reports the club their offer to the player , the head coach relaxed about the winger 's situation . \" I to Jamie almost every day , even on days off , because he a player I fond of ,\" Cathro ahead of his side 's trip to Elgin City in the League Cup on Tuesday . \" He a big talent , he someone who at a point will on to a bigger league , a bigger club and opportunities to towards the top levels of the game . Of that there no doubt . \" And I very happy to a part in how he towards that . \" But , for now , people just their time . \" Walker his Hearts debut in the 2011-12 campaign and a total of 41 goals in 135 games for the Jambos .", "The Dutchman , 25 , 6-5 before to victory and the \u00a3 60,000 first prize with five consecutive legs . \" This a really big tournament to and a difficult tournament too , so I 'll this ,\" the world number one . Wright Phil Taylor at the quarter-final stage and Stephen Bunting in the last four . But the colourful 44-year-old from Mendham in Suffolk unable to his first major Professional Darts Corporation title , to van Gerwen , who also him in the 2014 World Championship final . \" It a long weekend and I I out of energy in the final , and Michael too good ,\" Scotland-born Wright . \" I really pleased to to the final though and I closer to a big TV title . \"", "The 35-year-old by Brighton & Hove Albion after they short in their bid for promotion . \" Maybe if I down a division , I 'll not , but it ifs , buts and maybes ,\" the defender of his international future . \" It up to me to fit and and where it me . \" Greer , who his 11th cap after in Saturday 's 3-0 defeat by France in Metz , no idea where he will when Scotland their World Cup qualifying campaign against Malta in September . \" Hopefully I 'll something and I 'll fit and ready for the qualifiers ,\" the centre-half who not his first cap until he 32 . \" I open to anything . I would anything with a good opportunity where teams for something . \" Greer six years at Brighton after Swindon Town but himself out of Chris Hughton 's XI after January . Injuries to a recall for their final game of the season against Middlesbrough , when a 1-1 draw Brighton automatic promotion , and he his place for the play-off semi-final defeat by Sheffield Wednesday . The lengthy inactivity he thankful for more game time against France despite on the end of a heavy defeat . \" It very tough ,\" the former Clyde , Blackburn Rovers , Kilmarnock and Doncaster Rovers centre-half . \" They a very good team , a lot of good players and we it difficult at times . \" But it good to out there and 90 minutes against some of the top players in the world , so it interesting . \" Scotland 1-0 to Italy six days earlier and to a shot on target in either of the two friendlies against sides for the Euro 2016 finals in France . Greer not one of those the decision to two very strong teams at the end of a long domestic season . \" Ultimately , as a footballer , you to out there against some of the best players in a great atmosphere because that what you for all season ,\" he . \" We some talented players through and I it really worthwhile for them as well . \" France obviously at a different stage of their preparation into the Euros and everybody for places . \" We out there and it everything , but we just short against a fantastic team . \"", "Eric Lubbock , he Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962 when he a by-election with a huge 22 % swing from the Conservatives . He the seat for eight years , to the Lords in 1971 when he the title of Baron Avebury . Lib Dem leader Tim Farron tribute to a \" true Liberal \" , \" great campaigner \" and \" committed internationalist \" . Lord Avebury : Obituary Mr Farron the peer , who from leukaemia , would \" as much for his unyielding commitment to for Liberal causes as his sensational by-election victory \" . \" He to the voting age , the parliamentary human rights group and for the rights of refugees and asylum seekers , up the cases of hundreds of individuals persecution . \" He a committed internationalist , regularly human rights around the world . The Liberal Democrats a great campaigner , a great friend and a true champion of the Liberal cause . \" A Buddhist , Lord Avebury the patron of Angulimala , which the teaching and practice of Buddhism in British prisons . He also on behalf of secular causes , to mandatory daily worship in schools . In 2009 , the National Secular Society the peer secularist of the year , jointly with Evan Harris , for his work on abolition of blasphemy laws in England and Wales . His biography on the Lib Dem website he also \" and \" a battle with the senior parliamentary official as Black Rod to the right to bicycles against the front of the Houses of Parliament . Keith Porteous Wood , executive director of the National Secular Society , Lord Avebury countless human rights campaigns . \" His knowledge of foreign affairs , particularly of remote parts of the world , second to none . The weak and oppressed in these places a true champion . \" I a very close friend . The nation a human rights champion . \"", "Two men in Ivory Blacks in Oswald Street , Glasgow , at about 23:00 on Friday 14 October . Last month , officers images of two men they to to in connection with their investigation . Both men as white and aged 25 to 35 . The first 5ft 8in tall with tattoo sleeves , and the other 6ft 2in with shaved , reddish hair . Police Scotland the women may able to them with their inquiries . Anyone with any information about the incident or who those in the images to the police .", "The Save Oxfordshire Children 's Centres Campaign \" baby blockade \" against Oxfordshire County Council plans to the number of centres to \u00c2 \u00a3 8m . Organiser Jill Huish more than 500 people \" definitely and \" when they part in the march through Oxford on Saturday . David Cameron to the protest after he \" disappointed \" by the cuts . The council it will to the most vulnerable families in Oxfordshire . Under the proposals , the authority would 44 centres with eight \" children and family centres \" in the neediest areas of Oxfordshire . The PM to council leader Ian Hudspeth last month it \" counter-productive \" and the authority to \" cautiously in out its budget plans \" . In his response , Mr Hudspeth the council 's grants from government and that it already back-office savings . Ahead of the protest , Jill Huish , on behalf of the campaign group , an open letter to Mr Cameron : \" We your efforts to these services , however perhaps like us you rapidly confidence in government . \" \" Please us in the streets ,\" her letter . \" Cameron ca n't not guilty . 's clear , he not just a local constituency MP , he the prime minister . \" It just not good enough ... . we cannot mum and the 44 children 's centres in Oxfordshire down ,\" she . When to on the open letter , a government spokesperson : \" There still significant scope for sensible savings across local government to by back-office consolidation , of surplus property and up our local public services . \" The government to with councils to these savings and frontline services . \"", "A 59-year-old teacher from London \u00a3 185,000 after she a disc in her back after she to the ground by two unruly pupils . A member of teaching staff in north Wales \u00a3 100,000 compensation when the chair he on . The NASUWTteaching union it \u00a3 16,077,328 for members last year . A Department for Education spokesperson : \" School employers responsible for the health and safety of staff and pupils whether the local authority , body or academy trust , and they must to the Health and Safety Act 1974 . \" Teachers also smaller payouts over accidents in the workplace , a \u00a3 55,000 package for a female member of staff in north-west England who on a tear in the lino surface of her science classroom . She later with chronic back syndrome . NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates many of the injuries would if employers \" the welfare of staff seriously \" and good health and safety practices . She : \" The consequence of negligence careers , lives and health and millions of pounds of public money in compensation . \" Unfortunately , there no incentive for employers to health and welfare seriously when they the government funding for inspection and to steps to compliance with the law . \" Failure to the rights of employees and to with employment law also prevalent . \" Employers the law , but it the teachers and the taxpayers who the price . \" While compensation important , it can never up for the fact that teachers permanent physical and mental injury and often cannot in their chosen career . \" Separate data from the NUT , which its overall compensation figures private , there two cases of personal injury compensation to its members last year . One a \u00a3 46,000 payout to a teacher who \" severe psychological injury \" \" a sustained campaign of bullying and harassment by senior leadership \" . Another NUT member just under \u00a3 4,500 after she a finger on a defective doorknob , her long-term aches and a deformity . The union it legal help in 130 cases last year , 71 criminal activity and 57 in employment cases .", "Borthwick , 36 , his role at the Championship side after only 43 days . The former England captain at Bristol several weeks into the season Eddie Jones Japan . \" It us quite hard because this about and for Steve to ,\" Robinson . Borthwick forwards coach with Jones' new-look England in acrimonious circumstances last week , with Bristol owner Steve Lansdown the Rugby Football Union as \" unprofessional \" in their handling of the appointment . Robinson forwards coach during England 's World Cup-winning era under Sir Clive Woodward before over as England head coach himself from 2004-06 . And , while he by the manner of Borthwick 's exit , he certain England an astute appointment . \" I delighted to Steve and I certainly he would here for longer than 43 days ,\" Robinson BBC Radio Bristol . \" He a quality coach and he will a quality coach for England and I him all the best . I the England team will with him . \" I disappointed in the circumstance of how it and why it but legally I ca n't too much and we to forward . \" Robinson , who also Scotland , he will not into a replacement and his forwards to the responsibility of Borthwick 's departure . \" It down to the players to up collectively over the next four months for us to what we to ,\" he . \" We to on the next couple of weeks , with tough games up against London Welsh and Nottingham . There a lot to over the next few weeks . \"", "Exports 2.1 % with October , German 's Federal Statistical Office , while imports 1.5 % . Meanwhile , factory production by 0.1 % from October as energy production and construction activity . The latest news weak industrial order figures this week . \" Things certainly not rosy ,\" Bankhaus Lampe economist Alexander Krueger . \" The geopolitical situation , especially the Russia conflict and the related economic uncertainty , growth ,\" On a seasonally basis , the country 's trade surplus to \u20ac 17.7bn (\u00a3 13.9bn ) in November . Germany goods worth around \u20ac 95.8bn and goods at \u20ac 78.0bn in the month . In December , Germany 's economic affairs ministry the country 's recovery \" at a slow pace . \" This a disappointing batch of German data . It cold water on hopes that the Eurozone 's traditional economic powerhouse will its neighbours out of the gloom in the near future . The figures n't necessarily to a contraction in the German economy . But they consistent with no significant acceleration from the feeble 0.1 % growth that Germany in the third quarter of last year , a contraction of the same magnitude in the previous three months . There also declines in French and Spanish industrial production , another layer of gloom to the picture . These figures a little extra support to the view that the European Central Bank will soon on a major programme of quantitative easing - financial assets notably government debt with newly money .", "Richard Tyler , 44 , the Hawker Hunter jet up in a loop and down again as it onto the A27 on 22 August . \" This an award for the team because they a marvellous job on the day . They all volunteers ,\" Mr Tyler . Eleven men , in age from 23 to 76 , . \" We for these sorts of things , we it never , unfortunately it , but the plans really well ,\" the event first aid services manager for Kent and Sussex . The Red Cross team alongside the first ambulance crew on the scene , first aid to the walking . Mr Tyler , from Hawley , near Dartford in Kent , : \" Unfortunately we could n't all the people that there , but the 15 , [ or ] 20 people that into us we with . \" We then them onto the ambulance service for transport onto hospital . \" The jet in front of a 20,000-strong crowd , and Mr Tyler they then on to those in need who it . the tragedy , he : \" I ' he very low ' , and then a cloud of smoke and flame up . \" Strangely , though , I n't any loud noise or explosion . I to control and ' you to out a Code Red now ' . \" At that point our major incident plans in . A Code Red there a significant incident the event . \" Mr Tyler he very proud to in the New Year 's Honours . \" In my 34 years [ in the Red Cross ] I never anything like this . \" you I never to into that on that day . It very much for the whole team . \"", "They this will to double the number of apprentices each year - currently about 28,000 . All parties to more apprentices or equivalent schemes to unemployment down . Labour its pledge to 100,000 additional apprentices . The Lib Dems they would their promise by cash from Jobs Growth Wales , the Labour Welsh Government 's job-creation scheme . Eluned Parrott , the Liberal Democrats' candidate for Cardiff Central , : \" high-quality skills training vital to our economy and people to careers and on in life . \" Labour 's own evaluation report that Jobs Growth Wales people into low wages and that 73 % would work without it . \" We all this scheme a failure , but Labour to the facts . \" The Welsh Liberal Democrats would instead in apprenticeships and training , which will actually young people professional skills and them on in life . \" On Labour 's policy , Deputy Skills Minister Julie James Wales already \" one of the best records in Europe \" on apprenticeships . \" This pledge the next step to that we the skills base that projects like Wylfa Newydd and the South Wales Metro , will ,\" she . \" That why so many voices within industry so enthusiastic about this pledge . \" Plaid Cymru to 50,000 new apprentices , while the Welsh Conservatives they will the current 16-24 age restrictions on the Jobs Growth Wales scheme . It firms 16-24-year-olds for six months by the cost of the minimum wage . The Tories to it with a scheme Journeys to Work , open to all ages , with jobs for a year . UKIP they industry-supported apprenticeships , along with more vocational options in post-14 education .", "The telecoms giant in an statement it important to access to the EU 's free \" movement of people , capital and goods \" . It too early to \" any firm conclusions the long-term location for the headquarters \" . But Vodafone that it would \" whatever decisions appropriate \" . Last week , chief executive Vittorio Colao the BBC - ahead of the referendum vote - that Britain exclusion from plans for a giant new single market in digital services if it the EU . Vodafone in the email to several media organisations that EU membership , the free movement of people , its growth . The firm 13,000 people in the UK . It an operating division at Newbury , Berkshire , but the group headquarters in London . Vodafone that 55 % of group profits in the last financial year from its European operations , with the UK just 11 % . The company also to its financial results in euros , rather than pounds . Vodafone the single legal framework all member states , as well as freedom of movement , capital and goods , \" integral to the operation of any pan-European business \" . The company : \" It unclear at this point how many of those positive attributes will in place once the process of the UK 's exit from the European Union ,\" it . Vodafone it would its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels \" to the group 's substantial businesses within the European Union to appropriately \" . Vodafone the seventh largest company on the FTSE 100 , with operations in 26 countries . It 108,000 staff outside the UK . Other businesses alarm at the vote to the EU and the consequences of not part of the European single market . Business Secretary Sajid Javid a meeting of business representatives on Tuesday to the issues . Mr Javid : \" The biggest issue the need to continued access to the single market . While I not in any position to promises , I everyone that my number one priority will just that in the negotiations to ,\" he a news conference after the meeting . After the meeting , the head of the CBI employers organisation the government \" a long way off \" a plan . \" There very high levels of real and genuine concern in the business community ,\" CBI Director-General Carolyn Fairbairn reporters .", "Robert McNab to almost three years in jail for indecent images of children , them and offensive messages . The 30-year-old out the offences between 2007 and 2016 at his flat in Greenock . He also a two-year licence , which he will after from prison . Greenock Sheriff Court how McNab , who previous convictions for indecent images of children and sexually a young girl , to people on Facebook and WhatsApp a fake name . He about sexually children and a baby . The sex offender , who also as Robert Aitman , to a stash of indecent pictures and videos - footage of babies and children up to the age of 14 sexually . Defence solicitor Gerry Keenan McNab the victim of sexual abuse when he a child . \" Clearly there issues which would to in the public interest to and the risk of further offending ,\" he . He for McNab to jail and he would with a treatment programme for sex offenders . However , Sheriff Derek Hamilton that a custodial sentence for such a \" disturbing \" case and him for 35 months He also on the Sex Offenders Register for life .", "A man a complaint with the Police Ombudsman 's Office for NI after the incident last year . He he wrongfully and that his home unlawfully . The man his wife \" hysterical \" at police in the garden . He inside his house and in connection with a firearms offence which the previous day , before into custody at a police station . The man later when police he not the person they for . When a Police Ombudsman investigator police files , he that the issue with an incorrectly date of birth in a handover information pack to the officer who the search . The officer who the pack the name and address of another man of the same name , but mistakenly the complainant 's date of birth . The officer who the search she the details in the handover pack , but no-one of that name at the address . She then for a more up-to-date address the complainant 's name and date of birth , which in his arrest and home . The officer who the wrong date of birth his mistake and \" to the complainant and his family for the upset and annoyance which \" . It police \" later down the right man , who subsequently \" . The Police Ombudsman investigator \" the mistake unfortunate consequences for the man and his family \" . They they \" that the officer should a disciplinary sanction , and that since by the police \" .", "The French duo , seventh , Russian fifth seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 6-3 2-6 6-4 . Garcia and Mladenovic their first Grand Slam title only up this year with a target of at the Olympics . They now titles in Charleston , Stuttgart , Madrid and Paris . to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "Media playback not on this device Wales 13-12 at the break but Fourie du Preez 's try with five minutes remaining it for the Springboks . Backs Tyler Morgan and Dan Biggar plus hooker Scott Baldwin Wales' list of players during the game . \" We n't to any excuses . South Africa ... and we n't good enough to ,\" Gatland . \" At the end of the day South Africa what South Africa . They one chance and they it and that the result . \" Wales a trio of front-line stars in centre Jonathan Davies , full-back Leigh Halfpenny and scrum-half Rhys Webb to long-term injuries before the tournament . Two more centres - Cory Allen and Scott Williams - then out of action in the opening two pool games against Uruguay and England , with wing Hallam Amos them . Wales then the versatile Liam Williams - a full-back or wing - during their final pool match against Australia . Media playback not on this device Fly-half Biggar off the field after a knock to the head just before the scrum which to South Africa 's try . The player with WRU medical manager Prav Mathema and team doctor Geoff Davies , but Gatland the decision . \" That a medical call ,\" he . \" They him off the field for a head injury assessment ; it like he 'd a bit of a knock , he unsteady on his feet . \" He obviously that he OK , but we our medical team 100 % so there no issues on that from the coaching set-up . \" ' We it to down to fine margins ,\" a \" proud \" skipper Sam Warburton , who what he a premature end to the campaign . \" It a quiet room - it hard to the words , it all so raw ,\" he . \" It premature with two weeks of the competition . We together since June and all those camps \u2026 it over , and . \" Warburton the players who in to the casualties , : \" The guys who in a fantastic job . This could the last World Cup for many of us , but we out with no regrets . \" Warburton off in Wales' 9-8 World Cup semi-final defeat by France in 2011 , and after this latest disappointment : \" Hopefully I will around when one of these tight ones our way . \"", "The airport in competition with Heathrow to approval for an additional runway . One of the guarantees compensation for people close to the airport . Gatwick 's chairman Sir Roy McNulty : \" These guarantees would Gatwick on the main risks of the new runway . \" The Airports Commission currently three options for airport provision in south-east England and due to its findings in the summer . These options a third runway at Heathrow , an runway at Heathrow or a second runway at Gatwick . Gatwick \" \" the project would privately with no need for public subsidy , that airport charges would and it would the main risks of the expansion plan . It also to residents by \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 towards council tax bills if they by significant level of aircraft noise , and it would that air quality targets always always .", "Pedro , 25 , with the Cumbrians and in reserve games against Barrow and Burnley . The Angola-born wide-man much of his career in the Dutch league with teams such as Feyenoord and Heracles , plus stints in Bulgaria and Romania . \" We enough to that he something different to the group ,\" head of recruitment Lee Dykes . He the club website : \" This a chance for him to everyone what he can . \" all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The 37-year-old two seasons at Gresty Road between 2006 and 2008 . The former Shrewsbury , Sheffield Wednesday and Tranmere Rovers forward , 11 goals for Bury last season as they promotion from League Two . Lowe , who not for the Shakers since 29 August , straight into the Alex squad for Tuesday 's trip to Colchester . Crewe bottom of the table their 5-1 thrashing at home by Peterborough", "Eleanor Hawkins , 23 , from Derbyshire , among a group of 10 people who before photographs at the peak of Mount Kinabalu on 30 May . She public indecency along with three other western tourists , one Dutch and two Canadians , and for three days . All four now the island . Noor Alam Khan Abdul Wahid Khan , the immigration department director of the Malaysian state Sabah , the BBC Hawkins Kota Kinabalu for Kuala Lumpur at 17:35 local time ( 10:35 BST ) on Malaysia Airlines . The other three , Dutch national Dylan Snel , 23 , and Canadian siblings Lindsey , 23 , and Danielle Peterson , 22 , earlier on Saturday for Kuala Lumpur . Hawkins , whose sentence to time already , also 5,000 Malaysian ringgit ( \u00c2 \u00a3 860 /$ 1,330 ) on Friday . She and her co-accused all a charge of \" an obscene act in public \" . Hawkins , who from the Derbyshire village of Draycott , she \" stupid and disrespectful \" . Prosecutors the four tourists , along with six others , the peak to the sunrise on 30 May and then each other to off their clothes and for photographs . The move widespread offence in the region and as the cause of a magnitude 5.9 earthquake near the mountain , which sacred . The earthquake , on 5 June , 18 people , children , and hundreds more . Sabah state deputy chief minister Joseph Pairin Kitingan it on the travellers \" disrespect to the sacred mountain \" .", "Thieves a 5m ( 16ft 4in ) flagpole - complete with Union Jack - at some point over the weekend . Earlier this month , items for an open day , two generators , food and drink . Last year , a memorial to the thousands of crewmen who in Bomber Command during World War Two by trespassers . Director of the centre Nicky Barr it \" extremely frustrating \" . She : \" I great faith in the human race , but it somewhat - I n't why someone would to a memorial . \" More on this and other stories from across Lincolnshire The Lincoln attraction to the air crews' efforts with exhibitions , information and accounts from service personnel and survivors . The centre - to in September - still \u00c2 \u00a3 2m in donations and events to the cash . 125,000 Aircrew in Bomber Command in World War Two 364,514 operational sorties 55,573 aircrew in action 25,611 from Lincolnshire 70 % of aircrew , prisoner or Mrs Barr fundraising efforts by the break-ins . She : \" Whether it as high jinks , or whether there a market for second-hand flag poles , I just n't . \" The reality the sacrifices by these guys [ Bomber Command crews ] for the freedom whoever this today . \" Officials a petition in a bid to further funding from the government to the project .", "The news after the Cobblers' new owner Kelvin Thomas HM Revenue & Customs unpaid tax it due when he the club last week . \" This a very positive step as we forward ,\" Thomas . \" We can now on our review of the club and the future plans . \" On Friday , the Cobblers' administration petition by Northampton Borough Council to 11 December for a deal to between Thomas and the council . Thomas the club from David Cardoza on Thursday and executive chairman of the Cobblers . Thomas and the council a memorandum of understanding in place over a \u00a3 10.25m loan to the club for redevelopment work at Sixfields Stadium , which would would the debt out , with the council land near Sixfields for development in return . Despite the uncertainty off the pitch , the Cobblers currently in the League Two automatic promotion places .", "On Wednesday , shares of Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film after 47 % , out $ 18.6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 11.9bn ) from its market capitalisation . That by shares of Goldin Financial , which 55 % on Thursday . Both firms the price of their shares over the past year . Shares of Goldin Financial , which 70 %- by Hong Kong billionaire Pan Sutong , by more than 400 % between September 2014 and March this year , to Reuters . The firm that it not aware of the reason behind the big jump in its share price . About half of Goldin 's value - $ 16.12bn - on Thursday as shares . Meanwhile , Hanergy shares five-fold since September before the sell-off . The firm , by Chinese billionaire Li Hejun , a statement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Wednesday its shares from trade \" the release of an announcement inside information \" . Li one of China 's richest men on the back of his stake in Hanergy . Nicholas Teo , market analyst at trading firm CMC markets he the dramatic drop in Hanergy 's shares right away because it everyone \" their heads \" . \" The company very quick to a halt to the trading , but without any news , there plenty of speculation and potentially room for further reaction to the downside if the trading suspension ,\" he . \" Even after the drop though , Hanergy 's shares basically twice as expensive as some of the firms in that sector . \" David Kuo , chief executive of The Motley Fool Singapore the view that Hanergy shares overvalued . \" Hanergy in the much-hyped solar-panel industry . Investors $ 50 for every dollar of profit the company ,\" he . \" When expectation reality , reality eventually . The market a dose of reality . \" There speculation as to the reason why the Chinese company trading , with Reuters an unnamed source as the firm under investigation by Hong Kong regulators . Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) to a comment . Local reports also that Li , chairman of the firm , not the firm 's annual general meeting in Hong Kong on Wednesday .", "The images to the pair on foot during a safari in June at the Gir National Park in western Gujarat state . Officials at the park they a preliminary fine because \" the cricketer the rules \" . Visitors to the park not to their vehicles . Jadeja 's photos days after Gujarat forestry officials of the dangers in selfies with lions , a number of attacks . Wildlife officers they will a final inquiry report to their superiors soon . A.P Singh , chief forest conservator in Gujarat state , AFP they \" a probe and Jadeja for a statement ... but since he not available , his father-in-law Hardevsinh Solanki a statement on his behalf \" and the fine for him . Jadeja , 27 , part of India 's team for the recent World T20 tournament . A photo on Jadeja 's Instagram account the cricketer to a pride of lions behind him , with the caption , \" Family photo , good time in Sasan ( Gir ) # rajputboy # wearelions \" . A second photo to the cricketer 's account him and his wife , Reeva , with a lion on in the background . The national park at Gir the only place where Asiatic lions in the wild . The animals , which slightly smaller than African lions , as endangered in 2008 .", "Richard Walsh , 43 , of the two schoolboys , aged 12 and 13 , in Havant , last month . He in custody at Belmarsh Prison in south-east London . Prison staff Mr Walsh unresponsive in his cell on Sunday morning and , despite efforts to him , he dead . A Prison Service spokeswoman : \" HMP Belmarsh prisoner Richard Walsh unresponsive in his cell on Sunday 19 July . Staff CPR but paramedics him dead at 11.07am . \" As with all deaths in custody there will an investigation by the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman . \" Mr Walsh , who also with assault and robbery in to the taking of a bicycle , due to at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday .", "The advocacy group Glaad shows or to between June 2016 and May 2017 and 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters . The number of transgender characters from seven to 16 this year . But Glaad the fact that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters or off . They the characters Poussey Washington and Bea Smith , who violent ends in Orange the New Black and Wentworth respectively . The report also a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television , thanks mostly to shows like Empire , Luke Cage and How to Away with Murder . Glaad 's Where We on TV study its findings on broadcast , cable and streaming series already or for which casting . Glaad 's president Sarah Kate Ellis it \" heartening to progress \" but numbers \" only part of the story \" . us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The election after mayor Lutfur Rahman of electoral fraud and from office in April . He from again . The Met Police it 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in relation to this election , votes and the improper distribution of election literature . The full list of Tower Hamlets mayoral candidates :", "Chase for Tigers until the end of the season on Saturday , Championship side Leigh in May . The 30-year-old for Tigers between 2009 and 2013 , before to Salford Red Devils . \" I not match fit because I some time off , but mentally I in the best shape I ever ,\" he . \" Physically I a bit of work to but you can through anything if you mentally right . There some hard work to , I aware of that , but I forward to it . \" Chase also the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) for the support they players who with mental health-related issues . \" It massive and it a credit to the RFL that they on it because a lot of the boys with it ,\" Chase . \" People should aware of it because a lot of us boys to through a lot of things and we on this bravado that we OK . It not something that people openly about because you weak and vulnerable . \" But really we home and we alone . It good to the message out there that it in our game , a lot of people from depression . \" When you in that dark place , you weak and vulnerable , you just a lot of down days and it not nice . But when you through it , it an unbelievable feeling . You strong . \"", "GB 's 2008 men 's 4x400m relay team up from fourth to third after Russia 's Denis Alekseyev a drugs test when his sample . It the medal ceremony could place at the World Championships in London in August . But next month 's Anniversary Games also place at London 's Olympic Stadium . A decision yet to on when Rooney and team-mates Andrew Steele , Robert Tobin and Michael Bingham will their medals . Rooney , 30 , BBC Radio 5 live : \" I n't to . I to to the World Championships and on that , so if we could it at the Diamond League , I 'd that . \" There no way of back to Beijing and it that way , but if we can to an Olympic stadium and in front of a British crowd , that would amazing . \" But whatever , whenever it , I just ca n't to on that podium . \" The International Olympic Committee medals from Beijing after Alekseyev and compatriots Anastasiya Kapachinskaya and Inga Abitova positive for substance Turinabol . Britain 's women 's 4x400m relay team also into the bronze medal position . Christine Ohuruogu , Kelly Sotherton , Marilyn Okoro and Nicola Sanders the race fifth but up to third as a result of both third-placed Russia and fourth-placed Belarus due to subsequent tests . The men 's Beijing medals in the possession of the British Olympic Association and British Athletics but an announcement still to on where they will . They could at next month 's Diamond League Anniversary Games , or at the World Championships in London in August . But , as the World Championships an IAAF event , the IOC would to permission for any presentation to place as Olympic medals under their jurisdiction . British Athletics not possession of medals for the women 's 4x400m team yet as legal proceedings ongoing athletes in their race . Britons Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill , Jo Pavey , Sotherton and Goldie Sayers among those to Olympic and World Championship medals they by drugs cheats . Sayers the Guardian she would \" gutted \" if she not her medal at the World Championships this summer .", "People with a DNA variation in a gene PDSS2 to fewer cups of coffee , a study out at the University of Edinburgh . It the gene cell ability to down caffeine . This it to in the body for longer and those with the gene the same caffeine through less coffee . One scientist on the project it the \" drive to coffee may in our genes \" . The researchers the DNA of 370 people in a small village in southern Italy and 843 people from six villages in north-east Italy . The subjects to a survey a question about how many cups of coffee they each day . The team people with the PDSS2 DNA variation to fewer cups of coffee than people without the variation - equivalent to one fewer cup daily on average . Researchers the study in a group of 1,731 people from the Netherlands . The result similar but the effect of the gene on the number of cups of coffee slightly lower . The scientists the change could down to the different styles of coffee drunk in the two countries . In Italy , people to smaller cups such as espresso whereas in the Netherlands the preference towards larger cups which more caffeine overall . Dr Nicola Pirastu , a Chancellor 's Fellow at the University of Edinburgh , : \" The results of our study to research that our drive to coffee may in our genes . \" We to larger studies to the discovery and also to the biological link between PDSS2 and coffee consumption . \" The study in the journal Scientific Reports and at the universities of Edinburgh and Trieste , the Burlo Garofolo Pediatric Institute in Italy , the Erasmus Medical Centre and PolyOmica , a data analysis company in Groningen , the Netherlands .", "Its parliament the sending of a formal invitation , which he to before to the throne . The deeply King Bhumibol Adulyadej on 13 October , Thailand into mourning . The prince widely to his father , but officials earlier he to it by at least a year . The official reason that he to the Thai people time to his father before he king . Correspondents Thailand in an odd constitutional limbo as the prince , the undisputed heir , should his father immediately . In the past doubts by senior officials over how the crown prince can the role by his father for 70 years . The monarchy a pivotal place in Thailand 's political order . King Bhumibol Adulyadej as a figure amid periods of political unrest , during the most recent military coup in 2014 . The leader of Thailand 's parliament , the National Legislative Assembly , to the crown prince in the next few days to formally him . Once the crown prince , his succession would then to the public . But it still not clear when that will . Former Prime Minister Prem Tinsulanonda currently in as regent . Thailand rarely what might routine royal successions . The last 70 years ago , when the young King Ananda dead in his bedroom in still unexplained circumstances . When he , an emergency session of parliament that night his grief-stricken brother Bhumibol king . Despite private speculation over the prospects of his popular sister Princess Sirindhorn , Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn the undisputed heir to the throne since his formal investiture in 1972 . Thai succession law the principle of primogeniture , where the throne should to the eldest son of the king , but it also the king the discretion to his own choice . King Bhumibol never in his endorsement of the crown prince . But the crown prince 's unexpected decision to the throne this yet another succession which from the script . His real reasons not ; public mourning for his father would not he immediately after his father 's death .", "The East Antrim MP his name forward after Nigel Dodds himself out . Finance Minister Arlene Foster the only person so far to an interest and the backing of a majority of the party 's most senior representatives . Nominations to the next leader of the DUP close later on Wednesday . Peter Robinson in November that he down as party leader . On Tuesday , Mrs Foster she \" very humbled \" by the support she from party colleagues . Mr Wilson long and hard about his decision and to among others , party colleagues Mrs Foster and Mr Dodds . In the end he it would in the best interests of the party that he not his name forward . He he to sure there a smooth transition and that almost certainly now that Arlene Foster will the new DUP leader and the new first minister at Stormont . She she forward to the DUP , if that the party 's wish . Mrs Foster she to with Mr Dodds as a team . \" We will still hopefully together as a team and that certainly my wish for the future ,\" she . In a tweet on Monday night , Mr Robinson he \" a valid nomination \" from Mrs Foster for the post of DUP leader . \" Arlene 's nomination with the support of over 75 % of those to in the electoral college ,\" he .", "Thames Valley Police the discovery after to the property in Iffley Road at 14:58 BST . They the death as \" unexplained \" . The force Iffley Road would to drivers and pedestrians for a \" number of hours \" between The Plain and Circus Street . Officers for information from the public .", "China Nuclear Industry Huaxing Construction $ 3m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.9m ) , the US Department of Justice . The US nuclear-related exports to Pakistan since the country 's detonation of a nuclear device in 1998 . It the first time a Chinese company guilt in a US criminal export case . Nanjing-based Huaxing to charges that it to the epoxy coating through China to Pakistan 's Chashma II Nuclear Power Plant in 2006 and 2007 . Huaxing the site as part of a nuclear cooperation pact between Pakistan and China . A Chinese subsidiary of the company that the coating , PPG Industries , guilty in the same investigation in 2010 .", "We already Bridesmaids director Paul Feig the franchise , with Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy a female-fronted cast . But the director of the original movie it will only the start of a whole new franchise . Ivan Reitman Deadline.com that he to \" the Ghostbusters universe \" . to him , that will \" different films , TV shows , merchandise ... all things that part of modern entertainment \" . Nothing but Channing Tatum one of the names to up for a role . Paul Feig 's Ghostbusters reboot due out in 2016 with Saturday Night Live 's Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon Wiig and McCarthy . Now , Sony Pictures , along with Reitman and original star Dan Aykroyd , to up a Ghost Corps production company which would the output . Reitman that the Russo Brothers , who Captain America : The Winter Soldier , would what would then a fourth Ghostbusters film . The writer would Drew Pearce , who Iron Man 3 and Mission Impossible 5 . by film website Deadline , Reitman : \" Paul Feig 's film will the first version of that . He four of the funniest women in the world , and there will other surprises to . \" Drew ( Pearce ) will and the hope to ready for the Russo Brothers' next window next summer to , with the movie out the year . It just the beginning of what I will a lot of wonderful movies . \" If Ghostbusters down that route , then it would similar to the way Marvel out a whole schedule of films . @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Network Rail work in the Chipping Sodbury and Alderton tunnels and a new platform at Bristol Parkway . The improvements will from Saturday until 15 September . They will new trains to on the Great Western Rail mainline , new intercity express trains . For the duration of the works , those between south Wales and London should : For those to and from south Wales during the August Bank Holiday weekend from 26 August to 28 August : During the weekends from 23-24 September until 18-19 November , there will further improvement work south Wales and Bristol Parkway services . Passengers to their journeys .", "Police 540,000 people in Barcelona , the capital of the region in north-east Spain , while the rest in four other Catalan towns . But numbers down sharply with last year 's event , when 1.4 million in Barcelona alone . Spain consistently attempts to a referendum on secession . Catalan regional president Carles Puigdemont support for \" Catalonia into an independent state \" . Divisions also between the separatist movement 's main political grouping in the Catalan parliament , the Together for Yes coalition , and its radical leftwing ally , the CUP . Mr Puigdemont , who power in January , a confidence vote on 28 September . He a withdrawal from Spain . When Catalan nationalists an unofficial referendum on independence in November 2014 , 80 % of those who independence . Sunday the \" Diada \" , Catalonia 's national day . It the moment in 1714 when Barcelona to troops loyal to Spain 's King Philip V during the War of the Spanish Succession . \" We to towards the final outcome ,\" 58-year-old office clerk Xavier Borras , who to the rally in Barcelona with a friend , AFP news agency . \" We ca n't any longer . \" Spain 's parties , in their efforts to a new government after two inconclusive general elections since December , little sympathy for Catalan grievances . The region of 7.5 million people up 16 % of Spain 's population and for almost 19 % of national GDP .", "The prince the Mants'ase Children 's Home in Maseru , Lesotho . \" Festive cheer ! Despite it 32 degrees , someone out Christmas hats and inevitably one its way on to my head ,\" he . \" All the children , for one reason or another , absolutely the hats and balloons . \" Prince Harry the charity Sentebale which projects that with disadvantaged children , many of whom Aids or orphans because of the disease . He also in the building of Mamohato Children 's Centre . This will emotional and psychological support to young people by HIV and Aids . The prince a Mamohato Network Club in Maseru and : \" These children who never the chance to about their illness , and who no idea that they one of so many in their age group . \" It really emotional them with each other . Some really chatty kids , others slightly overwhelmed , but all with huge smiles . \" This to me again that what we to thousands of children 's lives , and hopefully a generation . \" Prince Harry also his own love of photography and some images that he . \" I always photography and the challenges that with to the perfect shot , although privately I n't many photos ,\" he . \" The best photos I in my head - I some very special memories , mostly from Africa . \" But on this visit , I the time and opportunity to on the other side of the camera and some photos in the stunning country of Lesotho for my charity , Sentebale . \" @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Operators such as Uber and GrabTaxi will now to with the country 's Land Transport Authority . Under the regulations , fees by the booking apps cannot those of regular taxi companies . The new measures will from the second quarter of next year , the government office on Friday . \" To that taxi services equally accessible to all members of the public , bidding and pre-trip tipping for taxi services will not ,\" the LTA in a statement . Wealthy city-state Singapore among the most expensive places in the world to a car , with many commuters on taxis to around . The popularity of taxi booking services in the city of nearly 5.4 million people , especially during peak business hours . Uber rapidly in Singapore services such as high-end UberExec and cheaper UberX cars , along with a service to regular taxis . The company the new rules would not its extra services , because it already partnerships with licensed limousine and rental car companies . \" We that the LTA the benefits our technology , and like Uber , the interest and safety of consumers and drivers first ,\" Uber 's regional general manager of Southeast Asia , Mike Brown , in a statement to Reuters . The San Francisco-based company protests around the world by taxi drivers who against its services , which people to unlicensed taxi drivers by their own cars .", "27 December 2016 Last at 09:00 GMT German Shepherd Finn early one October morning while his handler from a armed robber . The seven-year-old for survival , every step of the way by his handler PC Dave Wardell . BBC News back at how his recovery the hearts of thousands and a petition on the government to the laws police animals .", "Fire crews to a property on Robertson Road just before 07:30 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service crews breathing apparatus as they the fire . Senior officer for Moray and Aberdeenshire , David Rout , : \" Our thoughts with the family . We will now the cause . \"", "Police the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - racially . The victims black . Protesters since 25-year-old Jamar Clark during a struggle with police on 15 November . People who to the incident that Clark , though police this . Around two dozen tents and canopy shelters around the 4th Precinct police station . Demonstrators also the roads with wood and pallets and campfires . to criminal complaints , the four men to the camp on 23 November . After a group of protesters to them away , eight shots . The city 's mayor , Betsy Hodges , the camp unsafe and people to their week-long protest . These request by protesters , who to out despite cold weather and attacks . One of the shooting victims , Wesley Martin , they to . \" They can the street . We can the sidewalk ,\" Martin . \" To honest , we not nowhere . \"", "to the BBC , Thomas Thabane he would from South Africa , which Lesotho , \" as soon as I I not to \" . Reports the capital , Maseru , now calm after soldiers buildings . The army a coup . Lesotho a series of military coups since independence in 1966 . Mr Thabane a unity government since elections in May 2012 , but parliament sessions in June amid feuding in his coalition . He accusations that his actions his government . Mr Thabane the army the government \" dysfunctional \" , an action that to a coup . \" I from control not by the people but by the armed forces , and that illegal ,\" he the BBC 's Newshour programme . \" I into South Africa this morning and I will as soon as my life not in danger . I will not back to Lesotho to . \" South Africa 's government the situation as \" worrying \" , with spokesman Clayson Monyela the country would not \" unconstitutional change of government \" . At the scene : Basildon Peta , Maseru , Lesotho This whole thing around 03:00 . There gunshots since early morning . The city currently calm . People it safe within their homes , but there basically a media blackout . To all intents and purposes it a military coup with the aim of the prime minister . There can no other reason of soldiers the way they other than to power . So far we no reports of killings . It would correct to it a bloodless coup attempt . But I not to around . The chances the situation may . One not what to . Basildon Peta the publisher of the Lesotho Times The army to after the prime minister to its chief , Lt Gen Kennedy Tlai Kamoli . The army the general still in charge , the military \" the democratically government of the day ,\" Reuters news agency . A spokesman , Maj Ntlele Ntoi , a coup , : \" There nothing like that , the situation to normalcy ... the military to their barracks . \" Earlier , troops on the streets of Maseru and there reports of gunfire . Radio stations off air and phone lines , although later reports they again . Sports Minister Thesele Maseribane the AFP news agency that troops State House , a key government building .", "The incident at Neil McEvoy 's office place on Thursday morning . The AM no valuables but files \" through \" . He metal bars to the property at Cowbridge Road East . South Wales Police an investigation . \" For a long period , there a concerted campaign of political harassment against me ,\" the South Wales Central AM . He that less than 12 months ago his home \" \" , with paperwork . Mr McEvoy that in the early hours of Thursday \" the criminals through two outside doors , down a lane , a in hard wood cover on the back window , through a PVC window frame and through metal bars to in the window \" . \" Once again , valuables in the office , but drawers into and files through in the back office which n't . \" Thankfully , they could n't access to the main part of the office without the alarm . \" \" I in place new safety procedures for staff at the end of last term , because I aware of serious cages ,\" he . \" Some people would to us , but this intimidation just to our motivation . \" A South Wales Police spokesman that the break-in after 09:00 GMT on Thursday . He that investigations ongoing and that no arrests . A Plaid Cymru spokeswoman : \" Neil McEvoy now the subject of two break-ins , one at home and one at his office . \" Plaid Cymru him and his staff at this time and keen that the police whether these intrusions . \" All representatives and their staff to in a democratic way without fear of harassment or intimidation . \" The National Assembly with Neil and his staff to their safety and security , and we strongly that this \" \u00e2 \u20ac \u017d", "The 50m ( 150ft ) pylons would from Carlisle to Heysham , Lancashire , to a new \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn nuclear power plant at Moorside , Sellafield , to the grid . Power Without Pylons and Friends of the Lake District the National Grid \" \" demands for the cables to underground in \" sensitive landscapes \" . The National Grid it \" fully the importance \" of the area . The campaign walk place from Black Combe where the pylons will visible , down to the National Park 's costal boundary and across the mouth of Duddon . Graham Pitts , chairman of Power Without Pylons , : \" This a very serious decision . These pylons to up for the rest of this century . \" I n't people two things - one , how stunning the view around here , and two , how much these pylons to it by their sheer size . \" The Lake District forward as the UK 's next nomination for World Heritage status . A National Grid spokesman : \" We not yet a final decision on how and where the new connection will . \" When connections for generators , we to landscapes . Where this not possible , we closely with stakeholders and communities and out consultations to a proposal which the best possible balance between the environment and everyone an affordable electricity supply . \" A formal consultation to place later in the year , with the final plans to the planning inspectorate in 2017 .", "National Guard troops now out of the city . The curfew in place on Tuesday , after protests over Freddie Gray 's death violent . Six police officers criminal charges over the death , which a homicide . They wrongdoing . Gray on 12 April , and a week later from injuries in the back of a police van . Under the curfew , residents to home from 22:00 until 05:00 , and officials to it in place for another day . But on Sunday morning , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake she not to it any longer than necessary . \" My goal always to not the curfew in place a single day longer than necessary ,\" the mayor on her Twitter account . \" I we that point today . \" Protests in Baltimore since looting and arson on Monday night - which the deployment of the National Guard . However the demonstrations largely peaceful since then . Maryland Governor Larry Hogan the state of emergency in the city would not until the last soldier . Correspondents the charges against the officers - from manslaughter to second-degree murder - tensions . The charges on Friday by the city 's top prosecutor Marilyn Mosby . But a lawyer for the six officers they \" nothing wrong \" . Police that Gray , 25 , not in the van by a seatbelt and that his requests for medical attention while . Gray 's death the latest in a series of killings of black men at the hands of police in the US which rioting and national debate . What we about Gray 's death Baltimore to ?", "Quinn , 30 , available for Sunday 's Scottish League Cup semi-final against Celtic . He on the bench in the Dons' third-round defeat by Hibernian but not . spells at Motherwell , Cardiff City and Doncaster Rovers , Quinn a season with County before Aberdeen last summer . He more than 360 senior appearances and by Scotland 's Under-21 side earlier in his career . For all the latest transfers out our transfer deals page .", "Petersen still there at the close on 105 , with captain Steven Croft on 34 , as the Division One leaders out 298-3 from 96 overs in the day . Teenager Haseeb Hameed 11 short of a second successive Championship ton on 89 , while Luke Procter 45 . But the unbroken century stand between Petersen and Croft Lancs on top . so far on exactly 100 , they will on Monday with a third batting bonus point a formality - and 14 overs to a fourth . But , if they their current pace of scoring , the Division One leaders will not 400 by the time the all-important 110-over mark . Hameed up his maiden first-class hundred against Warwickshire at Old Trafford last week by almost five hours over his 89 . But it by the 41st hundred of 35-year-old South African Test player Petersen 's first-class career . Lancashire cricket director and head coach Ashley Giles BBC Radio Manchester : \" We n't quite sure what to when we first up this morning . The pitch a green tinge to it but in the end we to up and to to . \" We that pitches at Lord 's good in recent times so we with that , and it out well for us . \" Both Alviro Petersen and Haseeb Hameed extremely well . We very lucky to a number of youngsters who into the team and well but we also our senior players to their weight and Alviro that . \" We not to the First Division at this stage , but there a long way to . \"", "The emails the Trump camp 's interest in help from the Russian government to opponent Hillary Clinton during the presidential campaign last year . The Dow Jones unchanged at 21,409.07 and the S & P 500 down 0.08 % to 2,425.53 . The Nasdaq 0.3 % to 6,193.3 . Wall Street generally this year , in spite of some shaky moments from unease over the fate of the Trump administration and prospects for its business-friendly agenda . Markets also in May amid a furore over US President Donald Trump 's firing of former FBI Director James Comey , who ties between the campaign and Russia . That investigation ongoing . On Tuesday , a rise in oil prices energy stocks , such as Exxon Mobil , which 0.6 % . But bank stocks ground ahead of the release of quarterly earnings this week and a day after the US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau a rule it easier for customers to collective lawsuits . a The rule companies from that people an individual , out-of-court process to disputes as part of the contract for their credit card and bank accounts . Bank of America and Citigroup shares 1.2 % on Tuesday , while Wells Fargo 1 % . The rule may short-lived as it amid a push by the White House and Republicans in Congress to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau less powerful . Senator Tom Cotton , a Republican who Arkansas , on Tuesday he would legislation to the rule .", "But there plenty of other options to from , Olympic gold medals , world records and election to Parliament . 1979 - Three world records in 41 days As a young middle distance runner , Sebastian Coe a number of UK records and already to considerable talents as an athlete by 1979 . But the year an important milestone when - aged just 22 - he the 800m , one mile and 1,500m world records within the space of just 41 days . He the first person to all three records at the same time . He also Sports Personality of the Year . 1980 - First Olympic medals Coe will always for his Olympic success . In 1980 , amid intense rivalry with fellow British runner Steve Ovett , he gold in the 1,500m in Moscow . He silver in his preferred race - the 800m - second to Ovett . 1984 - Second Olympic Gold Despite months illness , Coe to the Olympic track in Los Angeles four years later and the first man to successive 1,500m golds , fellow Briton Steve Cram into second ( Ovett to the race ) . Coe into second again in the 800m by Joaquim Cruz . 1992 - Enters Parliament After from athletics in 1990 , Coe a career in politics and to the Falmouth and Camborne constituency for the Conservatives at the 1992 election . Coe the Liberal Democrat candidate by more than 3,000 votes and his place in Parliament . He the seat in 1997 when Tony Blair 's Labour Party to power . He briefly to politics as chief of staff to William Hague , when he Leader of the Opposition . 2005 - Olympics for London Despite London in third place behind Paris and Madrid in early stages , the UK capital the games under Coe 's leadership . Sports commentators a speech he , shortly before the vote , the race in London 's favour . \" This almost entirely on a different planet to the gold medals ,\" Coe at the time . He on to Chairman of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and to a key player in the Queen 's appearance in the James Bond scene in the Games' opening ceremony . 2015 - president of the IAAF Despite one of the most impressive CVs in athletics history , Lord Coe his election as IAAF chief all his achievements . He Sergey Bubka , a former Olympic pole vault champion , by 115 votes to 92 . His first test , and perhaps his biggest yet , will to with the fallout from doping allegations .", "Kamdjo , 25 , in only five games for Forest Green last season , but 33 appearances on loan at Boreham Wood . He his career with Reading , and spells at Barnet and Salisbury before Rovers in 2014 . York from League Two last season after only seven league games .", "More than 130 owners overheating problems behind the glove-box area , some of which in fires . Vauxhall the problem , but not yet a full recall . The affected model the Zafira B. It that 280,000 of them currently on the road in the UK . The alarm by three different women , who their cars into flames . Among them Sue Freemantle , from Devon , who four children in her Zafira when a fire behind the dashboard . Claire Wheatley also from Devon , to her car along with her husband when a similar incident . They and others pictures of the fires on Facebook . Vauxhall already 20 such cars which out , and engineers from Germany to . In a statement , it it the heating and ventilation system to . It previous repairs may out improperly , or in some cases , non-genuine parts may the fires . The affected models manual air-conditioning , as above . Owners who electronic climate control not any problems . The cars , all right-hand drive , between 2005 and 2014 . Anyone who concerns about their vehicle to their dealer .", "LudoSport its first academy seven forms of combat from the Star Wars world flexible blades on weighted hilts . The sport eight years ago in Italy but only just to England with the first classes in Cheltenham . Instructor Jordan Court people already \" \" . The classes in Cheltenham last month . So far there six pupils , but this number to . Mr Court an international boot camp to the different stages of the sport which in characteristics from defensive in stage one to \" aggressive and flamboyant \" in stage four and \" unpredictable \" in stage seven . The 34-year-old fighting with \" an elegant weapon for a more civilized age \" a childhood dream true . \" My brother and I to our Mum 's bamboo garden canes to with ,\" he . The lightsabers in the sport all hand-made and for use during the classes , Mr Court . The sport so new to England that there only a handful of classes so far but Mr Court there plans to in Bristol by the end of October ... if \" the Force \" with the academy . Lightsaber Combat Academy There several ranks for those to a fully-fledged Jedi Knight :", "The 68-year-old from Bournemouth when his Vauxhall Astra a Nissan Juke on the A31 near Corfe Mullen . The road , near the Coventry Arms pub , for more than five hours after the crash at 13:20 BST . The driver of the Nissan , a 49-year-old woman from Waterlooville , seriously and to Southampton General Hospital but police her condition not life-threatening . Three men who in the Nissan serious but not life-threatening injuries and to Poole Hospital . Sgt Mark Scammell : \" I would to motorists for their patience during the road closures which necessary to emergency services to with the incident . \"", "The approval on Shell a nod from other US regulators , the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management . Shell Arctic exploration more than two years ago after problems an oil rig fire and safety failures . Environmental campaigners the move . Shell about $ 6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.85bn ) on exploration in the Arctic - a region to about 20 % of the world 's undiscovered oil and gas . The Anglo-Dutch company to up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep , two vessels that can as backups in the event of an emergency . \" We a thoughtful approach to carefully potential exploration in the Chukchi Sea ,\" Abigail Ross Harper , director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , in a statement . This conditional approval Shell must permits from the federal government and the state of Alaska to drilling this summer . Susan Murray , an official at Oceana , a group against Arctic drilling , : \" Our government to risky and ill-conceived exploration in one of the most remote and important places on Earth . \" Among Shell 's woes the last time it to in the area its failure to a spill-response barge on site before the drills oil-bearing zones , as it , and the outbreak of fire on the Noble Discoverer rig that Shell . The Kulluk , a circular drilling barge , away from its towing vessel and aground on its way to a shipyard in Washington state . \" The approval of our Revised Chukchi Sea Exploration Plan an important milestone and the confidence regulators in our plan ,\" Shell spokesman Curtis Smith .", "Katie Locke , 23 , dead at Theobolds Park Hotel in Waltham Cross , Hertfordshire . She . Carl Langdell the charge of murder when he at St Albans Crown Court via a video link from Bedford Prison . A psychiatric report to on Langdell who in custody and will on 18 April . Ann Evans , for the prosecution , : \" What to the circumstances of Katie 's death . There a no comment interview with the police . \" Benjamin Aina QC , defending , Langdell deliberately and intentionally Katie in a hotel room . He his client psychiatric help after of threats to in Bristol . Miss Locke 's family in court for the hearing . In a statement by police at the time of her death , they : \" As a family we distraught , in shock and totally devastated . There not a bad bone in Katie 's body . \" Katie hard and her job as a teacher . In what little spare time she she sports . \" We now like our future from us . \"", "The crackdown last month when Turkish ISPs to off the virtual private networks people to where they . Many people the way they to Tor to the block . Activists the block Turkey 's net censorship policies from \" moderate \" to \" severe \" . Tor , also as The Onion Router , to where people online by encryption and randomly requests for webpages through a network of different computers . The system popular in many nations , such as China and Turkey , where governments to what people and online . Now Turkey Blocks , which internet censorship in the nation , its regular monitoring of Tor that it widely across the country . The organisation to after many people in Turkey problems the Tor network . It that the Turkish government in place sophisticated systems at ISPs to when people to to Tor . These packets of data and can out the distinctive signature of those that for Tor . Turkey Blocks the Turkish government firms to VPNs and Tor in early December , and the pressure on firms to by for weekly updates about the success of the measures . The monitoring group that while direct access to Tor not well , many people that they could still the network if they a bridge . These unofficial entry points to the Tor network which , because they not in the software itself , can when blocks . Turkey a long history of off access to websites and services - particularly during periods of social unrest .", "The Uruguayan , 25 , from Nacional two years ago but just six league appearances for Boro , three of them as a substitute . He last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo , where he seven times and once . Boro they to his contract in order to him a new club .", "The jihadists buildings on the eastern edge of the adjacent city of Tadmur on Thursday , but their push reportedly by the Syrian army . Syria 's antiquities chief that if IS the Unesco World Heritage site it will everything there . The group and several ancient sites in Iraq . Palmyra already some damage during the four-year civil war . It in a strategically important area on the road between the capital , Damascus and the eastern city of Deir al-Zour , and close to gas fields On Thursday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights that IS militants an assault on Tadmur , the modern town next to the ruins of Palmyra . Twenty-six civilians in a village outside Tadmur summarily by IS - at least 10 by - on Thursday after of with President Bashar al-Assad 's government , Mr Abdul Rahman . itself on Twitter that it control of northern and eastern parts of Tadmur , and that it down a Syrian air force MiG jet in the area . Homs provincial governor Talal Barazi that al-Sukhanah , a town to the north-east , on Wednesday and 1,800 families from the town in Tadmur . The Syrian Observatory more than 70 soldiers and 40 militants in the battle for al-Sukhanah . out of the desert and by an oasis , Palmyra the monumental ruins of a great city that one of the most important cultural centres of the ancient world , to Unesco . The site , most of which back to the 1st to the 2nd Century when the region under Roman rule , by a grand , colonnaded street . At the southern end of the 1.1km street the great temple of Bel , one of the most important religious buildings of the 1st Century in the East and of unique design . Syria 's director of antiquities , Maamoun Abdul Karim , that if Palmyra to to IS , it would an \" international catastrophe \" . \" It will a repetition of the barbarism and savagery which we in Nimrud , Hatra and Mosul ,\" he AFP news agency . The ancient sites in northern Iraq recently up by IS militants , who swathes of territory on both sides of the Syria-Iraq border . A US-led coalition out air strikes on the jihadist group 's positions since September . However , it it not its actions with the Assad government .", "The spelling error close to the High Street in Warsop , Nottinghamshire on Friday afternoon . Eric Hill quickly the sign , which should \" right \" , prior to the error over . A spokesman for the Co-op the contractors aware of their mistake and would the spelling \" as quickly as possible \" .", "McClaren , who the Magpies to six wins in 28 Premier League matches , by Benitez in March , but the Spaniard could not them from to the Championship . \" I too much , especially early on , instead of ' we this and this ',\" McClaren BBC Radio 5 live . \" I they [ Benitez ] control of everything . \" He : \" to him , this what he , these his requirements , this the team he to . \" Newcastle 19th in the table when McClaren , with a 3-1 home defeat by Bournemouth his final match in charge . \" The mistake I I too much ,\" the former England , Derby and FC Twente manager . \" I to enough results on the field so I could gradually a bit more control . But I you to as you in , you to sure you what you . \" The 54-year old confident the Magpies from his experience and will Benitez greater control as he to Newcastle to the top flight . \" I now with Rafa in there he will to control of media , of staff , and of recruitment - which the most important thing ,\" he . \" You to sure that you together to what you , what you comfortable with . \"", "A \u00a3 60,000 feasibility study will how to Aberystwyth University 's Old College and the costs . The building in 1865 as a hotel , but later by a group of philanthropists who the university . It home to various departments and for teaching . The university the Old College one of finest examples of the work of gothic revival architect John Pollard Seddon . It one of the town 's most recognisable buildings with spires , towers , gargoyled parapets and steep-pitched roofs \" like a French Renaissance chateau \" . Plans a \" cultural quarter \" around the Old College , a postgraduate centre world-class teaching , learning and study spaces , an art gallery , and lecturing and performance facilities . University vice-chancellor Prof April McMahon : \" Research consistently that Aberystwyth University as one of the best locations to for undergraduates . \" We to on that and a world class postgraduate centre . \" However , the Old College should a community focus as well as an academic one . \" We to a resource for residents and visitors as well as students and staff . \" Our vision for state-of-the-art learning facilities , exhibition space , a university shop and a first point of contact for local businesses - truly the town and gown together in a new cultural quarter . \" Regeneration Minister Huw Lewis : \" The Old College an iconic building in Aberystwyth and with present and past students of the university . \" Its location in the centre of the town can a focal point to the area 's regeneration and the potential ideas forward extremely exciting . \" The final feasibility study , which will also a number of other university properties , to in March 2013 . It will by a Welsh government regeneration fund and the university . Aberystwyth as a regeneration area by the Welsh government and up to \u00a3 10.3m available to , which on a number of projects in the town .", "Mullaney ( 113 ) plus Riki Wessels ( 81 ) and Samit Patel 's ( 85 ) century partnership Notts beyond 300 , and Chris Read an unbeaten 63 . Surrey 's Tom Curran three wickets and West Indies paceman Ravi Rampaul ( 5-93 ) off Notts' lower order . At the close , Surrey 7-0 two overs unscathed . Surrey , who the option to first without a toss , Greg Smith and Michael Lumb before lunch , but could not Mullaney until he Notts beyond 200 . The hosts , who up maximum batting bonus points , like a huge total until Wessels behind by Ben Foakes off Rampaul to Notts 308-5 . Surrey will on Monday with openers Rory Burns and Arun Harinath to them a foothold in the match .", "The Pass Wide and Slow Wales campaign 1,300 signatures on the assembly 's e-petition website . It an annual road safety awareness campaign to motorists how to around horses . The British Horse Society that since 2010 there 2,000 road accidents in the UK , with 1,500 because of cars too closely . As a result of these , 180 horses and 36 riders . Awareness rides for Penarth , Vale of Glamorgan , Swansea , Neyland in Pembrokeshire , Machynlleth , Powys , Flintshire and Porthmadog in Gwynedd . Any petition with over 50 signatures by a committee to in the assembly .", "Dead Men Risen , by Toby Harnden and by Quercus , the prize at a ceremony in Westminster and the judges' unanimous choice . It on the death of Lt Colonel Rupert Thorneloe in 2009 . It in form after the first print run by the MoD . The judges the book \" us into the hearts and minds of the Welsh Guards in a way that both interesting and visceral \" . \" It every citizen of this country to exactly what we soldiers to in Afghanistan ,\" the panel . \" Rather than easy answers it the soldiers for themselves . \" Other awards a posthumous honour for Christopher Hitchens , whose final book , Arguably , on the long list for the top prize . Hitchens' widow Carol Blue the award on behalf of the Vanity Fair writer . The journalism prize to Amelia Gentleman for her work in The Guardian , while the blog award to Rangers Tax Case - an online commentary on the ongoing financial problems at the historic Scottish football club . The writers of the blog they to \" the details of what Rangers FC , why it illegal and what the implications for one of the largest football clubs in Britain \" . The winners from shortlists of six books , six journalists and seven bloggers , down from longlists of 17 books , 12 journalists and 18 bloggers . Each of the winners a \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 prize .", "Dominic Greyer organisers of the WI 's Centennial Fair in Harrogate him to up coasters , mugs and tea-towels some of Britain 's saucier-named towns and villages . The author merchandise for his book ' Lesser Spotted Britain ' when to the items . The organisers yet to . Mr Greyer he by a male organiser who some of the promotional material as \" unacceptable \" . He to greetings cards in brown paper bags and place names with ' censored ' stickers . Mr Greyer : \" It pretty farcical , it like I an adult shop . \" I to up what on paper like rude names but , in context , real places from around the UK . \" It just ' On ' humour , it not like you ca n't past these places , they all out there on the street for people to . \" The writer , from Manchester , ladies his stall during the event at the weekend \" \" by the move and it a marketing gimmick . \" Some of them pretty out and it patronising ,\" he . Wetwang , East Yorkshire Cockermouth , Cumbria Three Cocks , Powys Twatt , Shetland Islands Bell End , Northamptonshire Sandy Balls , Hampshire Slack Bottom , West Yorkshire Butts View , Derbyshire Cocking , Sussex Bully Hole Bottom , Monmouthshire Minge Lane , Worcestershire Assington , Suffolk Juggs Lane , West Sussex Furry Way , Cornwall Rings End , Cambridgeshire Guests of the event to Twitter to their confusion . \" Oh the censorship thing us with laughter - we just so delicate !\" one . Other WI branches also in with their thoughts : \" At the fab @ Lesser _ stand at @ theWI fair but shocked to he by the MEN who the event ! !\" the Cottonopolis WI .", "Media playback not on this device Murray Glasgow of him in Munster 's recent European game and Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw more of the same on Saturday . But Stander , 26 , an effective Irish display will the issue . \" We what we to . the ball available for him . He a big man . Conor can after himself ,\" he . whether Ireland will extra protection for his Munster colleague , Stander : \" No. No. He a player that after himself . We just to the ball back from the ruck and it easier for him to the ball and him his game . Scrum-half Murray , 27 , the Scottish club him at risk of injury in the European Champions Cup game at Scotstoun on 14 January . Murray a blow to the head during the contest and Munster later of any wrongdoing by Champions Cup organisers after the scrum-half initially to the field the incident before a head injury assessment . In response , the Warriors' coaching staff and players adamant that their tactics , while robust , firmly within the laws of the game . Scotland scrum-half Laidlaw firmly to this line at a news conference on Tuesday . Laidlaw : \" Glasgow everything within the rules of the game . As a nine you always to teams pressure on you . Media playback not on this device \" In that game , Glasgow a charge down on him but they to the ball back - they n't to deliberately the player . \" Will we pressure on him ? For sure we will . He not to to Murrayfield and an armchair ride . \" We to that to every Irish player but we can the same back , I sure . \" For his part , Stander the Munster pack \" down \" Murray at Scotstoun but he confident that there will not a repetition at Murrayfield . \" We n't after him as much as we could [ at Scotstoun ] . This weekend , we all to on our job . We what we to . \"", "The 54-year-old to a double marathon on Sunday , beneath a giant statue of Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg . Izzard a similar feat in South Africa in 2012 but to out for health reasons . It the comedian 's endurance feat more than \u00c2 \u00a3 1.35m for the charity appeal . \" That very , very tough ,\" he reporters as he from a celebratory bottle of white wine . The 27 marathons to the 27 years Mr Mandela in prison before South Africa 's first black president . \" It the hardest thing I ever ,\" a \" very tired \" Izzard . \" you to everyone who [ and ] n't this at home . \" Gary Lineker , marathon runner Paula Radcliffe and DJ Chris Moyles among those who their congratulations .", "The Canaries , who thanks to Jonny Howson 's goal , second in the Championship with two wins from three . \" The first 10 minutes quite even but after that we in control of the game . We the woodwork a few times ,\" Neil BBC Radio Norfolk . \" If our passing in the final third a bit slicker we would more chances . I we to . \" Neil : \" I ca n't really too many opportunities for them to , if any . \" The first goal crucial because it up their gameplan because they to out and us more space to and . \" Norwich from the Premier League last season with 67 goals , the joint-second-most in the division . But they clean sheets in their last two home games , and Neil : \" That to key forward . \"( A lack of clean sheets ) a criticism of us last season and something we to to . In the last two games it better . \"", "The Love Actually star will a role in the spy film , to The Hollywood Reporter . Armie Hammer , Alicia Vikander and Man of Steel actor Henry Cavill will also in the adaptation of the TV series , which from 1964 to 1968 . Grant , who most recently in Cloud Atlas with Tom Hanks , will the head of British Naval Intelligence . The film special agents Napoleon Solo , by Cavill , and Illya Kuryakin - Lone Ranger star Hammer - who for the mysterious United Network Command for Law Enforcement ( U.N.C.L.E. ) . Swedish actress Vikander , for her role as Kitty in Joe Wright 's Anna Karenina , as the female lead , while The Great Gatsby 's Elisabeth Debicki will also in the adaptation . Tom Cruise for the role of Solo , originally by Robert Vaughn in the TV series , while George Clooney to the lead role in director Steven Soderbergh 's earlier version of the film . However , Clooney from the film and Soderbergh subsequently out of the project . Director Ritchie will the script with Lionel Wigram , who both of Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes films , Robert Downey Jr . Production due to in September with a release for 2014 . There 105 episodes of the multi-award TV show , The Man From U.N.C.L.E , with the first series in black-and-white .", "The country now two consecutive quarters of growth , the usual definition of recession . Its vital oil industry by weaker global prices , to the Nigerian Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) . But the government there strong growth in other sectors . Crude oil sales for 70 % of government income . The price of oil from highs of about $ 112 a barrel in 2014 to below $ 50 at the moment . Outside the oil industry , the figures the fall in the Nigerian currency , the naira , the economy . It to freely in June to the economy , but critics it should earlier . The government , however , some positive news in the figures . \" There growth in the agricultural and solid minerals sectors ... the areas in which the federal government particular priority ,\" presidential economic adviser Adeyemi Dipeolu . Nigeria , which with South Africa for the mantle of Africa 's biggest economy , also an inflation rate at an 11-year high of 17.1 % in July . \" A lot of Nigeria 's current predicament could ,\" Kevin Daly from Aberdeen Asset Management . \" The country so reliant on oil precisely because its leaders n't the economy . \" More recently , they , and , to up the naira , which a ruinous effect on the country 's foreign exchange reserves and any reputation it might of fiscally responsible . \" This economic recession as no surprise to millions of Nigerians . Many they never it so tough . The slump in global oil prices Nigeria hard . The government on oil sales for about 70 % of its revenues . But critics government policies a bad situation even worse . The decision to Nigeria 's currency many businesses to foreign currency to for imports , which a effect on the entire economy . enormous pressure , the government tack this summer , the naira to . That to a spike in inflation , but the hope that it will foreign investors . The government also the country to less : it to more products in Nigeria .", "Mining , energy , and financial stocks among the big gainers , with healthcare and telecoms among the main losers . The Dow Jones 0.6 % to 19,912.7 , and the S & P 500 0.7 % to 2,280.07 . The Nasdaq 0.9 % to 5,600.9 . Small-company stocks the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 1.6 % to 1,369.21 points . Mining and other materials sector companies could from initiatives by the White House to the permitting process for manufacturing and the way for pipeline construction . Energy companies as crude oil prices higher . The rally also up stocks in US homebuilders . Healthcare , phone companies and other high-dividend stocks among the biggest laggards as bond yields . While several big companies quarterly earnings , investors on the latest batch of executive actions from President Donald Trump . \" The importance of this earnings season only because we all there to some changes in policy ,'' J.J . Kinahan , TD Ameritrade 's chief strategist . \" Now you on the edicts , or whatever they may , that out of the White House . '' Trump a breakfast meeting with the heads of General Motors , Ford , and Fiat Chrysler , the big three US carmakers that should more in the US . The chiefs optimism after the meeting , a rise in carmakers' shares . GM 1 % , Ford 2.4 % , and Fiat Chrysler 5.8 % . Verizon 4.4 % after the phone and communications company earnings for the last three months of 2016 that short of what analysts' forecasts .", "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's son the first member of the UK Royal family to his first birthday by a new coin . The third in line to the throne and future king one on 22 July . The design of the sterling silver piece by his parents ; his great-grandmother the Queen ; and Chancellor George Osborne . It the heraldic royal arms and the year 2014 . Prince George at the weekend with the help of his mother . Shane Bissett , director of commemorative coin and bullion at the Royal Mint , : \" We there could no more fitting design to the first birthday of our future king than the royal arms - the arms of the monarch - in honour of the future heir to the throne . \" The choice of a silver coin significant too , as the precious metal closely with newborn babies ... \" the palm of a newborn baby with silver a way to them wealth and good health throughout their life , whilst the \u00a3 5 coin a favourite for royal celebrations . \" The coins will a limited mintage of 7,500 and will \u00a3 80 each from the Royal Mint . The heraldic royal arms the four quarterings of the royal arms , each in a shield , as well as a rose , thistle , leek , a sprig of shamrock and a crown . It originally for the Queen and last on a coin for the British Exhibition in New York in 1960 . George 's birth and his christening also with commemorative coins .", "However , the 2018 event , to art , design and innovation , will not the first in the region . In 1929 , the North East Coast Exhibition by the Prince of Wales in Newcastle amid great fanfare . So , will organisers inspiration from the grand event , which four million visitors ? to the Newcastle and Gateshead announcement , the North East Chamber of Commerce : \" The Great Exhibition to the launch pad of real growth in our regional economy . \" The Prince of Wales - later King Edward VIII - the 1929 event and : \" The industries of the North not yet out of the ring . \" They back gallantly with a good Northern punch . \" And the \" northern punch \" cutting-edge technology , such as a cow milking machine , a telescope down from Edinburgh University , and the local newspaper a newly-designed electric sign to out the latest news items . Industry and consumer items , some of them household names that , such as Hoover vacuum cleaners , Singer sewing machines , and Pyrex glass ovenware . Andrews Liver Salts off its brand with a 15ft \" fountain of health \" . For entertainment there an amusement park , a Himalayan Railway , and an African village . More than four million people through the turnstiles between May and October that year , King Alfonso of Spain and the Sultan of Zanzibar . Each millionth visitor with a gold watch . When the exhibition , the pavilions and the area to a public park . Unfortunately , that \" northern punch \" would victim to the economic depression a few years later , in the 1930s .", "The body of Omar Omran at an apartment in the Riverside complex , Kimmage , on Monday evening . He to death . His mother Maha Al Adheem , a doctor who originally from Iraq , at Dublin District Court on Thursday . The 42 year old in custody until next week . During the hearing , a detective sergeant evidence of the arrest . He that about 45 minutes after she , Maha Al Adheem : \" Yes it my knife . Yes it my hand . \" It not me . It the power . \"", "Inderjit Singh Dhariwal , 49 , at Samsons in Rood End Road , Oldbury , in the early hours of Sunday . Nicolas Salhan , 36 , of Haybridge Avenue , Stourbridge , and Jonathan Davies , 42 , from Old Bridge Walk , Rowley Regis , . They due to at Wolverhampton Crown Court on 30 November . Mr Dhariwal , of Oldbury , to hospital in a critical condition but on Monday .", "The builder it would 139 homes at Duddingston Park South , Duddingston , and 165 at Newcraighall Village . Barratt Homes will also a total of 102 affordable homes between the two developments . Newcraighall Village and Duddingston Park South both to later this year . Anne Ross , sales director at Barratt Homes for the East of Scotland , : \" 2014 buoyant year for new homes sales and we pleased to these two new developments in the Edinburgh area , to us to up with demand . \" With a wide selection of modern homes on offer and in sought-after locations , we these developments will extremely popular . \"", "Media playback not on this device Page , 25 , to gold by 0.425 points as Canada 's Rosannagh MacLennan a second successive Olympic title with a score of 56.465 . World champion Li Dan of China bronze , while another Briton , Katherine Driscoll , sixth . \" I ca n't I an Olympic medal ,\" Page , from Huntingdon . \" I just so happy . \" out how to into gymnastics with our special guide . \" I no idea it a medal but my performance the best I could . That why I so happy , that all the training and hard work off . \" I so happy I to the final with Kat . \" Prior to Olympic silver , Page 's highest career finish in an international event fifth at the 2015 World Championships in Denmark . Trampoline its Olympic debut in 2000 and this the first time British women the final . Media playback not on this device to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "The \" witches' marks \" often near entrances to buildings , the house where Shakespeare and the Tower of London . The symbols to protection when belief in witchcraft and the supernatural widespread . But heritage agency Historic England too little about them . This Halloween it for people to the marks , which can in medieval houses , churches and other buildings , most commonly from around 1550 to 1750 . The symbols , which to inhabitants and visitors of buildings from witches and evil spirits , many forms , patterns and sometimes letters . The most common type the \" Daisy Wheel \" , which like a flower with a compass in a single endless line that to and evil spirits . They also the form of letters , such as AM for Ave Maria , M for Mary or VV , for Virgin of Virgins , into medieval walls , on wooden beams and into plasterwork to the protective power of the Virgin Mary . examples several at Shakespeare 's birthplace in Stratford-upon-Avon , Warwickshire , near the cellar door where beer , and at the Tithe Barn , Bradford-on-Avon , Wiltshire , to crops . Others in caves , such as the Witches' Chimney at Wookey Hole , Somerset , which numerous markings . Duncan Wilson , chief executive of Historic England , : \" Witches' marks a physical reminder of how our ancestors the world . \" They really the imagination and can us about previously-held beliefs and common rituals . \" Ritual marks , or into our ancestors' homes and churches in the hope of the world a safer , less hostile place . \" They such a common part of everyday life that they unremarkable and because they easy to , the evidence we about where they and what form they thin . \"", "It the day after the remains of the boiler house and the search for three men when the building partially down . However , site owner RWE NPower people the tower still and in fog . It would in future , a spokeswoman . Paul Brassett : \" Local reports that Didcot power station stack down overnight . Might to it out . \" Drew Simpson : \" Just along the perimeter road in Didcot and ca n't the tall tower - it may down . \" Elliot Harvey : \" Any ideas if it to down the tall chimney at the power station , or it another accident . \" RWE Sunday 's demolition of the boiler house \" as \" .", "The company it at the possibility of services between Sandown and Southsea . It the idea from businesses at the island resort who keen to tourism . If , the cross-Solent service would on two days a week in July and August . Neil Chapman , managing director of Hovertravel , : \" We always open to new ideas which might tourism to the Isle of Wight and we provisionally the concept , subject to the appropriate permissions . \" The plan would for the service to four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday from 14 July to 27 August . The Isle of Wight Council the plan and it currently in discussion with Hovertravel to the details and the use of Sandown Beach for the service .", "Between April and October 103 liner visits to Guernsey , Alderney , Sark and Herm . In 2011 there 91 visits , with 29 due to bad weather and itinerary changes . Capt Peter Gill , Guernsey 's harbour master , : \" It a very poor year in weather terms and virtually every aspect of our activities . \" He : \" It n't just the cruise liners , yachts as well significantly down on previous years , in fact last year the worst since 1987 . \" Investigations into plans for a cruise liner berth off Guernsey , to between \u00c2 \u00a3 60m and \u00c2 \u00a3 80m , due to part of the harbour master plan , which due to this year . Currently passengers between the cruise liners and Guernsey on tenders by the ships . Capt Gill : \" In terms of a destination port in the UK , Guernsey the most visited , it the most popular ... the cruise liner operators it quite clear to us they very keen to here . \"", "Tim Husbands it also essential that proper transport links in place for visitors to the site . He to the BBC 's Inside Business programme about Northern Ireland 's tourism industry . Mr Husbands on the top job at Titanic Belfast a few months before the visitors' centre in 2012 . In its first year of operation , more than 800,000 people from 128 countries the east Belfast building - double the number it to . Titanic Belfast its one millionth visitor in July 2013 . Mr Husbands a wealth of experience in event management , 15 years in charge of Belfast 's Waterfront Hall . He also the Ulster Hall and to a number of major events in the city , the Tall Ships festival in 2009 . In 2014 , he an MBE from the Queen for services to economic development and tourism . Mr Husbands Inside Business that , while there no point attractions for the sake of it , parts of Northern Ireland outside Belfast to better in terms of tourism and transport . \" There no easy means of people through from one city to another , from one region to another , and we to that ,\" he . \" You to it easy for the consumer , you to it easy for the guests . \" I not sure that we mature enough as an industry to that just yet . \" Tim Husbands interview will on BBC Radio Ulster as part of Inside Business at 13:30 GMT on Sunday 20 November .", "Steven Dunne , 42 , to to Southview Low Secure Unit , Hellingly , at 17:00 BST on Wednesday . After a police appeal on Saturday , Dunne later into Bootle Street police station in Manchester , where he in custody . Dunne will to hospital under a higher level of security . Earlier , in their appeal , Sussex Police they he to Manchester because he family links in the city . In November 2010 , Dunne the manslaughter of Gordon Stalker , 51 , on the grounds of diminished responsibility and indefinitely . Sussex Police the level of security he originally under by the Ministry of Justice . After Dunne himself in , Lisa Rodrigues , chief executive of Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust , : \" We concerned for Mr Dunne 's welfare and we closely with Sussex Police throughout their investigation . \" The NHS trust Dunne a \" low risk \" after he . During the court case , Dunne , formerly of Chates Farm Court , Brighton , Lewes Crown Court he Mr Stalker his mind and he could only by him . The pair neighbours in a house in Elm Grove , Brighton , where they friends and often together . But Dunne 's mental health and he to that Mr Stalker a witch who his soul . He Mr Stalker repeatedly in their communal hallway . The judge him to under the Mental Health Act .", "Sue Sim the first woman to the force and the hunt for murderer Raoul Moat in 2010 . Last month Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner Vera Baird an investigation into Ms Sim over rudeness to staff . Ms Sim on 3 June to more time with her family to \" up for the sacrifices \" they . She Merseyside Police in 1985 , through the ranks before to Northumbria in 2004 . Ms Sim the hunt for Moat the murder of Christopher Brown and of one of her officers , PC David Rathband , one of the biggest challenges she . She : \" That the largest manhunt the country for 44 years . I my time out and about the public and to their questions . \" I immensely proud of my officers and staff who about their roles fully aware of the threats against them , but determined to the public . \" She also savings of \u00c2 \u00a3 117m since 2010 and at the helm as Northumbria Police no crime rape reports an audit . Ms Baird 's office the misconduct investigation will but if the complaints against her , Ms Sim 's retirement would any sanctions , such as a warning , would no impact . Ms Baird : \" Sue passion and enthusiasm to her role and at a time when Northumbria one of the highest forces in the country . \"", "The 26-year-old German cartilage in his knee during the Premier League defeat by Chelsea on 14 December , off after 57 minutes . Kirchhoff only his eighth appearance of the season , and two months out with a hamstring injury . Sunderland , who Manchester United on Boxing Day , 18th in the Premier League and one point from safety . Black Cats forward Duncan Watmore out for the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury .", "The Hannover forward , who will also Austria 's game in Serbia on Sunday , by Sturm Graz striker Deni Alar Harnik the team 's most-capped player , with 14 goals in 61 matches . Alar the top-scorer for Austrian league leaders Graz , with nine goals in as many games .", "Winners of the cup competition a place in the Europa League . Four-time cup winners Forest to past the third round for the past 11 seasons and their campaign at Doncaster on Tuesday . \" It very important because it the only way to into the Europa League ,\" Montanier BBC Radio Nottingham . \" I it difficult because there a lot of teams from the Premier League and Championship . It will a very important game . \" Forest , two-time European Cup winners under Brian Clough in 1979 and 1980 , who also the club to its four League Cup titles , last in European competition in the 1995-96 season , the Uefa Cup quarter-finals . The Reds , who last the League Cup in 1990 and in the final in 1992 , out of the competition by League One side Walsall 12 months ago . Their trip to League Two side Doncaster three days after Montanier Forest 's Championship season victory against Burton Albion , in what his first competitive match in English football . Former Rennes boss Montanier also that the injury to goalkeeper Dorus de Vries , in the 4-3 victory over Burton on Saturday , not as bad as first . \" It will a few weeks , but not serious ,\" Montanier .", "The Flybe plane , which 62 passengers from Exeter , safely after a full emergency at 13:43 . Edinburgh Airport nobody during the incident . A Flybe spokesman : \" The flight safely at Edinburgh Airport the report of a technical fault with the aircraft . \" He : \" The pilot standard operating procedures and , as usual in such circumstances , the airport its emergency vehicles on standby . \" All 62 passengers as normal when the aircraft on stand . \"", "Yorkshire Sculpture Park 100,000 people in September when the poppies , with about 37,000 last year . The poppy arch segment , Wave , of 5,800 ceramic poppies from Cascade Bridge into the Lower Lake . Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will by ticket only . Yorkshire Sculpture Park visitor numbers would on 8 and 11 November \" to a calm and contemplative experience for all \" . Belinda Eldridge , operations manager , the 170 % rise in visitor numbers \" phenomenal \" and Yorkshire Sculpture Park its biggest ever year , with more than half a million visitors . \" We extremely privileged to able to the poppies to Yorkshire ,\" she . \" It safe to tens of thousands of people as a result of the poppies . \" She the sculpture a \" different feel \" from any other sculpture at the park , and many people the poppies a \" calm and contemplative experience \" . The installation part of a nationwide tour of poppies from the artwork Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red , which in London in July 2014 . The artwork , by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper , 100 years since the start of World War One and more than five million visitors . The Yorkshire Regiment 24 Battalions by 65,000 men , of whom 9,000 .", "The Military Reaction Force the subject of a BBC Panorama programme last November . Former members the unit people who may unarmed . The PSNI investigation none of the men \" any criminal act or in any of the incidents \" . In a statement , the PSNI : \" Detectives from Serious Crime Branch the contents of a BBC Panorama programme last year into the activities of the MRF . \" Although there not to any admission to criminality by individuals in the programme , it will part of an HET review into all deaths to soldiers . \" This review will when HET its work in the near future . \" The unit in 1973 , after 18 months . The plain-clothes soldiers out round-the-clock patrols in Belfast in unmarked cars . Three former members of the unit to Panorama . They they with \" down \" IRA members in Belfast . When if on occasion the MRF would an assumption that someone a weapon , even if they could not one , one of the former soldiers \" occasionally \" . \" We n't around town , all over the place like you on the TV , we down there and , for our targets , them and them down ,\" he . \" We may not a weapon , but there more than likely would weapons there in a vigilante patrol . \" One of the soldiers they \" not there to like an army unit , we there to like a terror group \" . Solicitor Padraig \u00c3 \u201c Muirigh families who their relatives by the MRF . He police should further the soldiers' claims . \" They very openly and brazenly that they in a terror gang , that they outside the rule of law , that they also outside of the yellow card rule ,\" he . \" They also in fatal incidents in which people may not . \" I all of that and that very high-profile Panorama programme in the direction that there should further investigation of these matters . \" Unfortunately it that the PSNI not that , despite the request from the director of public prosecutions . \"", "It complaints over gangs of young adults in Llangefni , alcohol and criminal damage . The power police and community support officers to troublemakers to . The order will in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday . \" The action we twofold ,\" Sgt Tracey Llewellyn , from Anglesey 's Safer Neighbourhood policing team . \" Initially we would to those in or the town centre that we positive action against youths repeat issues of anti-social behaviour in and around the town to that they not by the behaviour of certain youths . \" Equally importantly to young people from the excesses of alcohol and its potential consequences . \" The dispersal order any person under 16-years-old can also home , or to a place of safety . Individuals can also from the area for up to 24 hours , or arrest if they .", "Jamie Cox Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth , south London , in July last year . The Swindon-based WBO European super-middleweight title holder , who to \" out \" Ms Gribovskaja , assault . But he guilty after a trial at Croydon Magistrates' Court . The victim in the early hours of the morning by Cox his way into her flat , the court . She 999 before he through her bedroom door . The 29-year-old boxer , who in court under his real name Jamie Russan , of assault by beating , violence to entry , harassment and criminal damage . Alex Slater , , : \" Viktoria she never so scared in her life . She he to her . \" He in a recording of a 999 call , which 21 minutes , to : \" I will you out . \" At his trial last month , Cox he \" \" through Ms Gribovskaja 's front and bedroom doors because he she \" could herself \" . He his hands on her . But magistrates the victim 's account of the confrontation \" credible and convincing \" . Nathaniel Ikeazor , Cox , the court the boxer the incident . He : \" Jamie remorseful as to how his actions Viktoria and the relationship thereafter . \" Cox to 26 weeks in prison for the assault and harassment charges , 20 weeks for violence to entry and 12 weeks for criminal damage , to concurrently . He to \u00c2 \u00a3 1,105 in compensation to his victim and court costs , and a restraining order him from her indefinitely . Cox no emotion as the sentence down . outside court , his trainer of 10 years , John Costello , his legal team will against the decision and \" confident he will his name \" . Cox will from boxing for the duration of his sentence , Mr Costello .", "State department officials and Mr Bae 's sister as the 45-year-old from a hospital to the camp on 20 January . Mr Bae , a Korean-American , in November 2012 and to 15 years' hard labour in May . North Korea he his tourism business to groups to the government . He to hospital last year after dramatic weight loss . His family he several health complaints diabetes and liver problems . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki Washington about Mr Bae 's transfer to the camp from representatives of the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang , which on behalf of the US in North Korea . Ms Psaki the Swedish diplomats \" Mr Bae 10 times since his detention , most recently on 7 February in a labour camp \" . She : \" We to DPRK ( North Korean ) authorities to Mr Bae special amnesty and immediate release on humanitarian grounds \" . Ms Psaki not when Mr Bae back to the camp . However , a US state department official and Mr Bae 's sister the 20 January date . \" He back to eight-hours-a-day , six-days-a-week hard labour ,\" Terri Chung , Mr Bae 's sister , as by the Associated Press news agency . Pyongyang so far no official comment on the reports . On Thursday , US President Barack Obama the annual National Prayer Breakfast in Washington to : \" We for Kenneth Bae , a Christian missionary who in North Korea for 15 months . \" \" His family him home , and the United States will to everything in our power to his release because Kenneth Bae to free . \" If the details of his transfer , it would Mr Bae to the camp on the same day as he to foreign media in North Korea under heavy prison guard - his first \" press conference \" since the detention . Mr Bae media reports that he badly and for US \" co-operation \" to his release . Correspondents he may under strict editorial control . North Korea several US citizens in recent years , journalists and Christians of . They after visits to Pyongyang by high-profile officials , former presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter .", "Owner Cuerden Leisure Blackpool 's South and Central Piers and the Grade II Llandudno Pier . St John Stott , director at Cuerden Leisure , which also Eastbourne Pier , the company \" its assets \" . Blackpool North Pier by a local businessman in 2011 . Collectively , they on the market for offers of around \u00a3 12.6m , with individual guide prices of \u00a3 4.8m for Blackpool Central , \u00a3 3.3m for Blackpool South and \u00a3 4.5m for Llandudno Pier . Blackpool Central Pier home to a 33m high ( 108ft ) Ferris wheel , Blackpool South Pier and Llandudno Pier all in the 19th Century . Llandudno , which 695m long ( 2,280ft ) , the only pier with building status any future owners would Listed Building Consent to changes to the structure . as the \" Queen of Welsh Piers \" , it in the crescent bay between the outcrops of the Little and Great Orme . Blackpool Central Pier , which at 341m long ( 1,118ft ) , and Blackpool South Pier , which 150m ( 492ft ) , not from status , despite opening in 1864 and 1892 respectively . Richard Baldwin , a director at Bilfinger GVA , which the piers for Cuerden Leisure , it would very unlikely that a new owner would significant changes . He : \" In our opinion , the value in the use and this unlikely to at either of the Blackpool piers . \" A spokesman for the National Piers Society , which the preservation and enjoyment of seaside piers in the UK , : \" These piers all in good order and trading successfully , and , that Easter almost upon us , I no doubt that they will quickly a buyer or buyers . \"", "Domingo in the role since May 2013 and his contract in August . Cricket South Africa they \" to a recruitment process \" as they to a head coach \" through to the 2019 World Cup \" . South Africa will three one-day internationals , three Twenty20 games and four Test matches against England . Domingo 's side currently third in Tests , second in one-day internationals and fourth in T20 cricket . The 42-year-old his team to a 3-0 Test series win over Sri Lanka earlier this month and a 2-1 away Test series success in Australia in November . South Africa the first of five one-day internationals against Sri Lanka on Saturday with a convincing eight-wicket victory at Port Elizabeth . Sri Lanka out for 181 and South Africa 185-2 with 15.4 overs with Hashim Amla 57 and Faf du Plessis an unbeaten 55 .", "Lil ' Chris , whose real name Chris Hardman , to fame in Channel 4 's Rock School . He dead at in Lowestoft on 23 March . His family the 24-year-old with mental health issues and depression . A private funeral earlier this month . The inquest , at St Margaret 's House in Lowestoft , the full hearing until 28 July . Suffolk coroner Dr Peter Dean the short hearing , which the musician by his friend . The emergency services to the house in Union Road , before Mr Hardman dead an hour later by a paramedic . Dr Dean his \" sympathy \" to the family . Mr Hardman 's death , fellow musicians and fans tribute on social media to the singer , who his first hit single with Checkin ' It Out . It his appearances in the Channel 4 series with Kiss frontman Gene Simmons in 2006 , which at the town 's Kirkley High School . Guy Barnes , a producer who with Hardman , : \" As much as we all the death of the boy , everybody to as much love and strength as they possibly can into the Hardman family because I n't how anyone with that . \" In a statement after Lil ' Chris 's death , his family he a \" huge personality who will by everyone who him \" . \" He a hugely creative person who this side of his personality to others , to people up and to others better ,\" they . \" A real people person , he would always the time to and , no matter who or when and we proud that he so well of by all who him . \" Family and friends for his funeral on 8 April in Gorleston , Norfolk , before balloons in his favourite colour of green on Claremont Pier in his hometown of Lowestoft . Samaritans' deputy chief executive Fiona Malcolm the charity \" \" by his death . \" If anyone by this news , or to , we would to people that Samaritans here for them if they to ,\" she .", "Andrew Platten , 55 , from Bingley , at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road in the town on Tuesday.\u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac West Yorkshire Police officers to the car after the driver \" suspiciously \" . Police the car then \" off and \" with Dr Platten a short distance away . The matter to the Independent Police Complaints Commission . A 22-year-old Bradford man at the scene on suspicion of death by dangerous driving . He on bail . Dr Platten at Leeds Beckett University . Its website him as an associate dean for international and collaborative provision in the Faculty of Arts , Environment and Technology . In a statement , his family : \" Andrew as a respected and dedicated academic , with a love for art , poetry and music . For anyone that him , cycling his true passion as he a competitive rider on the roads . \u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac \" Most importantly he a friend , loyal brother and uncle , loving partner and a truly inspirational father . He will deeply , but he his stamp on all who him . \" He will always and never , on in all our hearts . \"", "Northern Ireland 's world number three due to off with Americans Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler at 02:45 GMT ( 10:45 local time ) on Thursday . The 26-year-old currently the Race to Dubai rankings with just three tournaments . \" I not great . I something a couple of nights ago and Tuesday n't good at all ,\" he . \" I I would better Wednesday morning , but I a piece of toast and a couple of bits of melon for breakfast and I here and to some balls , but even just a couple of swings my stomach too sore . \" I just another day of rest and hopefully I will better tomorrow and I can . \" Four-time major winner McIlroy the only two-time winner of the Race to Dubai - the European Tour 's season-long event - titles in 2012 and 2014 . He currently England 's Danny Willett , Irishman Shane Lowry and South African Louis Oosthuizen .", "The 35-year-old the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016 , but less than 12 months on the county bottom of the Division One Championship table . Bell , who last for England in November 2015 , recently out of the Bears' T20 side . \" This the right time for me to down ,\" Bell . \" As a senior player , I will the team in all ways possible and I that our squad very exciting times ahead . \" It an absolute honour to my home county over the last 18 months and my decision to down something that I long and hard about over a period of weeks . \" Bell to by former England batsman Jonathan Trott as captain of Warwickshire 's Championship side . The county 's sports director Ashley Giles Bell a \" brave \" decision to on batting . \" him solely on runs for Warwickshire and Birmingham Bears a huge asset to the club ,\" Giles . Warwickshire , who limited-overs silverware in Bell 's first season as captain , in Division One relegation trouble , five of their nine matches - four of them by an innings . Bell , the most capped international in Warwickshire history , 118 Tests , 161 one-day internationals and eight T20 matches , 345 runs from 14 innings , at an average of 24.64 . He not a Championship century since April 2016 . In the T20 Blast , he 251 runs in 12 matches at a strike rate of 117.29 , but he down the order after a run of poor scores at opener . not at all in the Bears' penultimate game , he out altogether for the final group game on Friday , which the Bears against Lancashire at Old Trafford to a place in the quarter-finals . New Zealand international Grant Elliott the side and will to so again for this Friday 's last-eight tie against Surrey at The Oval . Bell , who part of the Birmingham Bears T20 Blast title-winning side in 2014 , also the Big Bash in Australia last winter with Perth Scorchers .", "The policewoman , Sandra Bertin , in charge of security cameras . She she to the presence of national police units , although she not them . More than 80 people when a lorry crowds Bastille Day on 14 July . So-called Islamic State ( IS ) it behind the attack , which out by a Tunisian man , Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel . Ms Bertin the Journal du Dimanche ( in French ) she by an interior ministry official to the presence of national police units on the seaside Promenade des Anglais at the time of the attack . \" The national police perhaps there , but I could n't them on the video ,\" Ms Bertin . She the Journal du Dimanche she also \" for an hour \" by Mr Cazeneuve on the phone . The interior ministry there 64 members of the national police on the seafront - as per arrangements with Nice city hall . But the BBC 's Hugh Schofield in Paris Nice city hall some of these national police by municipal police - who more lightly armed and less able to to the killer . The suspicion - vehemently in Paris - that there a cover-up , our correspondent . Mr Cazeneuve he would for defamation over the \" grave accusations \" . The government criticism for not the attack , at a time when France in a state of emergency the extremist attacks in Paris in November last year . French ministers when they a ceremony in Nice to the victims . President Francois Hollande on Friday he \" full confidence \" in Mr Cazeneuve . Last week , local authorities in Nice a request by French anti-terror police to CCTV images of the attack . The Paris prosecutor 's office the request to the \" uncontrolled dissemination \" of images . But officials in Nice by a legal document , the footage could evidence .", "Hamilton to fourth behind the Ferraris of title leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen while team-mate Valtteri Bottas a maiden win . Hamilton : \" Big congratulations to Valtteri . Fantastic job and he the win . He fast all weekend . \" For me , just a very , very odd weekend . I just hopeful in the next races I will able to up the pace . \" Bottas' win the damage to Hamilton in the championship as much as possible - Vettel now by 13 points but it would 20 the German the race . \" It great we ahead of the Ferraris ,\" the Briton . \" It Sebastian away too far . \" Hamilton more than half a second slower than Bottas in qualifying and as the Finn a blistering start from third and the lead at the first corner , Hamilton not ground from fourth on the grid . The 32-year-old overheating problems as he Raikkonen in the first stint of the race and back over the pit-stop period to 25 seconds behind the Finn and 36 behind Bottas . \" I n't the last time we that [ overheating ],\" Hamilton . \" It I out of the race from the get-go . \" I I the pace to with Kimi but the car just the whole the time . I sure we will back to the drawing board and it out . \" Bottas Mercedes over the winter the retirement of world champion Nico Rosberg . Bottas his first win \" surreal \" , but : \" It a good feeling and I happy . \" He : \" I always I could good results if everything right and I always in my ability . But it nice to confirmation that the results possible . \" It quite a while , more than 80 races for me , but it definitely worth the wait . This strange opportunity to me in the winter to the team and they it possible , so I to them . \" Bottas into third place in the championship , 23 points behind Vettel and 10 behind Hamilton . He : \"[ the title ] always the only goal for me in my career but I not the chance to it . Now I the chance to I can races and titles . Two weeks ago people I the number two driver but today it very different . \"", "Haydn Harwood , 33 , the black spiders in \" every nook and cranny \" of the outside walls of his house and garage in Llanedeyrn . He his wife , Kayleigh , and any family members who afraid of into the garden . Tube spiders one of the UK 's largest , with bodies up 2.2cm ( 0.9in ) , with green iridescence on their jaws . Mr Harwood first the colony at his end-of-terrace home a year ago . He : \" They nocturnal creatures so I n't them until one night when I outside a cigarette because I not to in the house . \" I something , in and a flashlight and them all in the cracks of the walls . They in the eaves , all along the back wall , down the side of the house and under the kitchen window . \" It a bit of worry for our pets . \" We two cats and a Chihuahua and it would terrible if they by them . Tube web spiders - Segestria florentina He a friend for help to them but within three months the colony . Mr Harwood he Cardiff council for help . Experts the spiders in the Mediterranean and north Africa and their way to Britain on cargo ships . They the spiders now able and because of the UK 's increasingly mild climate .", "The profit a ' write back ' of \u00a3 27m in impairment charges . That money which aside to expected losses can now as loans better than . These the first performance figures the bank since a corporate reorganisation in 2015 . At that time the bank 's parent company , RBS , Ulster Bank 's Irish operation into separate businesses , north and south of the border . Richard Donnan , head of Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland , the results also a 6 % decline in operating costs from \u00a3 154m to \u00a3 145m . \" We still work to to our costs in order to our business in a sustainable way , but we significant progress on that front ,\" he . \" I pleased that we impairment write backs of \u00a3 27m , by residential and commercial property market conditions . \" In March , the bank it would nine of its 64 branches from October . Ulster Bank one of the big four local banks in Northern Ireland , about 2,200 staff . In 2016 RBS , which 72 %- government , a \u00a3 7bn annual loss .", "The victim 's body at Hedderley Walk , near St Ann 's Well Road , in the St Ann 's area just after 16:00 BST on Sunday . Several roads in the area off and officers out extra patrols of the area . The victim a 43-year-old man but no further details yet . Police for any witnesses to forward .", "Nearly 1.85 million requests for support last year , but just over 650,000 people help . Councils for a number of years that a shortage of funding problems . But the Health and Social Care Information Centre figures how difficult it for people to help . Only 144,000 of the requests for help in long-term care , which places in care homes or help in the home for tasks such as washing and dressing . Nearly 220,000 short-term help , such as rehabilitation after discharge from hospital , and another 300,000 low-level support such as aids and telecare . The rest either nothing or to help from charities , the NHS or from housing services . Unlike the NHS , social care not free and most people will something towards the cost of their care , with some the entire cost . Meanwhile , a separate survey of nearly 70,000 people who help their experiences of care . Some 65 % they extremely or very satisfied with their care and 26 % quite satisfied , but one in 10 not . One in 20 not clean or presentable and the same proportion they not always enough food and drink . Janet Morrison , chief executive of the charity Independent Age , the figures an \" alarming picture of services back to the bare bones \" . \" This a direct result of \u00a3 4.6bn cuts to social care budgets since 2010 and despite an population which the need for these services ,\" she . The figures after a coalition of health and care groups to the Treasury last month that the care sector to as the \" crisis \" people in danger . The government its spending plans would in November , but out that a \u00a3 5.4bn fund - the Better Care Fund - in April to NHS money for services that council-organised care . But Izzi Seccombe , of the Local Government Association , : \" We to a change to the current perverse funding system which , over the last five years , an increase in funding for the NHS but a decrease in funding for social care . \" This to councils to the essential support which people out of hospital and healthier and happier lives in their communities . \"", "Celia Castedo Bolivian media she that the plane barely enough fuel to the destination in Colombia . Ms Castedo in Brazil where she asylum . The crash 71 people , most of the Chapecoense football team . The plane the team to Colombia for the final of a regional tournament when it out of fuel , into a mountainside near the city of Medellin . In a tape , the pilot , Miguel Quiroga , can of a \" total electric failure \" and \" lack of fuel \" . In her letter ( in Spanish ) in the Bolivian media , Ms Castedo , who in air traffic control , she no authority to the flight , that with Bolivia 's civil aviation agency . She that instead of the flight , she to it , unnamed superiors of a cover-up . \" I to harassment and pressure from my superiors ... who me to the content of the report which hours earlier [ before the flight ] I ,\" she . \" on a careful examination , I five observations , one of the most important of which to the fuel economy of the flight , which to equal to the flight time . \" Bolivia 's Public Works Minister , Milton Claros , Ms Castedo 's allegations . \" There no observations to the flight plan ,'' Associated Press him as , with the minister Castedo of the document after the crash to her own errors . Other Bolivian officials the Brazilian authorities to her , with one Ms Castedo to justice . The head of the flight 's operator , Gustavo Vargas , over the crash . Just six people . One of them , crew member Erwin Tumuri , an initial stop for refuelling in the northern Bolivian city of Cobija by the pilot . There no warning to the crew or the passengers that the plane electrical or fuel problems , Mr Tumuri Brazil 's Globo TV .", "The woman , 37-year-old Wu Shuoyan , to last May simply for to over her phone number to cult members . The murder , on CCTV and on mobile phones , outrage . The Church of the Almighty God cult in China but to millions of members . the brutal killing in May , Chinese authorities that they hundreds of members of the cult , the BBC 's Martin Patience in Beijing . in prison later , one of the defendants , Zhang Lidong no remorse . He : \" I her with all my might and on her too . She a demon . We to her . \" The group a small McDonalds branch in Zhaoyuan in Shandong province last May phone numbers and to members to their cult . Ms Wu in the restaurant with her seven-year-old son and when she to her number , an act which the beating while they at other diners to away or they would the same fate . The public face of the Church of the Almighty God a website full of hymns and homilies . But its core belief that God to earth as a Chinese woman to the apocalypse . The only person who direct contact with this god a former physics teacher , Zhao Weishan , who the cult 25 years ago and since to the United States , BBC China Editor Carrie Gracie . No-one exactly where he , but much of the website 's message of outright hostility to the Chinese government in English as well as Chinese . The cult that religious faith from persecution by the Communist Party . Since the McDonald 's murder , public outrage the authorities to pressure on the Church of the Almighty God with almost daily arrests and raids .", "About 1,000 people to a minute of silence and light candles in front of the Senedd . There over 2,000 French people in south Wales with the French consulate in London . Marie Brousseau-Navarro , the Honorary Consul of France in Cardiff , messages of support . She : \" We united in shock and united in sorrow ... And with all the people who across the world . \" Saleem Kidwai , chairman of the Muslim Council of Wales by the crowd as he them to \" together shoulder to shoulder \" . \" My condemnation absolute ,\" he . \" We will eventually and wins over falsehood and light over darkness . \" First Minister Carwyn Jones among the many to up a candle for the silence , while others up pencils . The silence at the end by an applause . Earlier , he : \" The vigil in Cardiff Bay tonight an opportunity for the people of Wales to their respects to those who their lives in the truly abhorrent attack in Paris . \" It also a chance to solidarity with the people of France and all those who in our democratic values and freedoms that by such senseless acts of terror . \" Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb earlier : \" with the French community in Wales and in support of freedom of speech everywhere . 6pm this eve . Senedd , Cardiff . # CharlieHebdo \" In a show of unity , London landmarks in the colours of the French national flag . And world leaders in Paris for a huge unity march over one million people , Saturday 's marches that 700,000 to the streets . On Saturday , Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis his side 's goal in the 1-1 draw with West Ham to the victims of the Paris terror attacks . Wales' police forces and media organisations a minute 's silence to those in the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris on Wednesday . A police officer on Thursday and French forces two separate hostage sites in and around Paris , three hostage takers , on Friday . \" We really by the hundreds of messages of support and condolences ,\" Ms Brousseau-Navarro . \" Most of all we the support and solidarity . \"", "The 58-year-old from his position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year . Spireites director Ashley Carson the role now \" redundant \" . Turner , who Chesterfield in 2011 , the club website : \" I very disappointed to Chesterfield , but I can the situation and I on good terms . \"", "The Conservatives a report into the spending on the 218 \" procurement cards \" for government spending . A further \u00a3 475,540 in the first three months of 2015 / 16 . A review in April 2014 , but Welsh ministers they not the results of internal audits . However , all internal audits with the public spending watchdog , the Wales Audit Office . Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies : \" Unfortunately , the minister [ Finance Minister Jane Hutt ] to that report , which a number of questions unanswered : the taxpayer value for money ? \" The Tories they would public bodies to all spending of more than \u00a3 500 . A Welsh government spokesman : \" During the audit process for the Welsh government annual accounts , the Wales Audit Office the opportunity to all of the Welsh government 's financial transactions . \" If Mr Davies that civil servants improperly procurement cards then he should his concerns with the permanent secretary . \"", "The \u00a3 40m Pentland Studios project would studio space and production facilities in the Straiton area of the city . Creative Scotland \u00a3 1m towards the cost of a Scottish studio , while the Scottish government a further \u00a3 2m loan . Several organisations interested in other sites into studios .", "The city council that owners harsher fines for dog fouling and the public to part in a consultation . Dogs could from play areas in parks and owners limits on the number of dogs they for walks in public . officers would also the power to dogs on a lead . Councillor John Tanner , board member for the Cleaner Greener Oxford campaign , : \" There nothing more annoying than dog mess on your shoe or in the wheels of the pushchair . \" Oxford City Council to tough with irresponsible dog owners . \" The consultation until 31 January and a report to the city 's executive board in March . If , the new dog control orders would into effect on 1 April .", "Officials from Staffordshire County Council and the university the historic building , in the town centre , would an information centre for prospective students . A number of courses will also there . The courtroom and an art gallery in the Grade II-listed building will open to the public . Campaigners up a petition after the council it the exhibition space to money .", "A rare magnitude-four earthquake Greenland 's west coast on Sunday , a surge of water that away homes and to reports of a number of people . Joint Arctic Command , the group with the search and rescue mission , since images of the aftermath of the disaster and the BBC that it to the situation , that further incidents could place . Homes and away after a tsunami the village of Nuugaatsiaq , north-western Greenland . Rescuers liferafts to the area after four people . A number of injuries also after 39 people from Nuugaatsiaq . The surge of water to away 11 homes in the small village . The authorities the tsunami by a magnitude-four earthquake , which rare for the area . Police chief Bj\u00c3 \u00b8 rn Tegner Bay he unable to whether there fatalities . Meteorologists it \" not normal \" for such an earthquake to Greenland and of aftershocks .", "It at about 12:30 BST . The victim at the scene . Another man in a critical condition . The road to closed for a number of hours while a thorough investigation into the crash out .", "Mrs May will the first foreign leader to the new president after his inauguration . A post-Brexit free trade deal likely to high on her agenda as she to the US for talks . Confirmation of the meeting as hundreds of thousands of people around the world women 's marches to Mr Trump 's presidency . Mr Trump 's press secretary Sean Spicer details of Mrs May 's visit in his first briefing to journalists at the White House on Saturday . Earlier , while the CIA 's headquarters , President Trump the PM \" over to our country very shortly \" . Nato , the European Union , defence and Russia all likely to in the meeting . The BBC 's political correspondent Iain Watson the \" symbolism will very important \" and with Brexit negotiations about to under way , the fact Mrs May will the new president so soon will \" politically significant \" . Our correspondent there a lot of effort to sure Mrs May one of the first leaders President Trump would . In December the PM 's joint chiefs of staff , Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill , to the US to links with the incoming president 's team ahead of his inauguration on 20 January . Theresa May Trump on office In a statement after the inauguration , Mrs May : \" From our conversations to date , I we both committed to the special relationship between our two countries and together for the prosperity and security of people on both sides of the Atlantic . \" I forward to these issues and more when we in Washington . \" Mrs May to \" very frank \" discussions with Mr Trump . She the Financial Times she the new president the importance and significance of Nato and the \" importance of the co-operation we in Europe to our collective defence and collective security \" . On the day after his inauguration , at least 500,000 people for a rally outside the US Capitol building in Washington while organisers an 100,000 on central London on Saturday as similar events in major cities across the US and around the world .", "A monthly travelcard \u00a3 135 ($ 174 ) , to a Deutsche Bank report - \u00a3 33 ($ 43 ) more than Dublin , which second priciest city . Auckland , where a ticket \u00a3 95 ($ 123 ) , third , while New York City , at \u00a3 91 ($ 118 ) , fourth , and Tokyo fifth at \u00a3 86 ($ 111 ) . Transport for London ( TfL ) the findings \" not the true cost of transport in other countries \" . The survey also the cost of travel in the capital since 2014 , when commuters \u00a3 165 ($ 213 ) . Source : Deutsche Bank Its authors London tenth most expensive for petrol , and the third for car hire . Hong Kong the priciest petrol , while Amsterdam the most expensive for a daily car rental , the report . London 's taxis slightly better , 20th in a list of 47 cities , with Zurich the list for the most expensive fares . For quality of life , London 33rd in the world , similar to other \" mega cities \" such as Tokyo , Paris and New York . to the report , these cities \" very low \" for quality of life , mostly due to \" high living costs , crime , pollution and commuting time \" . \" This highly subjective and one person 's long commute may another person 's chance to up on Netflix ,\" the report . \" Megacity dwellers may also short-term quality of life for aspirational reasons ,\" the report . Wellington , in New Zealand , as the best city to in in terms of quality of life , by Edinburgh , Vienna . Melbourne and Zurich . In February , TfL its fares income down \u00a3 90m last year . TfL currently to \u00a3 16bn from its budget by 2020 / 21 as it to self sufficient with its operating costs . The Mayor of London , Sadiq Khan , fares on buses and trams until 2020 , but travelcard prices by train operating companies and so not under full TfL control . A TfL spokesman : \" London also one of the most extensive set of travel concessions in the world with free or discounted travel for children , the over-60s , students and veterans . \"", "The Gills , who 20th in League One last season , eight players so far this summer . But the season with a 0-0 draw to Doncaster and a 2-0 loss to Reading , Pennock more recruits . \" They to the right players , the right characters and more importantly they to good players ,\" Pennock , 46 , . \" Everybody together in the right direction - it a good room and if we can two or three more I 'll very happy . \" Although the club still on the lookout for new additions , Pennock pleased with those who already . Gillingham in defenders Gabriel Zakuani , Luke O'Neill , Connor Ogilvie and Alex Lacey , strikers Liam Nash , Conor Wilkinson and Tom Eaves and midfielder Billy Bingham . \" Overall , I happy with every single one of them - all of the new lads who in to what we , they absolutely first-class ,\" Pennock BBC Radio Kent . \" I it the others on who here last year as well . The whole club at the moment in a good place . \"", "It will more than 100 titles to Steam 's online store and streaming service , The Hunger Games , Twilight , and Saw franchises . The full range available to US users initially , with European customers access to a small selection . Lionsgate availability would during a global rollout . Steam , which by game developer Valve , the most popular digital games retailer , with more than 125 million users . The platform games through direct download , with extra gaming features like a friends' list and voice communication , into the client . It not the first time Steam video through its store . Game trailers and advertisements available for years , and it previously gaming-related documentaries Free to Play and Indie Game : The Movie . It also a deal to the Mad Max film franchise to with the release of the video game of the same name last year . The deal with Lionsgate , however , the first large-scale agreement with a major production company . A spokesperson for Valve Lionsgate 's blockbuster franchises the type of entertainment it will the expansion of their content catalogue . On launch , the worldwide selection to 11 older titles , between \u00c2 \u00a3 3.49 - \u00c2 \u00a3 5.59 for a 48-hour rental - in line with other online rental prices for new releases . Unlike some of its competitors , however , Steam on almost any computer platform - Linux and Mac - but not yet its streaming service to mobile apps . \" Valve a track record of beyond games with its Steam platform by other forms of software and as a company willing to out various technologies and commercial models to what ,\" Piers Harding-Rolls , head of games research at IHS Technology . \" Steam also a global distribution platform with users in all major markets and , for now , very little video content competition . It also with Valve 's move into virtual reality with Steam VR , where platforms advantage of 2D video content which through VR headsets . \" I this a smart move from Lionsgate and could a decent incremental revenue stream from its catalogue . \"", "Among those his brother-in-law and one of the two pilots who Guzman to his home state . Mexico 's attorney general a member of Guzman 's legal team , as the mastermind , also . Guzman , head of the Sinaloa cartel , from a high-security prison through a specially tunnel . Attorney General Arely Gomez reporters on Wednesday that the mastermind of the escape repeatedly Altiplano prison to Guzman and him on the operation 's progress . She also Guzman 's brother-in-law the construction of the mile-long escape tunnel and transport . \" Today we able to that the group responsible for planning , and out the escape from outside the prison up ,\" Ms Gomez , without the suspects . The development days after officials the drugs lord face and leg injuries when he narrowly a police operation to him in north-west Mexico earlier this month . Ms Gomez on Wednesday that after his escape , Guzman by land to the city of Queretaro , from where he a small plane to his home state of Sinaloa . His escape an embarrassment for Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto , who Guzman on Twitter after the event . Several prison officials already under suspicion of inside help to Guzman , who through a tunnel that 1.5km from under a shower in his cell to outside the prison . Guzman first in Guatemala in 1993 and nearly a decade in another maximum-security Mexican jail before , reportedly in a laundry basket . He on the run for 13 years before again in 2014 after a series of high-profile arrests of associates and covert surveillance by the US authorities .", "Wick Joint Campus to Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries . It will also community facilities which will available to the public . Highland Council its contractor Hub North Scotland ( Wick ) Ltd it of delays the completion of the site . The local authority : \" Regrettably it unlikely that the campus will ready to in October , as . \" Highland Council the best facilities possible for children and staff , and will not these buildings until work . \" The council with the contractor to what the earliest possible date for completion of the whole Wick Joint Campus project , and will further announcements as soon as possible . \"", "Ministers all pupils in England to maths , English , science , one of history or geography and a modern language at GCSE . But some young people \" will it a problem \" Sir Michael Wilshaw , the Times Educational Supplement ( TES ) . Sir Michael vocational subjects would some pupils better . In particular he whether the academic subjects in the government 's Ebacc would the best thing for pupils who to apprenticeships when they school . \" I can of youngsters , even at the highest-performing schools , who will it a problem and who would better to English , maths and science and a range of vocational subjects ,\" he the magazine . In June , the Education Secretary Nicky Morgan she all pupils to to the five traditional subjects in the Ebacc school performance measure . to Mrs Morgan the move would all pupils a rigorous academic education and pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds off academic subjects . In addition , the Conservative manifesto that schools which not 100 % of pupils this set of subjects at GCSE should not able to Ofsted 's top rating of \" outstanding \" . Both policies will subject to a government consultation later in the autumn . Sir Michael the TES he more young people should these subjects - but the combination not suitable for everyone . The Association of School and College Leaders , which secondary heads , Sir Michael 's challenge to government policy . General Secretary Brian Lightman the union his concerns . He a recent survey by the union almost 90 % of school leaders with these subjects compulsory for all pupils . \" It unfair on young people to a one-size-fits-all approach to their education . \" We concerned that creative , technology and vocational subjects will out of the curriculum . \" Mr Lightman the union would ministers to the choice of GCSE subjects more flexible . The Department for Education an additional league table measure , Progress 8 , pupils to a wider range of subjects . \" As part of Progress 8 , pupils will able to up to three of our new gold-standard Tech Awards which will a real foundation for progression on to vocational courses apprenticeships ,\" a spokesman .", "The base will home to HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales , the largest ships ever for the navy . Work on Portsmouth 's jetty , in the 1920s and last in the 1970s , , with upgrades to next autumn . It part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 100m infrastructure package to the base for the arrival of the first carrier . HMS Queen Elizabeth 280m ( 300 yards ) long and can up to 500 miles ( 800km ) a day . The ship 's systems and it will sea trials next year before over to the Royal Navy . It to into service in 2020 . HMS Prince of Wales at shipyards around the UK before it at Rosyth . Once , the naval base to hundreds of jobs in Portsmouth . In November 2013 , BAE Systems it shipbuilding in Portsmouth , to 585 voluntary redundancies , 160 compulsory redundancies , and the redeployment of 175 members of staff .", "Stuart Hamilton , 37 , last by his friends and family two weeks ago . Hamilton , from Gorgie in Edinburgh , on CCTV at Haymarket Station on Sunday at 10:16 . He then by train to Manchester . He then by a former colleague near Buckingham Palace in London on Tuesday at 13:30 . Mr Hamilton white and of medium build . He about 6ft 2in with short , dark , receding hair . He last a blue top along with a black hooded top , blue jeans and white trainers . He also a dark rucksack . Police Scotland with Greater Manchester Police and the Metropolitan Police Service . Insp Jonathan Elliot , of Police Station , : \" We our search for Stuart , which now to London . \" Anyone who Stuart 's whereabouts in either Edinburgh , Manchester or London , or his description , to police immediately . \"", "The angel shark , once widespread across Europe , now as critically endangered , with waters around the Canary Islands the only place they frequently . But there sightings off the Welsh coast . Fishermen to all accidental catches of the shark . They also advice by Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) scientists on how to safely and them . Angel sharks can up to about 2.5m ( 8ft ) in length . They also as monk or monkfish by fishermen in the region . They not to humans , mainly on sand or mud at the bottom of the sea and on small fish and molluscs . Ben Wray , marine biodiversity ecologist at NRW , : \" We very little about the ecology of the shark in Welsh waters at the moment - the population could present all year round , or only for part of the year . \" The fact that commercial fishermen and anglers along the coast of Wales us with this research really important . \" We that the data we will us a much better picture of the situation and our work to these amazing creatures . \"", "29 July 2016 Last at 08:38 BST It now the Pacific Ocean and video from a helicopter the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano off the cliffs . Officials there that the lava n't any towns in danger but tourists to their distance .", "Denis O'Brien the injunction to RT\u00c9 from details of his personal finances and relationship with former Anglo Irish Bank . Last week , a judge permission for the media to details about Mr O'Brien's finances under privilege in the D\u00e1il ( parliament ) . RT\u00c9 lawyers as a result there no need for the injunction to . The media mogul 's fortune to around \u00a3 5bn . the granting of the injunction , the purchase of one of Mr O'Brien's companies in the D\u00e1il . The comments by TD Catherine Murphy under privilege . She Mr O'Brien the former Anglo Irish Bank , now the Irish Bank Resolution Corporation ( IBRC ) , upwards of 500m euro (\u00a3 362m ) . Ms Murphy , an independent left-wing TD , Mr O'Brien to loans back at an interest rate of just over 1 % , when it arguable that the correct rate should over 7 % . In response to her comments , lawyers for RT\u00c9 and the Irish Times to the high court to clarity over whether her remarks could in light of the injunction . A judge the media organisations that he never nor could he any interference with what a TD may under privilege in the D\u00e1il . The application by RT\u00c9 to the injunction to a broadcast certain information Mr O'Brien's relationship with IBRC . Lawyers for Mr O'Brien they that comments by the Sinn F\u00e9in TD Pearse Doherty in the D\u00e1il on Tuesday evening , there nothing in the RT\u00c9 script that that further restraint . The lawyer that as far as he , the script in its entirety could , as a result of events that outside the courtroom . On Tuesday , Mr Doherty details of what he documents to Mr O'Brien's IBRC loans during a debate in the D\u00e1il . The Sinn F\u00e9in finance spokesman he documents which to questions about the way IBRC in the public interest .", "A team statement Henao , 28 , by cycling 's body and an anti-doping agency about data between August 2011 and June 2015 . The Colombian he \" beyond disappointed \" , three months in 2014 over similar concerns . \" I who I , how hard I and the sacrifices I to where I today ,\" he . Henao voluntarily by Team Sky in 2014 while they out research into the biological characteristics of riders who and at high altitude . They the results nothing to suspicions of wrongdoing . Team Sky Henao not a doping test and because of the \" very obvious distraction to him \" . \" We to Sergio and confident in the independent scientific research which ,\" the team . \" It our hope that this can at and quickly by all the relevant authorities so Sergio can again soon . \" A specialist climber , Henao with Team Sky in 2012 and in the top 10 in his first Grand Tour , the 2012 Giro d'Italia .", "Kevin Patrick Dawes , 33 , in 2012 as he Syria . US officials the Washington Post that the Syrian government never Mr Dawes , but they the government or an affiliated group him . The State Department Mr Dawes over to Russian authorities . The Russia government the government of President Bashar al-Assad amid a civil war , which now in its sixth year . The Czech government , which US diplomatic interests in Syria , his release . State Department spokesman John Kirby the US with the Czech officials to Austin Tice and other or Americans in Syria . Mr Tice , a journalist , in August 2012 while in Syria . He in a video a month after his abduction but not from since .", "Jason Van Dyke as he at court where he six counts of first-degree murder . Video earlier this year the shooting of Laquan McDonald an outcry and the resignation of the chief of police . A federal investigation into the city 's police under way amid a national debate about the police use of force . The inquiry will whether race a part in the police use of force and whether officers properly accountable . McDonald , who 17 at the time , with a knife when he by police . But the dashcam footage him away from police when Mr Van Dyke fire . Step-by-step guide to what How a whistleblower down the police chief Days of protests the release of the video , which President Barack Obama \" disturbing \" . There calls for Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel to and Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy his job . On Saturday , Mr Emanuel the city \" answers \" after a police officer accidentally and a 55-year-old woman when to a domestic disturbance . to the Washington Post , Bettie Jones also as a community activist who out on issues such as police brutality .", "BBC Wales Sport the Gills an enquiry for Byrne , before Edinburgh his mind over a player he to Rodney Parade . Edinburgh to the pursuit out of respect for his old club , who he from 2011-2015 , so as not to their battle against relegation . They currently 20th in League Two , seven points above the relegation zone . Meanwhile , Newport the release of defender Matt Taylor . The 34-year old from Cheltenham in the summer but just five appearances for the south Wales club . \" Further to recent discussions , we can that Matt Taylor will the Club with immediate effect mutually to his contract ,\" a statement from the club . Taylor to a target for Torquay United .", "This baby can a 1400 revolutions per minute spin in the washing machine . You could it for easy laundering . The Bank of England it cleaner and more secure than the cotton paper notes which for the past 100 years . But we a conservative lot in Northern Ireland : Perhaps we our lucre filthy . For people in Northern Ireland , plastic fivers nothing new . To the Millennium , the old Northern Bank ( now Danske ) the slippery clean fiver to local pockets in 2000 . Two million of the notes in October 1999 . It not quite the same into the back trouser pocket . But then again , neither it the dirt from fingers in a greasy till or handbag to quite the same degree . That more than 16 years ago , and the trusty paper notes still strong . If you a polymer note these days in Belfast , up and you might a pig past city hall . In 2005 , the Northern Bank all of its bank notes shortly after \u00a3 26.5m from its head office by the IRA . The plastic fiver the only type of note not . Paul Black from Danske Bank that when the plastic fiver , it Northern Bank \" away ahead of its time . \" \" We to innovative and first on the market . Over time that a little , because other banks not . At the time it quite popular ,\" he . \" It a real buzz . People it unusual . They it to monopoly money . \" Down the backs of which sofas the lost plastic fivers ? Who ? But on a well-known internet auction site one seller for \u00a3 125 for the plastic note . The governor of the Bank of England , Mark Carney , the new note would cleaner , safer and stronger . \" The use of polymer it can better repeatedly into wallets or up inside pockets , and can also a spin in the washing machine ,\" he . While the notes not indestructible , they to an average of five years to the current fiver 's two years . New security features - such as a transparent window - will the note harder to .", "\" I would n't I tough ... just lucky \" , Reg Foggerdy who last month while a feral camel in Western Australia . Police trackers him under a tree on 12 October , around 15km ( 9 miles ) from where he missing . A diabetic who recently a heart attack , he he up hope . \" I of people after three days with no water , I n't why I six days ,\" he 7News . \" There a piece of me that to there and away . I of my family who would me there . \" only a T-shirt , shorts , a cap and flip-flops , Mr Foggerdy disorientated in the fierce heat of the desert after the camel . He he a stick into an ants nest and the insects for nutrition , a tactic he he from British survival expert Bear Grylls . \" They quite good . On the first day I about 12 and on the second day about 18 . If they to me ant man I n't ,\" he . The retired miner he police search helicopters several times , all his energy to his hat at the sky , but rescuers could not him . In the end , a local Aboriginal man police with the vital clue - Mr Foggerdy 's slipper print . After so close to death , he that he a new lease on life . But whether he would to the site of his ordeal he : \" I might back and for me gun \" .", "Media playback not on this device Sadio Mane twice in the space of 138 seconds as second-placed Spurs at Anfield . \" If you a game like we then it very difficult ,\" Pochettino . \" It difficult to for the Premier League if you that lack of desire to for a win . \" Chelsea can their lead at the top if they Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday , and Pochettino : \" If Chelsea 12 points clear , it a big problem . \" Spurs just twice on the road since 24 September , defeats at Chelsea and Manchester United in addition to draws at fellow top-six rivals Arsenal and Manchester City . In their past 17 meetings with the other top-six sides away from home , Pochettino 's team just once . \" In the first 45 minutes you a team that not ready to for the Premier League ,\" the Argentine BT Sport . \" We in a position that up to us . But if you like today that you cannot with the pressure then it difficult to and for the Premier League . \" Former Liverpool and Spurs midfielder Danny Murphy on Match of the Day \" I could n't what I , they the best defensive record last season and the joint best this year , but they all over the place . Against the big sides they with a back three but they a back four today , but I they should with what they against the big sides - play with a three . \" It so unlike Spurs , they so well at home , but the contrast amazing . There a lack of pace , and a different mindset when they away from home . They to and quickly . \"", "Swiss Xhaka , 24 , to with a friend who him in London and home . The man to late for his flight back to Germany and not to . It at this point that the racial abuse to . Arsenal to other than to it a private matter that now in the hands of the police . A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police the BBC : \" Police at 19:29 GMT on Monday , 23 January an allegation that a member of staff racially at Heathrow Airport , Terminal Five . \" The allegation by a third party . Officers and with a man in his 20s . He not . He voluntarily a west London police station where he under caution . Enquires . \" The incident just over 24 hours after Xhaka off during his team 's 2-1 victory over Burnley in the Premier League .", "Alexander Ankvab reportedly to his home town Gudauta , 40km ( 25 miles ) away , when talks with the opposition down . Many people in the Russian-backed region unhappy with the economy and lack of reforms . But Abkhazian nationalist feeling also the unrest . By Michael CecireForeign Policy Research Institute The 2014 Sochi Olympics as a way of the economy by tourism to Abkhazia or materials for construction , but the most noticeable effect actually a source of frustration : the security cordon that beyond the Russia-Abkhazia border . Some economic problems can certainly to the de facto government , but it Russia that the real power to conditions . For example , the Moscow-financed building boom in Chechnya material conditions ( even if human rights a deep problem ) , but nothing comparable in Abkhazia . However , the opposition 's chief point of contention Alexander Ankvab 's more liberal ( relatively speaking ) policy towards ethnic Georgians in Abkhazia . He more fully them , them Abkhazian \" citizenship \" . The opposition this as a purely political ploy to his electoral base and it could Abkhazia 's ethnic Abkhazian identity . Analysis : Unrest in Abkhazia The protesters by Raul Khadzhimba , a former prime minister and vice-president of Abkhazia , who by Mr Ankvab in elections in August 2011 . The Black Sea coastal region as a state only by Russia and a few other countries . It away from Georgia after a civil war more than 20 years ago and formal independence in 2008 . Since then , it militarily and financially on Russia . Russia reportedly two senior officials , presidential aide Vladislav Surkov and deputy security council secretary Rashid Nurgaliyev , to Sukhumi in response to the crisis . Opinion among the opposition to between those who Abkhazia to less on Russia and those who instead it to part of Russia . Mr Ankvab the opposition of a coup on Tuesday and the security forces \" loyal to the state \" and \" measures to the situation \" . Raul Khadzhimba the protests , : \" Over all the years of his rule the president not anybody in his circle to their work . \" He upon himself everybody 's responsibilities on their behalf , whether he should or should not this . That to our country in fact an authoritarian regime . In a statement , the Russian foreign ministry : \" The Russian side events closely and with concern ... and it important that socio-political processes exclusively along legal lines . \"", "Anagha Nikam by rail when she a mother to milk for her baby daughter . She to the ministry and for help , and milk at the next station . The ministry for proactive on Twitter , and many distressed passengers in the past . The baby in a bank queue in India 's cash crisis Mother names baby in taxi ' Uber ' Ms Nikam 's Twitter communication with Konkan Railway , a division of Indian Railways , on 12 March , but the story to light after the ministry about it on Thursday . She in the Happa Express in the western state of Maharashtra when she social media to help for the family . Here how her Twitter exchange with rail staff : Ms Nikam not the only who the officials - others the ministry too for proactive .", "The video for You In Love With A Psycho band members around a mental institution with presenter Noel Fielding and Taboo actor Stephen Graham . Mental health campaigners Time to Change the video into a \" sad and tired \" stereotype . The BBC Kasabian for a response . The video the celebrity stars and Kasabian band members flesh-coloured hospital gowns and medication before their fellow residents for an aerobics-inspired dance routine . Time to Change , a movement to public attitude towards people with mental health problems , the video - with the use of the word psycho - \" unhelpful \" . Singer Tom Meighan previously about his own mental health . In an interview with Q magazine , he the impact of a friend 's death and how he himself ill . Director of Time to Change , Sue Baker , : \" As so many musicians recently openly about their experiences of mental health problems it disappointing to this video . \" The use of the word ' psycho ' in a song and music video people to psychiatric inpatients unhelpful , damaging and disappointing when society on from this sad and tired stereotype . \" She while the harm may \" unintentional , or misjudged irony \" , the video will \" only to stigma \" . Ms Baker : \" If fans it OK to people with mental health problems who psychiatric inpatients ' psychos ' , then we back the tide of progress on public attitudes that more respectful and less judgemental of people with mental health problems . \" We keen to with the band and the music industry to outdated stereotypes and stigma . \" You In Love With A Psycho the first single from Kasabian 's forthcoming sixth album , For Out Loud .", "Nearly 25,000 signatures - 10 % of Cardiff 's voters - to a vote on the issue . But Labour councillor Ashley Govier BBC Wales only about 8,000 . Cardiff council 's Labour group it \" willing to the lead from public opinion on this issue \" . The Mayor for Cardiff campaign earlier this year with a budget of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 20,000 . Daran Hill , from the campaign , at the time that an mayor a \" new , fresh idea \" that could \" the people of Cardiff \" . There currently 17 directly-elected mayors in England with more on the way , but there none in Wales . Mr Govier , a councillor for Cardiff 's Grangetown ward , the debate \" on \" and a regional mayor now . \" We not to the target , especially because the council to online petitions ,\" he . \" We we the debate on and the focus now to to a regional mayor for south east Wales . We to bigger . \" Mr Govier the Cardiff Capital Region City Deal - a funding package between UK , Welsh and local government worth \u00c2 \u00a3 1.2bn over 20 years - to \" because of governance \" . \" The region to together on infrastructure and transport ,\" he . \" A regional mayor . \" He there \" sympathetic ears throughout the region and across political parties \" . Ceredigion the only Welsh local authority to a referendum on the matter . Voters there the idea in 2004 by a margin of nearly three to one . A spokeswoman for Cardiff council 's Labour group : \" Cardiff Labour willing to the lead from public opinion on this issue , and as we there very little interest in a further level of bureaucracy . \" The City Deal definitely not and forward , despite uncertainty by Brexit . \" It will a huge boost for Cardiff and the region , and suggestions to the contrary just mischief . \" A Wales Office spokesman : \" The Cardiff City Deal the biggest of its kind in the UK and we confident this ambitious project on target . \" The Welsh Government to in response to Mr Govier 's comments .", "Gosport 's HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse among 91 Ministry of Defence sites now to - 35 previously . The town 's borough council the loss of more than 1,000 sailors from the area would the economy . Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon the closures on Monday . He the closures would better value for money and enough land across the UK to 55,000 homes . It also that about \u00c2 \u00a3 140m will over the next decade by off the sites , which Sir Michael would in \" areas of military expertise \" in locations across the country , a infantry group in Aldershot . Leader of Gosport Borough Council , Mark Hook , : \" We relieved the majority of jobs will in the area , but we 'll the economic benefits of more than 1,000 sailors in the town . \" He the authority could not the sale of the land , but it would to the \" best possible outcomes \" for the town . He it would \" assurances \" from the MoD that the sites could for business use . \" We to the impact on the area by these sites to business spaces that will with them opportunities and jobs to local people ,\" he . Unions the plans - which part of a review of Ministry of Defence land - as \" brutal \" and also to the closures .", "HM Revenue & Customs the plant , on the outskirts of the city centre , could taxpayers nearly \u00c2 \u00a3 138m a year in duty and taxes . Four lorry loads of tobacco , cigarettes and packing materials . Ten men , between 26 and 40 from Brazil and Paraguay , on suspicion of immigration offences . more news for Birmingham and the Black Country Customs officials the building out with machinery able to and cigarettes on an industrial scale . The raid place over several days last week but details only just . A number of men by immigration enforcement officers . A nearby residence also . Stuart Taylor , HMRC 's Fraud Investigation Service assistant director , : \" Tobacco fraud the UK \u00c2 \u00a3 2.4 billion a year in tax , money that should vital public services in the UK . \" Sajeela Naseer , Birmingham City Council 's head of trading standards , the investigation into the cigarettes .", "A report the force inadequate at vulnerable victims . Surrey Police boss Nick Ephgrave the force good at crime but this potentially at the expense of investigations . Inspector Zoe Billingham Surrey a \" commendably strong commitment to people safe from harm \" . She the force strong , mature neighbourhood police teams who well with councils , and neighbourhood officers more training than in other forces . But she : \" The way the force more complex crime specialist investigations still not good enough . \" Many investigations that we not of an acceptable standard and there long delays in computers and mobile phones for evidence . \" She the force to its understanding of the threat by organised crime , its process for those groups , and fully its neighbourhood teams in the fight against organised crime . Mr Ephgrave , temporary chief constable , the force already concerns by resources to the vulnerable , and more training , better process and use of systems , and a culture change in how the force . He : \" None of these things can an instant fix but together they to positive results . \" A separate report by HM Inspectorate of Constabulary ( HMIC ) in December last year Surrey Police 's approach to vulnerable people to inadequate . Surrey police and crime commissioner Kevin Hurley changes already in place , a change in chief constable . This month it that Mr Hurley Ms Owens' dismissal as Surrey Police chief . She last autumn to to her new role as director general of the National Crime Agency Mr Hurley : \" When we at where the buck , it with the team manager . \" But he the force already around , with reductions in robbery and burglary , improvements in violent crime and rape investigations , praise for the force 's action on anti-social behaviour . The BBC Ms Owens for a comment . In a previous response , she blame to her \" ill-considered and inaccurate \" . \" I to my current role by the Home Secretary after a lengthy and thorough process and now on the National Crime Agency in its fight to serious and organised crime ,\" she .", "The corporation users subscription fees to programmes via the app in Western Europe , Australia and Canada . However , it never to the US . Reports American pay-TV operators to the BBC America channel if the app locally because they it would them viewers . Both BBC America and the international edition of iPlayer some of the corporation 's best programmes , Doctor Who , Top Gear , Sherlock and David Attenborough 's natural history documentaries . Press releases always the online facility as a \" pilot \" to \" consumer insights \" . BBC Worldwide - the broadcaster 's commercial arm - first it to support for the Global iPlayer app in October 2013 , it would instead on material available via the BBC.com website . The corporation the point in its annual review last July , but until now not an exact shut-off date . \" As in July 2014 , the service will this year as ,\" a spokeswoman . \" The service will on 26 June . \" She to usage statistics . The global iPlayer app first available as an iOS app in July 2011 but never beyond Apple 's platform . European users a \u20ac 5.99 (\u00a3 4.30 ) monthly fee , while Canadians and Australians a slightly cheaper rate of 6.99 Canadian dollars (\u00a3 3.70 ) and 7.49 Australian dollars (\u00a3 3.80 ) . The content distinct from that via the UK version , older shows from the corporation 's library in addition to recently programmes . In total , more than 2,000 hours of shows on offer on the global edition of iPlayer , Gavin and Stacey , Fawlty Towers , Planet Earth and \" classic \" episodes of Doctor Who . Users of the switch-off , and auto-renewing subscriptions . \" We would to all of our subscribers for the service . We now plans to new digital services across multiple devices ,\" a statement on BBC Worldwide 's site .", "The building in Hammersmith 's Margravine Cemetery , London in 1869 , Grade II listing . Families unable to immediately for a burial previously to dead relatives in their homes , to cholera outbreaks in the city . Historic England the store \" ghoulish and absolutely fascinating \" . Director of Roger Bowdler many to their relatives' bodies in their small cramped homes during the early 1800s , \" so you the cheek-by-jowl with the dead \" . The small octagonal building for the dead before funerals , an example of the facilities by Edwin Chadwick , secretary to the Poor Law Commission , who a review of sanitary conditions . The store also people 's fears that their relatives would before they actually . The use of reception houses out with the introduction of undertakers in the 1880s and the building the sole survivor of its kind in the capital , to Historic England . Heritage minister Tracey Crouch the building \" an important part of London 's history \" as it \" us a glimpse into how cholera outbreaks Victorian attitudes to burials and public health . \" the listing could funding for any conservation work on the reception house .", "The image , by Hadi Asadi from Iran , the US president a jacket of dollar bills and with yellow hair . Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran similar contests in the past on themes the Islamic State group and the Holocaust . This year 's logo on the Nazi emblem , with a T instead of a swastika . It many comparisons between the US president and Nazism . \" The ' ism ' in Trumpism a reference to racism and Nazism ,\" organiser Masuod Shojai Tabatabaei the Associated Press . \" Many his remarks similar to Hitler . He a bad attitude toward media [ and ] refugees . \" The group 's Holocaust-themed cartoon contest last year condemnation from Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu . But organisers it to Western double standards on free speech rather than doubt on the Nazi genocide . Others depictions in this year 's competition on Mr Trump 's promises to a wall on the US-Mexican border as well as violence against women and attacks on the media . Entrants several cartoonists from the US and the UK . American Clayton Jones 's artwork the cover of two copies of Time magazine , one with President Trump 's picture and the other with Adolf Hitler . They both as Time 's Person of the Year with Mr Trump Hitler : \" It a great honor \" and in return Hitler \" Ja . \"", "James Chester the decisive penalty with Vale 's Richard Duffy the only man to from the spot . Over 120 minutes , Vale Albion , who again wantaway striker Saido Berahino out of their side . The Baggies' Salomon Rondon the best chance of the game - the crossbar from close range .", "The 29-year-old the U 's on a free in May 2015 but only six appearances for the League Two side . He part of last season on loan at Stevenage and also time with Luton and Preston . \" I very excited to here . I hard throughout pre-season and I desperate to back football ,\" Keane the club website . all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "Police Scotland two men into the farm house near to Corsock , Castle Douglas , between 23:30 on Thursday and 01:00 on Friday . They items a number of war medals , gold watches and antiques . Officers for information and the robbers may \" \" the property before the raid . Det Sgt Graeme Robertson : \" I that whoever into this house what they for - that the medals , watches and antiques . \" Thankfully the householder , a woman , who in the house at the time , not but she very upset by what . \" The men as well , with Scottish accents , of average height and build and dark clothing . One of the men a balaclava and gloves . \" Due to the rural location of the house and the items , we that the two men would to the use of a car . \" It also entirely possible that they may in the area before the break in ' casing ' the house so I would anyone who may any suspicious behaviour around the area during this time , or anyone who may these items for sale , to police . \"", "Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon \" My thoughts with everyone in this tragic incident , and especially with the friends and families of the six people who their lives in what another sad day for Glasgow and Scotland . \" Prime Minister David Cameron \" I fully on the major incident in Glasgow . My thoughts with the families of those and the emergency services . \" Labour leader Ed Miliband \" Terrible news from Glasgow - my thoughts with all those by this horrific accident . \" Secretary of State for Scotland Alistair Carmichael \" I Scotland 's deep shock at the horrible events in Glasgow this afternoon . On the eve of the festive period , these unimaginable scenes in one of the busiest parts of our largest city . \" Church of Scotland Moderator John Chalmers \" The news from the city centre of Glasgow just a few days before Christmas simply devastating . For the second year in a row Glaswegians will to deep into their reserves of compassion and sympathy as they the families of those who and today . \" Glasgow Archbishop Philip Tartaglia \" The circumstances could hardly more tragic . I would any person of faith to for those who and their relatives and those who . \" Glasgow City Council leader Gordon Matheson \" This a terrible tragedy and our thoughts and prayers with all those , particularly the families of those who their lives . \" Glasgow Lord Provost Sadie Docherty \" This shocking and upsetting . My thoughts and prayers with the families of those by this terrible incident . \" Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy \" People in Glasgow and across the whole of Scotland will this loss of life so close to Christmas . No words will able to justice to the pain the families will this evening . \" Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson \" This a terrible tragedy , right in the heart of Scotland 's biggest city . No-one that ordinary people , out to some last-minute Christmas shopping , would to it home .", "Ben Earl , Alex Mitchell and Josh Bayliss England 's tries , with Max Malins one conversion . Asafo Aumua three of New Zealand 's 10 . Scotland fifth place with a 24-17 victory over Australia , by a last-minute try from Charlie Shiel . Wales Italy 25-24 to seventh , while Ireland hosts Georgia 24-18 for ninth . England Wales , Samoa and Australia to top Pool A , before a 24-22 victory over South Africa their spot in the final . New Zealand Scotland , Italy and Ireland to Pool B , France 39-26 in the semi-finals . South Africa France 37-15 in the third-place play-off .", "The carriageway between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services , with congestion back as far as junction 15a for Towcester . Police to the incident at about 18:45 BST on Thursday and also two northbound lanes . A Northamptonshire Police spokesman traffic around in an attempt to it off the motorway .", "Ross-shire Engineering the potential investment across the next five years equipment to Scottish Water . The firm in Muir of Ord already 100 new jobs to it the needs of the utility company . The investment also additional job security to the 273 staff members . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon the company 's premises near Inverness on Monday , a tour of Nigg Energy Park on the Cromarty Firth . She : \" a strong rural economy crucial to Scotland 's success . \" This funding Ross-Shire Engineering a hugely welcome boost in skilled jobs and investment across the Highlands , as well as vital utility services to Scotland 's homes and businesses . \" In particular , I delighted they will in their already strong apprenticeship job programme , vital training and employment to young people in the Highlands in a competitive jobs market . \" The first minister : \" Last week when I out my Programme for Government I to Scotland 's interests , particularly our economic interests , in the wake of the EU referendum . \" sustainable economic growth at the heart of that , and I committed to this government all it can to Scotland 's rural economy prosperous for future generations . \"", "Marie Logie 's body in her first-floor flat in Green Gates , Leven , at 20:00 on Tuesday . She last alive at 08:00 that day . Mrs Logie head injuries and dead at the scene by the Scottish Ambulance Service . Her family tribute to the \" beloved mother , grandmother and friend \" . They Mrs Logie would sadly , that she \" , and in the Leven area all her life \" . \" The family the police in the investigation and to alone at this difficult time ,\" they . Detectives there no signs of a break in and so far no clear motive but they Mrs Logie in \" a brutal \" way . Mrs Logie to independent , capable and an active member of the local church . She the festive period with one of her sons in England , home in the new year . Police Mrs Logie 's neighbour to her in the morning . She the neighbour she to the shops and then to the hospital to a friend . When the neighbour not from Mrs Logie again he to and her dead in her home . Det Ch Insp Keith Hardie , of Police Scotland , : \" She a brutal head injury . \" An 82-year-old woman in the safety of her own home to such a brutal attack horrendous . \" \" Whoever responsible for Mary 's death on a vulnerable and elderly member of the community and we various lines of inquiry as part of this ongoing investigation . \" I would that anyone who anything suspicious in the Green Gates area in the days and hours before Mary police immediately . \" In addition , anyone with any other information that can us Mary 's killer should also in touch . \" Mrs Logan 's local Church of Scotland minister the whole community \" \" and \" stunned \" by the murder . The Rev Gilbert Nisbet , of Leven Parish Church , : \" Mary part of the church community and very much in the life of the church . \" I the minister here for nine years and she virtually every Sunday and I would to her at the door . \" Mary friendly and outgoing , a kind lady who bright and interesting to to . People absolutely stunned . \"", "Russia a super-tanker aircraft capable of tons of water to the fires . The series of fast-spreading fires , mostly in Chile 's central region , by strong winds , high temperatures and a prolonged drought . One town , Santa Olga , by the blaze .", "The White House and state department plans for up to 300 new homes and an industrial zone prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Israel fewer than 100 homes . Its foreign ministry the new homes would within the area of an settlement . Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) secretary general Saeb Erekat while Palestinians Washington 's criticism , they it \" to real action \" . \" After almost 50 years of systematic Israeli colonisation and belligerent military occupation of the State of Palestine , the US must the necessary tools to Israeli settlements , through the UN Security Council , funding to Israel , and settlements through US-based organisations violence and discrimination against Palestinians ,\" he . About 570,000 Israelis in more than 100 settlements since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The settlements illegal under international law , though Israel this . In July , world powers of \" perpetual occupation and conflict \" between Israelis and Palestinians . \" The actions of the Israeli government in this settlement the pursuit of peace ,\" White House spokesman Josh Earnest . State department spokesman Mark Toner the new settlement would \" another step towards a reality of perpetual occupation \" that would \" further into question Israel 's commitment to a peace \" . It \" deeply troubling \" , Mr Toner , because Israel it so soon after the US last month to a 10-year $ 38bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 30bn ) military aid package for the country . However , Israel 's foreign ministry the new units not a \" new settlement \" . \" This housing will on state land in the settlement of Shilo and will not its municipal boundary or geographic footprint ,\" a statement . \" The real obstacle to peace not the settlements - a final-status issue that can and must in negotiations between the parties - but the persistent Palestinian rejection of a Jewish state in any boundaries ,\" it . Palestinians an independent state in the West Bank and Gaza with East Jerusalem as its capital , and settlements this impossible .", "The three children in foster care after the couple 's arrest by counter-terrorism officers in 2015 . Mr Justice Cobb he suspicious the parents to areas by so-called Islamic State . But he their \" attitude \" \" genuinely \" and he that the children should home . The judge , who in the Family Division of the High Court , he also satisfied that the couple will their children 's needs . He evidence that in the family home will in their best interests . Details of the case in rulings by Mr Justice Cobb private family court hearings in Leeds . The judge not the couple . He they from London but in the north-east of England . Council social workers him to decisions about where the children should . The couple while in a car with their children at the Eurotunnel terminal in Folkestone , Kent , during the summer of 2015 . They not of any terrorism-related offences as a result of their arrest , but fraud charges . The couple police that they to Germany to relatives , although the man that he \" into radical extreme thinking \" . Mr Justice Cobb evidence him \" very considerable concern \" and he he \" suspicious \" that the couple for areas of the Middle East by IS . But he suspicion not enough . Mr Justice Cobb he how the couple with social services after the children into foster care . The father he that things he before \" not appropriate \" and \" not a true expression of Islam \" , and the mother that views she \" wrong \" . \" I sufficiently satisfied ... that the attitudes of these parents genuinely ,\" Mr Justice Cobb . \" I satisfied from the information before me that these parents [ will ] the needs of these ... children in all material respects . \" He : \" All relevant considerations to the conclusion that it indeed in the best interests of the children that they should [ ] at home in the care of their parents . \"", "The conditions by chainmakers and their demands for a minimum wage a national scandal and in 1910 they a strike . It for ten weeks and with the lives of thousands of workers poor wages . Artist Luke Perry , from a family of chainmakers , the statue after more than two years . Mr Perry 's statue on Friday morning in Mary Macarthur park , after the trade unionist who the women chainmakers 102 years ago . He : \" It something which a wonderful piece of our history , but still , I n't enough people about it . \" The statue at 10 ft ( 3 metres ) and nearly three-and-a-half tonnes . The area 's links with chain making alive every month at a rare chain shop at Mushroom Green in the heart of the Black Country . In 2010 , a plaque Mary Macarthur up in the park as part of the 100th anniversary events .", "The report that a failure to returnees may to further radicalisation . Somalia 's Islamist al-Shabab militants to heavily in neighbouring north-eastern Kenya . Kenya a series of militant attacks with one at a university earlier this year 148 people . Although the report not where the returnees from , Deputy Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Kenya Muslims ( Supkem ) Hassan Ole Nadu to the BBC that they for al-Shabab . The 36-page report by the IOM , Supkem and the Kenya 's interior ministry . Researchers that although most adults the group voluntarily , nearly a third of children they to . The return of the youth , the report , both \" opportunities and threats for and to Kenyans \" . \" On the one hand , they an opportunity to the ideologies and recruitment strategies of armed groups ,\" the report . \" On the other , the response of the security forces widely to further radicalisation as the returnees themselves that they unsafe and limited reintegration options . \" Security in the country by participants as the main obstacle to their successful reintegration in the country . A total of 185 respondents , nearly 30 % of the total of 684 returnees in the country . The majority between 18 and 34 years old .", "She a passenger in a car that with a lorry on the Legacorry Road at about 15:35 GMT on Thursday . The woman who the vehicle in a critical condition in hospital . In a separate incident , Moor Road in Coalisland , County Tyrone , a two-vehicle crash .", "The strike over a 1 % pay rise that last year to all midwives in England , Scotland and Wales . The Department of Health officials to a safe service during the stoppage . It midwives in Northern Ireland the same settlement as colleagues in England . \" While we would to in a position to more in 2014 / 15 , it important to midwives and other non-medical staff a minimum of 1 % extra with the average rise through incremental progression 3.7 % and some staff 6.7 % more ,\" a spokesperson . While the most senior midwives in Northern Ireland the rise in a one-off payment last March , those on lower pay bands not . Instead , most the annual uplift of around \u00c2 \u00a3 1,500 . to the Royal College of Midwives ( RCM ) , all midwives should the 1 % increase like elsewhere in the UK , regardless of their band , as well as the uplift in salary that in to the pay system . It that talks on Tuesday between the Department of Health and some of the health unions . While those negotiations as positive , further industrial action , for all overtime . Amy Leversidge of the RCM the department \" cheeky \" to that midwives in Northern Ireland the same pay rise as their English colleagues . She staff on higher pay bands a 1 % \" temporary uplift \" to their basic pay in February , but at the start of the financial year in April , their pay back to 2013 levels . Incremental progression on experience and performance a part of the NHS pay structure rather than a pay rise , the union 's employment relations adviser . \" We n't to until February 2016 to out what - we to a solution now ,\" she . Midwife Hazel McAllister the BBC : \" We not any less passionate , caring or hard-working than colleagues in other parts of the UK who this 1 % pay rise . \" We very undervalued by the powers-that-be who to this . \" I a midwife for 37 years - it a fantastic profession but I would about its future . \"", "Northumbria Police the pair on suspicion of indecent images . A spokesman investigations ongoing to \" the safeguarding of those \" and to that there no risk of exploitation . Both boys further inquiries . Supt Sarah Pitt the force with schools across South Tyneside to children \" aware of the risks around images of themselves and others via text and social network sites \" . She : \" The internet an essential tool and social networking sites a popular way for children to with their friends , but we to sure they safe online and how to it responsibly . \" It very important that we sure young people safe online and aware of the risks and what they can to them . \" Anyone who may concerns about images they or should with a trusted adult or the police straight away . \"", "Police Kevin Malthouse in Blackshots Lane , Grays , in the early hours of Saturday morning reports of a group of men . The 24-year-old in the chest and at the scene . Jack Taylor , 18 , from Oakley Close , Grays , with his murder and due to at Basildon Magistrates' Court . Flowers - tributes from Mr Malthouse 's parents and wife - near the spot where he . For more stories from the county , BBC Local Live : Essex A 22-year-old man , who also , further investigations . A 21-year-old man , from South Ockendon , without charge and no further action . Mr Malthouse 's former team Tilbury Football Club tribute , he \" a lovely lad \" .", "The sergeant fire in June 2014 at his post near the North Korean border and , a manhunt . He two days later after he himself during a tense stand-off with troops . It debate on military culture in South Korea , where all males must about two years military service . The conscript 's attack previously by a defence ministry spokesman to his \" difficulties in to military life \" . He on a list of conscripts special attention . In July last year , the military its investigation into the incident and the attack , at a post near the border town of Goseong , in revenge for bullying in the army and at school . The 23-year-old recruit , Im in previous reports but as Lim by Yonhap news agency , guilty of and his comrades by a grenade and at them . He also guilty of away with a rifle and ammunition , the news agency . Under South Korea 's military law , a soldier must the death penalty for a superior . One of those a staff sergeant . The soldier remorse in a statement last month before his sentence , AFP news agency . \" I deeply sorry for the victims and their relatives ... I with remorse ... How happy would I , it merely a dream and it possible to to the past ?\" he . Past incidents in South Korea 's military to bullying and mental health problems . Last year , several suicides by young conscripts . In April , a private after he by his superiors - an incident which only months later by a civic group . A sergeant later to 45 years in military prison for the crime . Four other soldiers for between 15 and 30 years while a sixth a suspended prison sentence . In September last year , two special forces soldiers after during captivity training , apparently from suffocation . The incidents a public outcry and the army to a tougher stance on bullying and abuse . Its chief of staff and his replacement the establishment of a military human rights commission and investigations into hundreds of bullying cases . Prior to last year , South Korea also major incidents in 2005 and 2011 where conscripts several of their comrades . South Korea it a conscription system to national security . It technically at war with North Korea , as the 1950-53 Korean War in an armistice rather than a peace treaty .", "Helen Zille the \" time right \" for her to aside , that the DA would from fresh blood . She will as premier of Western Cape province until 2019 . Ms Zille , a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner , the party since 2007 . \" These kinds of decisions a long time , but in the end they suddenly ,\" she . Ms Zille in 1951 to German immigrants . She a staunch defender of South Africa 's liberal constitution , a check on the ANC party 's overwhelming power . In the past , she openly President Jacob Zuma and a campaign to him before the courts to allegations of bribery . Mr Zuma the claims , he the victim of a \" political conspiracy \" . The DA 's support mainly in the Western Cape , which a large white and mixed-race population , but Ms Zille to inroads into the black electorate .", "Blackwell , 25 , a bleed on the brain in a loss to Eubank in March and in an coma . The offer despite Blackwell Eubank and his father \" inhuman \" in how they to his life-threatening injuries post-fight . \" I the guy 's career ,\" Eubank Jr ITV 's Good Morning Britain . \" He everything OK and that there no hard feelings , but I him able to a living . \" I to and him because I something for him , and that something my British title belt . \" MORE : ' I could no light at the end of the tunnel ' - Blackwell 's trainer Blackwell from his coma a week after the fight , which in the 10th round , without an operation . to the Sun on Monday , Blackwell critical of the Eubanks' decision to a news conference while he still in hospital . \" I shocked when I first the things he because we a little talk on social media ,\" Eubank Jr . \" I that the belt a goodwill gesture - I still ready to and it to him . \" The guy a true warrior , regardless of what , the only thing that important that he now OK , he with his family and he can a normal life with no restrictions . \"", "In Palmer on Thursday , at about 03:00 an officer Karen and Jay Priest their son Justin , 29 , . The devastated couple to Justin Priest 's girlfriend 's home to her , when he them at the door . In fact , another man with the same name but different birthday . The Juneau police for the error . After the horrible news , the Priests far-away relatives , then to Anchorage to their other son in person , they Alaska Dispatch News . Then , the family out to Justin 's girlfriend of five years . At her home at about 05:30 , Justin Priest he a knock on the door as he ready to his dog . Still bleary-eyed from sleep , he surprised to his family . All with joy , Jesus and one another in tears . \" It and right here Justin . I n't even it but Jay . It n't to me . Then I him ,\" Mrs Priest the Associated Press news agency . \" You it to true , but you , ' I ? ' Justin n't what on . \" The Juneau police for the anguish , however momentary . Justin Priest the Alaska Dispatch that the family 's relief and joy by the awareness another family a son .", "The 23-year-old QPR from Swindon in May but he only three appearances for the Championship club . Mark Cooper 's League One side by several injuries this season . \" An injury he subsequently for game time ,\" QPR 's director of football Les Ferdinand . \" He only away for a month . He still a massive future at QPR . \" all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The man , who in his 60s , at Silverthorn Avenue in the town and police of his death just after 12:00 GMT on Tuesday . Officers the circumstances of his death a 25-year-old man in Coleraine just after 17:30 GMT . There no further details at present .", "The allegations in a BBC Spotlight programme on Tuesday . Mr Adams any involvement in the murder of Mr Donaldson in 2006 . In a statement , BBC Spotlight : \" The Spotlight programme with matters of great public interest and the BBC by its journalism . \" A lawyer for the Donaldson family to the BBC on Friday after Garda Deputy Assistant Commissioner Derek Byrne and two other senior police officers . Ciaran Shiels the officers an update on progress in their investigation during the meeting in Belfast . \" The one theme that out of today 's meeting that the theory that by BBC Spotlight earlier this week , that this in some way out by the Provisional IRA or by Gerry Adams , I it absolute nonsense ,\" he . how the family to the claims that Mr Donaldson by the Provisional IRA , and that the killing by the Sinn F\u00e9in leader , Mr Shiels : \" It just not up . \" It not in any way with the lines of inquiry that by the guards ([ Garda ] or by the the ( police ) ombudsman . \" A man who he as an informer for the intelligence branch of the police Spotlight that he the Provisional IRA him . The former spy , who in the IRA and Sinn F\u00e9in. , the programme that in his experience such a murder would to by Gerry Adams . The man could not because of fears about his safety . What Spotlight Agent : I from my experience in the IRA that murders to by the leadership . They to approval by the leadership of the IRA and the military leadership of the IRA . Presenter : Who you specifically to ? Agent : Gerry Adams , he the final say . Mr Donaldson dead in a remote cottage in Donegal in April 2006 , months after that he an MI5 agent for more than 20 years . Three years later , the Real IRA it responsible . Mr Donaldson for Sinn F\u00e9in as an administrator at Stormont .", "Maj Gen James Johnston with 40,000 prisoners at the Bergen-Belsen camp and up a hospital to them for typhus , TB and starvation . His son , Anthony Johnston , : \" He to with people by the hundreds every day . \" The plaque in Northiam , East Sussex where Gen Johnston . in Glasgow , he to the village with his family in 1973 . About 60 people , members of Gen Johnston 's family , for the unveiling at the pump house on the village green . Gen Johnston a mobile medical unit close to the German-Dutch border in April 1945 . He to his unit to charge of the sick and at Bergen-Belsen , which just by the British . Around 70,000 people at the camp in northern Germany . Mr Johnston his father reluctant to about his World War Two experiences , due to modesty and to out such a traumatic event . \" There times in his life when former inmates , who he across at the time , in touch with him and to him ,\" Mr Johnston . \" Other than that , he n't about it . \" In an account which now in the Holocaust Museum in Washington , Gen Johnston : \" Little I that I about to with the greatest test of my career , with a situation that would on my memory for the rest of my days . \"[ It ] would in me a abhorrence not only of those who this crime on humanity , but also of those who it . \"", "The device on Foreglen Road on Wednesday morning a telephone call to a local hospital . The road after a security alert in the area . The device away for forensic examination . Det Insp Bob Blemmings : \" We that the alert traffic disruption and grateful for the patience and support by the community and commuters . \"", "Parents and carers at Camau Bach in Aberystwyth someone into its Green Room from the outside play area . It police and nearby schools . Camau Bach temporarily earlier this year after a boy unattended on a minibus for two hours . Dyfed-Powys Police and the charity Mudiad Meithrin , which the nursery , to . The letter , by nursery manager Sioned Davies , the individual not into contact with any children and away when by a staff member . It , as an extra security precaution , the height of gates would .", "Kingfisher a 70 % stake in the business - which 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff - for \u00a3 140m . The company already that it for a strategic partner to its B & Q business in China . The transaction , which subject to approval by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce , to in the first half of 2015 . As well as B & Q , Kingfisher the Screwfix , Brico Depot and Castorama home improvement chains . It also 50 % of the Koctas brand in Turkey . \" I delighted to a strong retail partner who will us to the financial value of our business in China ,\" group chief executive Veronique Laury . \" This will us to our financial resources and management talent on the large and attractive European home improvement market . \" Beijing-based Wumei Holdings about 650 supermarkets and 10 department stores in China , brands such as Wumart , Jingbei Shopping Mall , and Merrymart . Ms Laury recently over from Ian Cheshire as chief executive .", "McKenzie , 38 , will on Jahmaine Smyle at York Hall on 12 November for the English super-middleweight championship . The ex-Norwich and Peterborough man a professional boxer in 2013 football two years previously . He a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights . McKenzie the son of former British and European champion Clinton and by his uncle , former three-time world champion Duke McKenzie .", "The red-throated diver by a visitor to a lochan in a remote part of North Uist . The birds on the RSPB 's amber list after a recent decline in numbers . Jamie Boyle , site manager of the RSPB 's Uist reserves , plastic bags can birds if they , or entangled , in one . He : \" We people to great care in the way they of plastic bags or , indeed , any other rubbish , particularly balloons and Chinese lanterns . \" They a direct threat to our wildlife and it depressing to that plastic bags even remote lochans in a place like North Uist . \" Mr Boyle : \" Marine birds such as red-throated divers particularly at risk both at sea and on their breeding grounds where they can the bags for fish or mistakenly it for nesting material . \"", "A passer-by the man , who not but in his 30s , off Promenade Street in Heywood at about 23:25 GMT on Thursday . He dead at the scene and officers the death as suspicious . A post-mortem examination due to place and officers for any witnesses to them .", "Labour MP for Bassetlaw , John Mann , a Leave campaigner , people to because of immigration , zero-hour contracts and job prospects and a \" divide in Britain \" . Mansfield most strongly to , with 70.9 % Brexit . Rushcliffe , which the towns of West Bridgford and Bingham , the only area to for Remain . It the East Midland 's highest turnout . Meanwhile , the turnout in Nottingham the fifth lowest in the UK at 61.8 % . by a tiny margin of just over 2,000 votes in the city . Mr Mann his party \" somewhat out of touch \" . \" With the middle classes largely because they it as them and the classes largely to because it them - that the divide in Britain ,\" he . Latest reaction and updates from Nottinghamshire Like large parts of England , Nottinghamshire overwhelmingly to the European Union . The margin of victory in Bassetlaw , Ashfield and Mansfield huge , with less than a third of people . Arguably the biggest surprise in Nottingham , which narrowly Brexit . Affluent Rushcliffe the only area to Remain . Overall Nottinghamshire 57.9 % for Leave and 42.1 % for Remain . Conservative Anna Soubry , the MP for Broxtowe and a Remain campaigner , it \" a dreadful decision \" . \" People like me you , we n't to to the experts ,\" she . \" All that unfortunately to accurate . We a very , very , very bad mistake . \" Labour MP for Nottingham North , Graham Allen , David Cameron \" with Britain 's future \" by for a referendum , people to \" in protest \" at the current government . Turnout 81.5 % in Rushcliffe - the highest in the East Midlands and the only council area to . The vote close elsewhere , in Nottingham , where the split 50.8 % Leave , 49.2 % . Alice , a caller to BBC Radio Nottingham from the Carrington area of the city , she \" frightened of the future \" . \" It potentially a mandate for a lot of prejudice against people who here , whether from the EU or elsewhere ,\" she .", "Media playback not on this device The 2000 Olympic super-heavyweight champion fellow Briton Joshua to too strong for American Charles Martin in Saturday 's IBF world heavyweight title fight in London . Harrison \" all the cards in Joshua 's favour \" , the 26-year-old to the ex-heavyweight champions . \" He the life of an athlete ,\" Harrison , 44 , BBC Radio 5 live . \" He very fit , strong and committed . \" I just Anthony Joshua that George Foreman , Frank Bruno brutish strength - that ingredient that hard to him off . \" : Anthony Joshua , Beast Mode Martin 23 and one of his 24 fights and Vyacheslav Glazkov for the vacant IBF belt in January . Harrison with the 29-year-old American , whom he a \" rugged , tall , big southpaw \" , but Watford-born Joshua will the British crowd behind him on Saturday . \" Charles Martin will gallant , brave and it a great fight potentially \" Harrison . \" But I ca n't him back the steam train that Anthony Joshua . \"", "Remains of a man between 30 and 49 , close to the M54 motorway in Shropshire , in August . West Mercia Police two metal bracelets - one to a Kara , a Sikh symbol - inside a jacket that also . There no matches with DNA profiles of people in England . The force it still unable to the cause of death , but it an open mind as to how the remains to at junction four of the M54 at Shifnal . It the remains undiscovered for up to three years . 2 - 3 Years the bones of a nearly complete skeleton to a man at the site , next to junction four of the M54 5 7 - 5 11 Height of the man 30 to 49 Years old at the time of death Detectives they could not out that \" he may to a crime \" . The man , who between 5ft 7ins and 5ft 11ins tall , by a highway worker at the bottom of an embankment . He a black \" dare2be \" soft-shell outdoor jacket in a large size , a navy blue V-neck T-shirt from George at Asda and a pair of dark coloured , medium-size Nike tracksuit bottoms . Police that specific type of T-shirt first in November 2007 and first in March 2008 .", "The second tier up to a hugely competitive league next term with Hearts , Hibernian and Rangers among the sides promotion . And Houston his new charges can fourth place , and a play-off berth , at least . \" It our remit that we 'd to to in the play-offs , that would a huge achievement ,\" Houston . The 55-year-old , who as a scout with Celtic after Dundee United last year , the chance to on Rangers , Hearts and Hibs . It not always the big guys that games . I to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and The Bairns the Championship play-off semi-final in season 2013-14 but by Hamilton Academical , who eventually promotion to the Premiership . \" The better chances to to one of the big three clubs in the league , however , that on paper and football not on paper ,\" Houston . \" I to sure that the lads I , when they to Rangers , Hearts and Hibs , there a belief in them . \" It a great thing for the players at Falkirk to to Ibrox , Tynecastle , Easter Road and themselves against what to a stronger squad . \" It not always the big guys that games . I to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and . \" A former Falkirk player , Houston the 2010 Scottish Cup as Dundee United boss . And after Gary Holt , who the manager 's position at the Falkirk Stadium to Neil Adams' team at Norwich City , Houston to the Bairns an offer he could not down . \" I probably would n't at it if it any other club than Falkirk , as they an awful lot to me , \" Houston . \" I here 18 years ago to to Hearts as a youth coach and I in the local newspaper I 'd to and the game then back as manager . I n't it would as long as 18 years but I delighted to back . \" Houston , who his eight month stint at Celtic him as \" coach and a person \" , he close to the services of a new player-coach for Falkirk . As well as his four-year managerial spell at Tannadice , Houston also assistant to Craig Levein when the latter Scotland coach . The pair previously together at Hearts , Leicester and Dundee United .", "He from the water by the RNLI 's Penlee Inshore Lifeboat at about 13:35 BST on Sunday , Devon and Cornwall Police . A crew member to the man and \" him \" after he near the bow of an boat alongside Albert Pier , the RNLI . The man , to local , to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro and dead . Police the man face-down in the water by a sailing club .", "Johnston 's goal Kilcoo 1-6 to 0-6 up early in the second half and always likely to decisive in such a low-scoring contest . Kilcoo 's lead to a point but the Down champions three ahead again and then on . Scotstown duo Francis Caulfield and sub Brian McGinnity off late on . Caulfield after a second yellow card while McGinnity red after to impressive Kilcoo full-back Darragh O'Hanlon . The Monaghan champions , by Crossmaglen after extra-time in last year 's provincial final , only points from Darren Hughes and Donal Morgan to for their early domination as several other good chances . Kilcoo back with five unanswered points after Aaron Branigan up their account in the ninth minute . Conor Laverty 's typically busy display crucial to Kilcoo 's improvement as Donal Kane , Paul Devlin ( two ) and Martin Devlin also points . After scoreless for almost 20 minutes , Scotstown their range again late in the first half as the lively Shane Carey a free and keeper Rory Beggan also the target from a 45 after three earlier long-range efforts . Aidan Branigan 's departure at half-time a blow for Kilcoo but instead his replacement Johnston on to the central personality in the match . The sides level at 0-6 a piece when Johnston his nerve to a great finish past Beggan after Laverty on a long ball . After Shane Carey 's reply , Johnston to in a second Kilcoo goal but the effort out - harshly it - for a square ball . The controversial decision as though it could as another Carey point Kilcoo 's lead to the minimum but crucially Beggan and Carey then chances to Scotstown on terms . Paul Devlin 's superb long-range point and an Aaron Morgan score , after more great work by Laverty , Kilcoo three ahead with three minutes of normal time and Carey 's seventh point all Scotstown could in the eight minutes of action . In addition to Johnston and Laverty , Niall Branigan and Darragh O'Hanlon among Kilcoo 's stars as they up a meeting either Kilcar or Glenswilly on 30 October .", "Holland and Jenkins' compatriot Stanford for the team in 2015 , one more place to . The likelihood whoever first out of Jenkins , 31 , and Jody Stimpson in the World Triathlon race on Australia 's Gold Coast will . \" I would to for another Olympics and to Rio ,\" Jenkins . The two-time former World Champion third behind Stimpson in the opening round in Abu Dhabi on 5 March . \" I happy to away with a third in Abu Dhabi ,\" Jenkins BBC Wales Sport . \" I a chest infection and off antibiotics on the Monday and on the Saturday . \" The GB team will before the Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon Leeds , 11-12 June . British Triathlon the quality of the performance in Gold Coast will into consideration as well as the finishing positions . The Welsh athlete would to ahead of Stimpson and Olympic medal-winning potential . Jenkins the world title in 2008 and 2011 , and Team GB at two Olympic games . Media playback not on this device \" I to Beijing and London ,\" she . \" Qualifying a lot , but it not to me if I n't , I a lot more balanced in to this Olympic cycle . \" I a massive desire to , but balance in my life so if I n't I other things I to on . \" Jenkins in Australia for three weeks for this weekend 's race . \" I my fitness on really well since I here ,\" she . \" I a really decent , consistent block of training and some more harder running on the road , which I n't really up until this point . I strong in all disciplines . \" It a change for Jenkins who with injuries in recent seasons . \" I not to , there a few times when it nearly it and I I just ca n't this any more . . . there tears ,\" Jenkins . \" But there always something that me . I n't what it - but there something that you . \" Helen Jenkins' interview on Sport Wales , BBC Two Wales , 19:30 BST on Friday , 8 April .", "His government just more than a year , with limited support from the main opposition party , Fianna F\u00e1il . Brexit and Northern Ireland 's political stalemate among the challenges for the new taoiseach . The leadership contest will on Thursday , with the new leader to on 2 June after an electoral college of the parliamentary party . County councillors and party members will also their say . While the field may before 2 June , the early favourites for the post Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar and Housing Minister Simon Coveney . in Dublin , the 38-year-old the son of a Mumbai-born doctor and a mother from County Waterford . He privately and medicine at Trinity College in Dublin , as a GP before politics . He to parliament in 2007 as a representative for Dublin West and the tourism and health portfolios before on his current post last year . In an RT\u00c9 interview in 2015 , he that he gay , that he to clear on the matter ahead of the Irish referendum on same-sex marriage . \" I just kind of to honest with people ,\" he . \" I n't anyone to that I a hidden agenda . \" Mr Varadkar controversy by that people of welfare fraud will \" and \" on a government website . In a recent speech by the Irish Independent , he his attitude to Brexit , there should \" no economic border at all between north and south \" . The son of the former Fine Gael politician Hugh Coveney , the Cork-born 44-year-old his father 's footsteps to a seat in the D\u00e1il ( Irish parliament ) . As a teenager , he from the exclusive Clongowes Wood boarding school for and off to a beach party . In a candid interview with RT\u00c9 , he he from a stutter , and in the shadow of his more promising brother , who now a successful businessman . He on to management at the Royal Agricultural College in Gloucestershire , England , before his election as the youngest member of the D\u00e1il in 1998 . He as agriculture minister in 2011 and responsibility for defence to his portfolio three years later . He no secret of his desire to his party - when RT\u00c9 the question about his intentions , he : \" I very ambitious , so the straight answer yes , some day . \" But I personally very loyal to Enda and he that . \"", "The 13-month-old with serious injuries at her home in Barrow in December 2012 . A second inquest after a seven-minute hearing in 2014 Poppi 's death \" unascertained \" . It due to in Kendal from 15 May and will for October while her father legal aid . Poppi Worthington death : Key dates David Roberts , senior coroner for Cumbria , the adjournment a request by Poppi 's father , Paul Worthington , who unable to legal aid in sufficient time . Mr Roberts it \" of real importance for Mr Worthington to part in the process and it will difficult for him to so in the absence of legal representation \" . He : \" It self-evident my findings and conclusion at the inquest may ( upon what they ) significant ramifications for Mr Worthington . \" A family judge previously the toddler sexually by her father , who always any wrongdoing . No-one in connection with Poppi 's death . The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) it no \" realistic prospect \" of a conviction . The second inquest initially in September after the CPS out a review of the case , it right not to any charges against Mr Worthington .", "The concept will as Vulcan , and it to operations in 2019 . United Launch Alliance - the joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin - currently the Atlas and Delta rockets . These routinely to Nasa science probes , spy satellites and other US national security missions . In time , both vehicles will as the new Vulcan components on stream . The first element to will the first-stage booster , which will an all-new , all-American liquid-fuelled engine . This will ULA to its use of Russian-made RD-180 rocket motors \u2013 something Congress . Politicians on Capitol Hill the fact that American national security missions with the aid of Russian propulsion technology . ULA 's preference to a liquid methane-oxygen power unit currently by Blue Origin , the space company by Amazon entrepreneur Jeff Bezos . When the new Vulcan booster its debut , it will initially to the current Centaur upper-stage of the Atlas . But early in the 2020s , this too will by a bespoke upper-stage that should the new rocket a performance that it to even the Delta IV Heavy \u2013 the biggest , most powerful rocket in the world today , capable of upwards of 25 tonnes in a low-Earth orbit . Critically , though , the Vulcan will substantially cheaper to and . \" A Delta IV Heavy at today \u2019s launch rates about $ 400m , or , on the mission and its complexity . I fully the Next Generation Launch System to less than half that ,\" Tory Bruno , president and CEO of United Launch Alliance . Some cost savings will by and the engines on the first-stage booster a flight . The idea that after separation from the upper-stage , the engines would from the propellant tanks and back to Earth , an inflatable shield to them from up on re-entry into the atmosphere . Parachutes would then and a helicopter would in to the engines out of the air and them safely to the ground for servicing and re-integration into a new booster . ULA will not how much the Vulcan development programme , but it will into the billions of dollars . ULA to , however . The priority status it with government contracts to an end , and it increasingly stiff competition \u2013 at home , from a bullish SpaceX company , whose low-cost rockets favour with Nasa and commercial satellite operators ; and abroad , where Europe and Russia both to new-generation rocket systems that to their launch prices also .", "Steven Rodriguez , who better as A $ AP Yams or Yamborghini , aged 26 on 18 January at Brooklyn 's Woodhull Medical Centre . He the US rap collective A $ AP Mob along with fellow New Yorkers A $ AP Bari and A $ AP Illz . Now the New York Times that his death by acute mixed drug intoxication . Opiates and benzodiazepines in his system and it an accident . After his death artists tribute to him on social media . Drake : \" in peace Yams . A $ AP family . \" Azealia Banks : \" ASAP YAMS should as a leader , an innovator and most importantly as an important part of NYC youth culture . \" @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Photos on the internet to Diouf in a nightclub , just hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March . \" I some inquiries and I him about it and he he there ,\" Saunders Radio Sheffield . \" It still ongoing and I to to the bottom of it . It something I ca n't if it true . \" Rovers the match at St Mary 's 2-0 , with Diouf the full game , and currently six points adrift of safety with six matches to . Diouf six goals in 22 games since the club in October .", "Stenson will with Matt Fitzpatrick against Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka while Rose Chris Wood against Jimmy Walker and Zach Johnson . Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters on Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler . Spanish duo Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello also together to on Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth . Stenson and Rose together twice on Friday at Hazeltine , and their defeat in the opening foursomes match to Reed and Spieth their first as a Ryder Cup pairing . However , they revenge in the fourballs to the Americans their first ever loss . McIlroy , who to Mickelson and Fowler in Friday 's foursomes when with Andy Sullivan , also the chance to that defeat . The Northern Irishman again with Pieters after they convincingly their fourball match 3 & 2 . Europe captain Darren Clarke also to Garcia and Cabrera-Bello together after their similarly dominant 3 & 2 fourball victory on Friday . American captain Davis Love faith with three of the foursomes pairings that the opening session . The only change Snedeker and Koepka , who their fourball match , in for Dustin Johnson and Matt Kuchar . The US Friday 's foursomes 4-0 but Europe back in the fourballs , that session 3-1 .", "Rents for grade A offices to \u00a3 15.50-per-sq ft over the past year , to commercial agents . But they still well below the UK average of \u00a3 24 . It that the prospect of a relatively low financial return as a barrier to substantial build projects . In March , an Invest NI report there a shortage of grade A space office in Belfast . Grade A offices as new or refurbished buildings , in prime locations , with open-plan layouts . Ian Duddy of Colliers International in Belfast : \" The shortage of grade A space in Belfast a number of major occupiers to their own headquarter buildings . \" Further rental growth in the grade A market necessary to new development in the city . \" Office development since the 2008 property market crash . Loans of public money could soon available to property developers to them offices , after a recent report for Invest NI supply as \" extremely limited \" . Invest whether to loans as \" a short-term intervention \" .", "The helicopter to a vulnerable person in the Daventry area . It on with its mission while a police car to the laser . Officers unable to out who responsible . Pilot Paul Atherton it \" very distracting \" . Live updates on this story and other news from Northamptonshire He : \" On the police helicopter , I the only pilot . \" If I in the eye and I blinded , who to the aircraft ? People on the ground n't how serious this . \" The National Police Air Service ( NPAS ) Mr Atherton two flashes of light from the laser at about 23:00 BST on Friday . The NPAS 35 laser incidents on its aircraft in 2014 and 91 in 2015 . There a total of 1,400 attacks on aircraft to the Civil Aviation Authority last year . People in the past for lasers at aircraft in the sky , but the devices themselves legal . Pat Lawrence , a spokesman for the British Airline Pilots Association ( Balpa ) , regulations to . He : \" There no restriction on the imports of these very powerful lasers . \"", "The artificial intelligence system - LipNet - video of a person and the text to the movement of their mouths with 93 % accuracy , the researchers . the process could millions , they . But experts the system to in real-life situations . Lip-reading a notoriously tricky business with professionals only able to what someone up to 60 % of the time . \" Machine lip-readers enormous potential , with applications in hearing aids , silent dictation in public spaces , covert conversations , speech recognition in noisy environments , biometric identification and silent-movie processing ,\" the researchers . They that the AI system with whole sentences so that it could itself which letter to which lip movement . To the AI , the team - from Oxford University 's AI lab - it nearly 29,000 videos , with the correct text . Each video three seconds long and a similar grammatical pattern . While human testers similar videos an error rate of 47.7 % , the AI one of just 6.6 % . The fact that the AI from specialist training videos some on Twitter to the research . in OpenReview , Neil Lawrence out that the videos \" vocabulary and a single syntax grammar \" . \" While it to well on this data , it not really groundbreaking . While the model may able to my lips better than a human , it can only so when I a meaningless list of words from a highly vocabulary in a specific order ,\" he . The project partially by Google 's artificial intelligence firm DeepMind .", "That the UK still ' bold ' but ' dependable ' , ' outward looking ' and a bastion of free trade . She that in private sessions with several leaders and a press conference with President Obama . But very frank words from the United States , Japan and Donald Tusk , the President of the European Council , will plenty of the headlines instead . she an advocate , albeit a pretty quiet one , of in the EU in the first place , with the economy one of her main concerns . So Downing Street she n't by the warnings about the future . And perhaps with public expressions of sentiments that already in private n't really the problem . Perhaps the real difficulty for the now not so new prime minister that the biggest demands on her abroad the same as those at home . Other countries more details of her plans for Britain 's life after the EU . But with no consensus , or anything like the details of post-Brexit Britain from government , there n't that much that she can really them . The political danger of such a relatively blank page that others will the space .", "England by six wickets after a Pakistan batting collapse three run-outs in Sharjah on Tuesday . The Daily Mail that the match the subject of an investigation into suspicious betting patterns . \" There nothing wrong with that game . I no doubts about my boys ,\" former bowler Waqar . The ICC to or that it the game . Pakistan from 132-2 to 208 all out before England with nine overs to . Waqar : \" Yes , we the game . You and games , and it unfortunate the way the whole thing . \" ICC chief executive David Richardson BBC Test Match Special : \" I would n't suspicious of that game . \" He Pakistan approaches from bookmakers in recent times .", "Google the plan to the BBC 's Newsround programme , it to on \" formats that well for both users and advertisers \" . Long unskippable adverts as a nuisance by many viewers , and Google shorter formats . One media agency the move the difference between online video and linear television services . \" The 30-second ad a legacy from TV times ,\" Will Smyth , head of media at the Agenda21 agency . \" It a standard TV unit which online , but it not the most effective way to . \" This will advertisers to more creative about the way they the platform . \" Many other websites , the BBC 's international offer , unskippable 30-second ads on video content . \" Demand from advertisers for video content high , but there a shortage of quality content ,\" Mr Smyth . \" It good business for everyone to on ' skippables' - people n't to through ads , and advertisers n't to if their ad . \"", "Hull City 's Chester , Dummett of Newcastle United and Celtic 's Matthews March 's 3-0 win in Israel because of injuries . Andy King after a two-match ban but injuries out James Collins and Ben Davies . Blackburn defender Adam Henley also in the 23-man squad . Goalkeeper Danny Ward of Liverpool , Owain Fon Williams - recently by Tranmere - and Leicester City striker Tom Lawrence the other uncapped players . The squad will up for a training camp in Cardiff on Monday 1 June for five days before the match squad on Monday 8 June . West Brom striker Tyler Roberts , Liverpool winger Harry Wilson , Cardiff full-back Declan John and Everton defender Gethin Jones up to with the squad that week . Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale to his 50th cap at Cardiff City Stadium while Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey , the other goal scorer in the victory in Israel , also in Chris Coleman 's squad . Leicester City midfielder King back after a a two-match suspension his red card in the qualifier against Cyprus last October . Wales currently second in Euro 2016 qualifying group B , behind Belgium on goal difference . Tottenham left-back Davies out after surgery on a dislocated shoulder while West Ham United centre-half Collins absent because of a calf injury . Collins against Israel in place of Chester , who the game after a shoulder injury . Crystal Palace 's Jonny Williams and George Williams of Fulham also because of injuries . Belgium and Wales both unbeaten after five of their 10 Group B games , and the match at Cardiff City Stadium already out . Coleman 's Wales 0-0 with the 2014 World Cup quarter-finalists in Brussels in November . Hennessey ( Crystal Palace ) , Fon Williams ( Tranmere ) , Ward ( Liverpool ) , Williams ( Swansea City - captain ) , Chester ( Hull City ) , Gunter ( Reading ) , Taylor ( Swansea City ) , Dummett ( Newcastle ) , Matthews ( Celtic ) , Richards ( Swansea City ) , Henley ( Blackburn Rovers ) , Allen ( Liverpool ) , Ledley ( Crystal Palace ) , Ramsey ( Arsenal ) , King ( Leicester City ) , Vaughan ( Nottingham Forest ) , MacDonald ( Bournemouth ) , Cotterill ( Birmingham City ) , Robson-Kanu ( Reading ) , Lawrence ( Leicester City ) , Bale ( Real Madrid ) , Church ( Charlton Athletic ) , Vokes ( Burnley ) .", "A barrister for Christian-run County Antrim firm Ashers if they the discrimination case there would wide-reaching consequences for shop owners . He it would a Muslim printer could not to a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad . The case in Belfast by gay rights activist , Gareth Lee . He the order for the cake with Ashers . No indication when the judgement will . The barrister for Mr Lee the County Court in Belfast that businesses to clear in advance what they would and would not . He Ashers nothing in their terms and conditions to them the cake which Mr Lee . Earlier , the role of the Equality Commission in the case in court . The commission aside a fund of up to \u00c2 \u00a3 40,000 to for legal costs in the case . It in recent months by a number of unionist politicians over the decision to the case . A barrister for Mr Lee the Commission the \" guardian \" of anti-discrimination laws . He it duty-bound to them . \" The Equality Commission statutory duties to the law ,\" the lawyer . He the fact that an out-of-court settlement not . \" It ( the Commission ) can never to on what it the law ,\" he . The total cost of the case yet to . Last week , before the case , an Equality Commission spokesperson : \" We can that \u00c2 \u00a3 8,586.60 on this case to date . \" The final costs will not until the case . \" Outside the court on Monday , Daniel McArthur , general manager of Ashers , they grateful that the case now . \" We very thankful to all those who us ,\" he . \" It a stressful time for our family but most of all we thankful God us through it all and we now the verdict and the outcome from the judge . \"", "Patrick Joseph Connors Michael Hughes to with the family and their swimming pool . Mr Connors , 59 , Patrick Dean Connors , 39 , William Connors , 36 , and Lee Carbis , 34 , several offences . They of Mr Hughes , 46 , and another man - to as Mr K - to for tiny sums . Mr Connors senior how he Michael Hughes when he 18 , and him work . He Mr Hughes , originally from Aberdeen , in his daughter 's bedroom , then to a garage with a shower . The court that Mr Hughes \u00a3 20 a day , which up to \u00a3 50 as he a more skilled labourer . Mr Connors senior how Mr Hughes to sweets for the youngest of his children , who him brother . He Mr Hughes during the time he with him . The court previously evidence from the victims that they only \u00a3 10 per day or less , sometimes in the form of alcohol or tobacco , or if they not as they and down if they to away . All four defendants one count of another person to or compulsory labour between 2010 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors , of Rumney , Cardiff , also not guilty to eight counts of actual bodily harm , four of kidnap and one of conspiracy to . Elder son Patrick Dean Connors , of Rumney , kidnapping and conspiracy to . William Connors , also of Rumney , not guilty to actual bodily harm on a man between 2009 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors' son-in-law Carbis , of Trowbridge , also one count of kidnap between 2001 and 2002 . The trial .", "Police Kinga Pelc from the east Belfast area in hospital on Saturday . A man in his 20s in a critical condition in hospital the incident . It on the Annadale Embankment at about 15:00 BST on Friday . Two other people to hospital for treatment to their injuries after the crash . Their injuries not to life-threatening .", "The World Rugby Hall of Fame by ex-England and British and Irish Lions captain Bill Beaumont at Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire . World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson among 12 stars in to the \" hall \" . Members of the public will able to from Friday . The World Rugby Hall of Fame in 2006 , and the International Rugby Hall of Fame in 2014 , but previously never a physical home . The attraction , which players and administrators who the game through exceptional achievements , video archive of rugby matches and memorabilia . The 10 other players in the Hall of Fame England 's Jeremy Guscott and Maggie Alphonsi , Wale 's Shane Williams , John Dawes and Arthur Gould , Scotland 's GPS Macpherson , Ireland 's Brian O'Driscoll , Japan 's Daisuke Ohata , Canada 's Heather Moyes and Australia 's Daniel Carroll . Players , teams , coaches , media and rugby personalities can all for the hall of fame but they to from the game for at least three years and rugby 's \" core values \" to eligible , The sport of rugby to accidentally in 1823 after William Webb Ellis , a pupil at a public school in Rugby , the ball and forward with it .", "Lt Col Lucy Giles , 46 , will at the helm at New College to young British Army officers for their regiments . She : \" I to myself really , because it an enormous privilege to in this unique position . \" The academy in 1947 after two older military institutions . Lt Col Giles from Wincanton , Somerset , will the academic programme and the physical training aspects of the intermediate and senior terms of the course . The married mother-of-two : \" It interesting to people 's reactions in this traditionally male environment . I a mother and wife of a soldier , so I by those domestic considerations as well as a day job , so to . \" She she would \" by example \" and permanent staff to \" and time for their families \" . During her 24-year career Lt Col Giles soldiers on operations and deployments in Bosnia , Iraq , Afghanistan , Sierra Leone , East Timor , South Africa and Northern Ireland She two years as the first female Officer at 47 Air Dispatch Squadron . She : \" I to I for this appointment because I the right key skills , knowledge , and experience to able to this effectively , as to me here because I female . \" Although , I that in this position I may across as a role model for our future female officers . \" Famous royals to at Sandhurst Princes William and Harry .", "Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough on Tuesday by men what to axes . No-one , and police not any details of what . In November , watches , and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds during a raid at the store 's branch in Yarm . A 24-year-old man from Manchester on 8 January in connection with that robbery and later further inquiries . Temporary Det Ch Insp John Ward : \" There clearly similarities between [ yesterday 's ] robbery and the one that place in Yarm in November and numerous lines of inquiry in both cases . \" Officers would to to anyone who may , or knowledge of , a silver Citroen C Crosser motor vehicle the registration plates MK60 XCD . \" We this vehicle in the [ Middlesbrough ] robbery and it later in the car park next to Leader timber merchants on Newport Road , Middlesbrough . \" We would also to local hoteliers and to those who local bed and breakfast venues to us should they any guests who may their suspicions over recent days and who may with a North West accent . \"", "The pair a partnership of 187 after Nick Compton and Stevie Eskinazi in quick succession . Stirling 's century his first in a Championship match and he 111 before lbw to Adil Rashid . Robson on 31 by Jack Brooks and still there on 152 not out at the close , with Middlesex 337-4 . Yorkshire into the game second in the Division One table , just six points behind leaders Essex , with Middlesex down in sixth place and minus Dawid Malan , Nick Gubbins and Tom Helm , who all on international duty . The home side , who the title by Yorkshire in the corresponding match last season , to first after the toss and Compton on 64 for the first wicket with Robson before a thin edge to the keeper off Steve Patterson him for 22 . Eskinazi by Brooks five overs later , but the Yorkshire paceman crucially unable to onto a low caught-and-bowled chance by Robson . The opener first to three figures the tea interval , and although Stirling when he an attempted pull to a ball that slightly low and James Franklin by Ryan Sidebottom , he 150 with a boundary off Rashid - the 18th of his innings - in the final over of play . Middlesex batsman Paul Stirling BBC Radio London : \" It about time I this and also about time I to more consistently . That , I n't to away my natural instinct to cricket . That the balance I to . \" Our skipper James Franklin me freedom to in and at the same sort of tempo as I would in one-day cricket and that into the red-ball game . \" When the pitches as flat as they at Lord 's it a little easier to that and I glad it off . \" Yorkshire head coach Martyn Moxon BBC Radio Leeds : \" It a tough day , what with the weather and a pitch that pretty benign . The lads to their task really well . \" A few nicks short and some very close lbw decisions n't out way . It a frustrating day , but I ca n't the lads for their efforts . \" We this game to it and we will up by sure we n't it . \"", "The incident as the 33-year-old under a railway bridge on Dumbarton Road , near the junction with Cable Depot Road , at about 22:00 on Saturday 10 September . Both boys as white , aged about 14 or 15 and dark-coloured sportswear . One of them brown hair in a quiff . The woman to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment and later the incident to police . Det Sgt Kevin Mulvenna , of Police Scotland , : \" This a completely unprovoked and senseless attack on this woman , which her blind in one eye . The youths responsible must as soon as possible . \" To a laser pen at someone highly irresponsible . Extensive inquiries ongoing to the two boys , with officers out inquiries in the local area and CCTV footage to them . \" He anyone with information to police .", "Alex Robinson in the bath two days before Christmas at his home . Stewart Greene , 65 , of Grimoldby , Lincolnshire , he Alex Robinson in a bath but murder . Dr Philip Joseph the jury : \" In over 30 years , this one of the most callous killings or murders I with . \" Alex in Mr Greene 's care at his home while his mother - the defendant 's daughter - out last December . evidence at Lincoln Crown Court , Dr Joseph his diagnosis of Mr Greene that he a psychopathic personality disorder , by a \" callous unconcern for the feelings of others \" and an \" incapacity to guilt \" . He Mr Greene would his symptoms and in manipulative behaviour to himself into hospital . But despite his mental condition , Dr Joseph - who with more than 800 homicide cases - Mr Greene what he and that his ability to a rational judgement not . He jurors : \" Although his judgement abhorrent , immoral and illegal , it rational . When if he surprised Mr Greene Alex , he : \" Yes - I surprised . \" Earlier in the trial , Timothy Spencer QC , , Mr Greene whether he his grandson , to which he : \" I him in the bath , yes . \" He the court he Alex because he angry with the nine-year-old 's mother . The trial .", "McAnuff , 31 , the Royals in 2009 and 172 appearances since his arrival from Watford . He his career at Wimbledon in 2001 and for West Ham , Cardiff and Crystal Palace , McAnuff keen to at the Madejski Stadium . \" From my point of view of course I would ,\" McAnuff BBC Radio Berkshire . The squad so strong we competition in every position and it something we to on with and with \" I on record numerous time how much I my time here and some of my best moments as a professional with this club . \" But it not my decision . All I can as well as I can on the pitch , it not solely down to me . \" McAnuff , who Reading in the Premier League last season , on the substitutes' bench for their Championship opener against Ipswich but at Bolton last weekend . Despite disappointed at out on on a starting spot on the first day of the season , McAnuff confident he can a regular in the team . \" In pre-season you in and hard and it all up for that first game ,\" he . \" So it disappointing ( not ) but that football . The squad so strong we competition in every position and it something we to on with and with . \" The manager a point of it no meaning on the season , it just a team to the job , and as you older you the bigger picture and for us this year it to about every single player . \" It healthy ( to competition ) , I n't any player should a place . \"", "The building to on a site between Longman Road and Burnett Road to the north of Burnett Road Police Station . The new centre would the courts service to out of historic Inverness Castle . The Scottish government to the construction of the new two-storey Inverness Justice Centre . The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service that the centre six courtrooms . It would also facilities available for and victims and witnesses of domestic abuse , sexual violence and \" an environment for problem approaches \" to re-offending and child abuse . Justice Secretary Michael Matheson the centre would an important development for the city and the wider Highlands area .", "The Bluebirds seven points adrift of the Championship play-off places and under a transfer embargo . Slade he still the man to the club but Dalman his position under scrutiny . \" He the pressures ; he this job before ,\" Dalman . \" Russell the score . I to him on a regular basis and he what ahead . \" He here for a while with us and of course his position under scrutiny , it always . To it never would not true . \" The jury out on every single one of us every time we to something . \" Cardiff under a transfer embargo by the Football League a breach of Financial Fair Play rules . The Bluebirds the fourth Championship club currently under a transfer embargo , Bolton , Fulham and Nottingham Forest . The embargo will in place for the rest of the January transfer window . Slade he with club owner Vincent Tan but there would no talks over a new contract for him this month . The former Leyton Orient manager Tan still as committed as ever to the club and suggestions the Malaysian 's scaling-back of club finances a lack of backing . \" You bigger clubs castles and the investment they in will them a great chance , but it n't it ,\" Slade . \" You to your cloth accordingly . There rules in place . \" Slade : \" You ca n't just \u00a3 5m here or there . Whatever we it will to under financial constraints . \"", "Next to a tax avoidance scheme a rate-booster . The court Next UK profits to foreign subsidiaries to tax relief on overseas profits . Such schemes a way in which firms corporation tax on foreign profits that then back to the UK parent firm . Under rules to double taxation of company profits , firms able to credit for tax on money they overseas . But some companies able to the rules through the creation of artificial arrangements what HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) to as \" complex circular movements of money between companies in the same group , so they can there double taxation \" . as rate-booster schemes , this companies to corporation tax by profits in the UK to foreign subsidiaries . The foreign subsidiary then tax on those profits - often at a lower rate of corporation tax - before the profits back to the UK parent company . Finally , the UK parent company credits from HMRC for the tax already by its subsidiary . As a result , companies able to far more tax on their overseas profits than actually the case . Legal changes in 2005 and 2009 rate-booster schemes no longer possible or attractive , HMRC . The Next case the second to court , a 2013 ruling against P & O Ferries , although the firm against the decision and an appeal judgement outstanding . HMRC about \u00a3 130m in tax at stake across 20 rate-booster cases , which the P & O and Next decisions . About 70 rate-boosters already by companies that to to court . This in more than \u00a3 500m in tax , it . HMRC 's director general of business tax , Jim Harra , : \" This case how HMRC effective action against big businesses that to tax through convoluted , artificial avoidance schemes . HMRC all businesses to well clear of such schemes . \" In a statement , Next it the tax to HMRC \" some years ago \" and that this fully for at the time . The retailer the dispute between itself and HMRC as \" a technical debate around complex legislation \" which now . It that current UK law generally companies to \" their profits without a tax charge \" .", "The \" bemusement park \" at a derelict seaside lido in Weston-super-Mare thousands of visitors when it last summer . Other awards nominees electronica band Years and Years and the BBC Two adaptation of Wolf Hall . The winners will at a ceremony , by Lord Melvyn Bragg , at London 's Savoy Hotel on 5 June . Now their 20th anniversary , the awards \" the very best of British culture and achievement \" . Banksy in the visual art category against Cornelia Parker for Magna Carta ( An Embroidery ) at The British Library and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye : Verses After Dusk at the Serpentine Gallery . Historical drama Wolf Hall in the TV drama category alongside Channel 4 's Humans and Doctor Foster ( BBC One ) . In the pop category , Benjamin Clementine , Years and Years , and Sleaford Mods head to head . The film category Ex Machina , 45 Years and Brooklyn , while the theatre contenders Oresteia , People , Places and Things and Hangmen . Lord Bragg the South Bank Sky Arts Awards a \" freeze-frame on a unique moment in British cultural history \" . He : \" This the 20th of these annual awards and a ripple through the records an extraordinary tapestry of talent , ever-changing but always the same in its high quality . \" 2016 FULL LIST OF NOMINEES", "Last year , David Smith , 37 , of Aviemore , surgery to the tumour close to his spine . He BBC Radio Scotland that the MRI scan he earlier this week the first scan since 2013 not to a tumour . Smith it better than gold at the London Paralympics in 2012 . The athlete the medal in rowing . that success he to in cycling . However , the tumour that pursuit and even his spine and him from . Smith he the results of his latest MRI scan , it would still the tumour . He : \" I almost out . I I to sick and I n't even to at the scan . \" After the scan the athlete he through a \" rollercoaster of emotions \" . He : \" It two or three hours for it to in . When it in I on the train home and I just . \"", "Honda Racing team bosses that Martin 's highly return to the event not to . Martin at the Isle of Man TT in June while the Honda machine mechanical problems this year . \" Naturally I disappointed but it not surprising the difficulties the team ,\" UGP clerk of the course Noel Johnston . He : \" I for a different outcome as Guy obviously a big fan favourite , and he never any secret in the past of his love for the circuit , which after all the international where he the most success over the years . \" I sure the decision n't lightly by him or the team and I Guy well , whatever the next step in his career may . \" this news aside , I very happy with the strength of this year 's entry . We some incredible performances this season from the likes of Peter Hickman , Michael Dunlop and Dean Harrison in particular , and I no doubt they will the same spectacular form to Dundrod . \" Everyone will there to their season on a high , and the field wide open - I we could a few dark horses in the mix and ready to their mark at the world 's fastest road race . \"", "The price below 4.8 euros in early trading , before to above 5 euros by late afternoon . Carbon permits a mechanism to carbon dioxide emissions , as companies to to C02 . A sharp drop in demand for energy to a massive oversupply of permits . Critics of the EU 's Emissions Trading System also that the European Union too many permits in the first place . The EU up to 900 million permits to this oversupply . \" There too many permits because of the recession ,\" Isaac Valero , spokesman for EU Climate Commissioner Connie Hedegaard . The price of carbon slightly on Monday after demand for an auction of 3.5 million permits stronger than . A weak carbon price efforts to C02 emissions . The price of carbon to a good deal higher than 5 euros - some between 25 and 30 euros - to an adequate incentive for companies to emissions and in cleaner technologies , experts . The carbon market central to Europe 's efforts to its climate change target of a 20 % reduction in C02 emissions from 1990 levels by 2020 .", "The contractor , Smartty 's Management Limited , to the excess payment , the government . On Wednesday , Transport Minister Dzifa Attivor a public outcry over the deal . Ghana with a large budget deficit and a public debt . The branding the 116 passenger buses and portraits of the current President John Mahama , his three immediate predecessors and Ghana 's first head of state , Kwame Nkrumah . A proper procurement method \" not and the contract not value for money ,\" the government after a review by Attorney General Marietta Brew Appiah-Opong . Opposition and anti-corruption campaigners concerns over the amount , which they far too much , the presidency to up an investigation . The BBC 's Sammy Darko in the capital , Accra , many people the government not enough to budget mismanagement . They to people for financial loss to the state , he . Mrs Attivor 's resignation the first by a Ghanaian minister in more than a decade and amid efforts by the government to spending as it a three-year International Monetary Fund plan to fiscal stability . Earlier this week , Mr Mahama public officials , ministers , from first class air travel and he non-essential trips .", "The raids a day after it a Frenchman by police the murder of three people at the Brussels Jewish Museum . Mehdi Nemmouche , 29 , at a station in Marseille on Friday . Prosecutors he responsibility for the attack and more than a year in Syria . Interior Minister Bernard Cazaneuve Europe 1 radio on Monday : \" There people who jihadists . There as I arrests . \" \" We everywhere . There will no respite in the fight against terrorists . \" There no suggestion of a link between the four arrests on Monday and the detention of Mr Nemmouche during a random check on a coach from Amsterdam in southern France on Friday . But Mr Nemmouche to links with radical Islamists and five years in jail in France for robbery before in December 2012 . When he , he with him a Kalashnikov rifle and a handgun to in the attack , the Paris prosecutor . He also to a white sheet with the name of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , a jihadist group in Syria , and a camera with a 40-second video the two guns and a voice recording , responsibility for the killings . on French radio station RTL on Monday , the head of French Jewish association CRIF , Roger Cukierman , for more resources to to the foreign intelligence service , the DGSE , to militants to France from Syria . He \" they would 700 time bombs when they \" , to the number of French-born jihadists in Syria . Belgium Mr Nemmouche 's extradition from France and police to whether to his detention until Thursday . Three people when a gunman fire at the museum in the busy Sablon area of the Belgian capital on 24 May. They an Israeli couple in their 50s , and a French female volunteer . A Belgian man , to an employee of the museum , critically .", "John McIlwaine , up in Portadown , County Armagh , but at the University of Bradford . He at the age of 49 on Tuesday night . He in charge of the team that the remains of Danny McIlhone in 2008 and Charlie Armstrong in 2010 . Mr Armstrong 's daughter Anna McShane his dedication . \" I him as an awfully nice man who so good to our family . He tirelessly in the most dreadful conditions to my father ,\" she . \" May he in peace . \" Mr McIlwaine previously it as a \" privilege \" to searches for the Disappeared and their success far predictions at the start of the process . Geoff Knupfer , the chief forensic scientist and investigator with the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains ( ICLVR ) , : \" John work with the ICLVR in 2006 and with his great knowledge and experience a huge contribution to our work . \" for the in bleak and inhospitable places a special kind of dedication and commitment as well as great skill and that what John in abundance . \" Seventeen people - 16 men and a woman - and by republicans between 1972 and 2003 . The ICLVR in 1999 to information in strictest confidence that may to the location of the remains of the . The bodies of 10 people . Sandra Peake , from the Wave Trauma Centre , which the families of the since 1995 , : \" John a way of the science which families more clearly what to their ones . \" There a bond between John and the families and that today in the number of them who Wave to their shock and sorrow . \" A spokesman for the University of Bradford staff and students by the tragedy . \" John an incredibly motivated , loyal and reliable individual ,\" he . \" He and hundreds of students in archaeological sciences , he the local community in West Yorkshire in so many ways and he a life 's ambition in to the pain and suffering of families of the Disappeared . \" This a very sad time for staff and students at the University of Bradford , both present and past . \"", "Energy firm Island Gas Limited ( IGas ) to out test drilling on Springs Road , in Misson , Bassetlaw . Campaign group Bassetlaw Against Fracking the drilling operation would \" devastating \" for wildlife . Nottinghamshire County Council the application not proposals for hydraulic fracturing - better as fracking . IGas to out test drilling to the suitability of the rock for shale gas extraction , through fracking . A separate application would to to out fracking . IGas to one vertical exploratory shale gas well , for about 14 weeks , and possibly a second horizontal well , for about 19 weeks . During drilling , operations would place 24 hours a day . The authority at the project 's peak there would an average of 18 heavy goods vehicles and 10 light vehicles the site each day . David Larder , campaign group chairman , : \" We to the 24 hour a day drilling for several months . The noise of this operation and the vibration will a devastating effect upon the wildlife . \" Sally Gill , planning manager for the county council , : \" If permission , the test drilling would IGas to the potential resource of shale gas beneath the surface . \" on the results of the test drilling , IGas may , or may not , permission to the shale gas fracking , but that would a separate planning application which would subject to further consultation . \" Before this stage of the exploration process , the company to methane levels in groundwater for 12 months . A separate application , which yet to .", "Officials the photo of Ms Badu in The Star newspaper \" an insult to Islam \" . The paper . The Grammy-award winner due to on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur and to at the news . Muslim-majority Malaysia previously other international artists to modestly for their concerts . Tattoos in Islam and the word \" Allah \" in a way disrespectful many Muslims . The photo of Ms Badu with several words in Arabic and Hebrew on her body prominently on her official fan site . It not clear whether Ms Badu 's body art permanent . The Culture , Arts and Heritage Ministry it not aware of the tattoos when it initially the concert , the BBC 's Jennifer Pak in Kuala Lumpur . Some Muslims after The Star the photo . Now the culture ministry it in Ms Badu 's concert because it religious sensitivities and cultural values . Information Minister Rais Yatim a government committee to the show because Ms Badu 's body art \" an insult to Islam and a very serious offence \" . to the statement , the body art \" public criticism that could national security and a negative impact to the government 's image \" . Concert organisers in touch with officials and the cancellation will , the Associated Press news agency . Ms Badu , 41 , already in Malaysia . She \" worried and dismayed \" over the incident , to the concert organiser . The Home Ministry The Star to why it the photo . The Star already , its inclusion in Monday 's edition \" inadvertent \" . \" We deeply any offence to Muslims and sincerely for the oversight ,\" the paper on Tuesday .", "The Kemp 's ridley turtle one of two on beaches near Formby , Merseyside , and Cumbria 's Walney Island on 22 December . The reptile in Merseyside soon after , but the other after at the Lake District Coast Aquarium in Maryport . Aquarium owner Mark Vollers it to itself . The turtles to from the Gulf of Mexico 5,000 miles ( 8,000 km ) away and among a small number which up on British and European shores last month . Mr Vollers BBC Cumbria : \" We we a 50 / 50 chance , which would if it . \" It some sustenance in other ways but not really enough to . \" We a strict protocol at after consultation with vets here and in other countries - people who experience of this species of turtle . \" The turtle , possibly about 20 , now with a specialist vet who will the cause of death . Source : World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF )", "Tomkins the Super League champions with immediate effect for an undisclosed fee , a contract until the end of 2018 . He to the crowd during the half-time interval of Wigan 's 48-4 defeat of Widnes on Wednesday . The 27-year-old three Tests for the England rugby union side in 2013 . Media playback not on this device \" I 'd to Saracens for the opportunity to a different sport , a different lifestyle and also for my development which me to my country ,\" Tomkins Wigan 's website . \" However , after a long thought-out process and at this stage in my life , I that the timing right to home . \" I very grateful to Wigan Warriors for me back to the best rugby club in the world . It everything to me to on the famous cherry and white jersey again . \" Tomkins , who his Wigan debut as an 18-year-old , Saracens at the end of the 2011 season , shortly after a stunning try in the Challenge Cup final win over Leeds . He currently from a back injury and not to fit for about four weeks . His decision to to rugby league a boost for the sport , after England international Sam Burgess codes and a move to Bath for next season . Tomkins 's younger brother Sam Wigan for NRL side New Zealand Warriors at the end of last season , after the club to a Super League and Challenge Cup double . Media playback not on this device", "Wildsmith , a product of the club 's academy , 18 appearances for the Owls in all competitions . The 21-year-old a loan spell with then-League One side Barnsley in 2015 , two appearances . \" I delighted to for the club long term , it great that the club in me and me as part of the future ,\" he the club website .", "Cook , 25 , 25 goals in the National League last season , the Bluebirds to a mid-table finish . He to Holker Street after a stint at Grimsby in July 2014 . \" The lad to League football and I ca n't and wo n't a go at players who to at a higher level ,\" Cox BBC Radio Cumbria . \" There clubs at our level who in for him , but his agent categorically he n't to for another Conference club . \" It one we might to patient on . \"", "The cub will the first giant panda to in Hong Kong . Earlier this year , 10-year-old Ying Ying naturally and also artificially . However , the staff at Ocean Park unsure which method in the successful pregnancy . Ying Ying to mainland China 's Sichuan province this spring to part in a breeding programme . The 100kg female - by the park as \" inquisitive , active and vigilant \" - to naturally with two male pandas on five different occasions and one of the attempts successful . But to the chances of a viable pregnancy , Ying Ying also artificially . ultrasound scans in late September she a foetus , Ocean Park officials . Two panda maternity specialists to Hong Kong from Sichuan to pre - and post-natal support and the park 's executive director of zoological operations Suzanne Gendron she \" cautiously optimistic \" about the birth . Panda reproduction a notoriously difficult process , with females only once a year . It common for giant pandas to the foetus into the womb in the late stages of pregnancy . The gestation period typically five months and one or two cubs usually .", "Dozens of others in critical condition after the fire , apparently by fireworks off by a heavy metal band . Officials it possible the number of fatalities could . The news as thousands silently through the Romanian capital in memory of the victims . People flowers and candles at a memorial outside the nightclub . Romanian President Klaus Iohannis safety regulations to at the club . The fire out at about 23:00 local time ( 21:00 GMT ) on Friday at the Colectiv club , which a free rock concert by the band Goodbye to Gravity . Up to 400 people to inside . Survivors the fireworks the ceiling and a pillar to fire and heavy smoke . A stampede for the exit . More than 140 people in hospital , some with severe burns . On Sunday officials all of the dead . Romania three days of national mourning .", "Jonathan Baines , 44 , also as \" Willy \" , dead at a house on Ropery Road , Gainsborough , on 1 August . Pamela McLaggan , 51 , of Greystones Road , murder but guilty to manslaughter . Prosecutors her plea . She in custody at Lincoln Crown Court ahead of sentencing on 21 December . The court Mr Baines out for the day at Market Rasen races before to Gainsborough and pubs in the town .", "Ayla Ellison , of Ulverston , Cumbria , severe brain damage a \" traumatic \" birth at Furness General Hospital , Barrow , in April 2007 . In 2012 , Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust staff negligence . At London 's High Court earlier it the trust will a tax-free sum every year for the rest of Ayla 's life . Mr Justice Warby the organisation must an index-linked amount at \u00a3 225,000 and to \u00a3 290,000 when she 18 . While it at fault , the trust the value of the claim for damages . It financial assistance to the family since 2012 . Ayla , now eight , totally immobile and dependent on through a tube . The court she at constant risk of hypothermia as she cannot her body temperature . Despite her immobility , she muscle spasms that her \" inconsolably at the top of her voice for hours \" . Painkillers not the pain , which can only by immersion in a hydrotherapy pool . Ayla 's father now in London and the settlement \u00a3 1.6m to a family home in Richmond . Further money will to it to Ayla 's needs and a hydrotherapy pool . The judge a \u00a3 295,000 lump sum for Ayla 's pain , suffering and disability and he tribute to her parents for the \" calm and intelligent way \" they with the tragedy . Trust medical director David Walker : \" We very sorry for the harm to Ayla and the distress to her family as a result of the issues from her birth . \" The injuries she very severe and a tragedy for her and her family . Her parents to with extraordinary pressures in after her . \"", "Judge Clifford Bellamy Leicester City Council not a \" robust risk assessment \" of the boy 's great-great-uncle who for sexual abuse . The city 's family court the nine-year-old a \" complex \" home life . The judge the boy should into foster care . A city council spokesman the child already to an \" appropriate placement . \" The judge in a ruling the boy 's mother mental health problems and from his father several years ago and now in a lesbian relationship . His father dwarfism , an alcohol problem and of unlawful sex with a 16-year-old girl when he 21 . Updates from this story and more from Leicestershire The boy in the care of his great-great-uncle , who in his 70s , who an eight-year jail term in the early 1990s . He unlawful sexual intercourse and a serious sexual offence with his niece when she between 11 and 13 . Judge Bellamy the man on licence after five years and as \" low risk \" . The concerns after the judge to decisions about the long-term future of the boy at the hearing . He the council \" any sense of urgency \" in the case to the attention of a family court judge . A city council spokesman : \" This case not to appropriately , or with the urgency , and our own review under way . \" We already in place new systems to and the way assessments out , and further work under way to court proceedings . \" The judge also that none of those in the case could .", "The country 's Privacy Protection Commission Facebook of questions from European regulators . Internet users also to privacy software to Facebook them , regardless of whether they accounts with it . The social network it with data protection law and the Belgian watchdog 's authority . The commission Facebook after to out more about its practices . \" Facebook on European and Belgian privacy laws ,\" it after a report changes that the company to its privacy policies in January . In a statement , it that Facebook to Belgian and other EU national jurisdictions , it subject only to the law in Ireland , the site of its European headquarters . \" Facebook itself particularly miserly in precise answers ,\" the watchdog , that the results of its study \" disconcerting \" . The body , which with its German , Dutch , French and Spanish counterparts , that Facebook would not in detail how it data it . A Facebook spokeswoman the Belgians' authority but it would the study 's recommendations with the Irish data protection commissioner . \" We hard to sure people control over what they and with whom . \" Facebook already in Europe and with European data protection law , so the applicability of the [ commission 's ] efforts unclear ,\" she . This the second report this year on Facebook 's use of data from the Belgian Privacy Commission . In February , it it \" too much burden \" on users to its complex settings .", "The drama , which of the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and their servants , will into production next year . This in addition to the special one-off episode which will at Christmas . by writer Julian Fellowes , who to for the next series , the show first in 2010 . \" It fantastic that Downton to such a phenomenon - still the most popular drama on ITV in its fifth series - and we thrilled to a sixth series ,\" Steve November , ITV 's director of drama commissioning . \" We n't yet what Julian , but we forward to with him , the fantastic cast and Carnival again , and no doubt series six will unmissable . \" Producers yet to the full cast . Earlier this week Hugh Bonneville , who Lord Grantham , to Newsbeat about some of the celebrities , Kim Kardasian and Kanye West , who to fans of the show . \" It only a matter of time before they on the show ,\" Bonneville about the pair . \" Hillary Clinton and John Kerry [ United States Secretary of State ] fans of the show too . \" To them like the show as well as to countries and economies great . \" The fifth series of Downton Abbey on Sunday 9 November . @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Mr Hammond reports of angry rows between the two as \" tittle tattle \" although he jokingly he occasionally . Mrs May she \" focused on 8 June \" . Mr Hammond and Mrs May at a press conference they to Labour 's election manifesto . questions from journalists after Labour 's pledges a multibillion pound \" black hole \" , they about reports of a rift between their offices since the U-turn over National Insurance in March 's Budget . by BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg whether they would \" still neighbours \" after the general election - the chancellor 's official residence 11 Downing Street - Mrs May : \" I it true to that the chancellor and I and every other member of my team on 8 June . \" She also to an endorsement of her chancellor , that she \" very happy to so \" . \" As Philip , we together for many years ,\" she . \" Longer than we would to - that an age-related comment , nothing else . \" Mr Hammond he and Mrs May \" very closely together \" . He : \" What I candidly - and my family will this - I occasionally . \" This morning the chancellor 's admission that he sometimes , as he to down reports of rows with Team May , wo n't . Nor will the PM twice to he would still her chancellor if she . She , at the third time of him her endorsement . And him after the election if the Tories would a dramatic and risky move . But this morning 's excursion wo n't relations between the two addresses . Laura 's blog", "The US network it \" not an easy decision \" and \" enormous respect \" for its creators and cast . in the 1970s , the series of a charismatic record executive to his label . Its ensemble cast Bobby Cannavale in the lead role , Olivia Wilde as his wife and Sir Mick 's son James as a rebellious British singer . Sir Mick and Scorsese among the show 's executive producers , with the latter its pilot episode . The series premiere in February by 764,000 viewers , though the average audience subsequently to 650,000 . \" After careful consideration , we not to with a second season of Vinyl ,\" HBO in a statement . \" We enormous respect for the creative team and for their hard work and passion on this project . \" Ray Romano , another actor in the cast , an Australian newspaper on Thursday the cancellation like \" a knife in the guts \" . Wilde , meanwhile , her Twitter followers for their \" kind words \" and she part of \" something special \" .", "In its annual report , the charity its local workers out a total of 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015 / 16 . The callers most at risk between 12 and 15 . Across the UK as whole , the number of calls from suicidal children almost from the total five years ago . The figure that youngsters by suicidal thoughts Childline 19,481 times throughout the UK last year - an average of one call every 30 minutes . The charity also girls more likely to its help than boys . Geraldine McConaghy , a senior supervisor with Childline Northern Ireland , suicidal thoughts a result of the \" pressures that young people under \" . \" They might poor mental health , they might pressure from school , pressure within the family ,\" she . \" When they to us , what we that , on average , one child in Northern Ireland Childline each day who suicidal . \" One 17-year-old girl who the charity last year she difficulties at college and the lessons \" a struggle \" . \" In the past , I to some time off because I with mental health problems ,\" the caller Childline staff . \" Sometimes I so stressed and useless ; I just to out . \" I sometimes like I to . \" Childline Northern Ireland 's service manager , Mairead Monds , : \" We to that there children and young people in Northern Ireland that significant mental health problems , self-esteem issues , isolation and feelings of worthlessness . \" These children who very little support and who very often that life simply not worth . \"", "The new boathouse , which will the building on Foreshore Road , will home to a new \u00a3 2m Shannon class lifeboat . The Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) building work would in autumn and a year to . Plans by Scarborough Borough Council 's planning and development committee . RNLI divisional operations manager Andrew Ashton : \" We delighted that the plans today and this an exciting new era in Scarborough RNLI 's rich and long lifesaving history . \" The lifeboat station will from various RNLI sources legacies , donations and fundraising activities . The Shannon class lifeboat will Scarborough 's current Mersey class lifeboat in 2016 . John Senior , Scarborough RNLI lifeboat operations manager , : \" While it will a shame to a fond farewell to our facilities , which us admirably over the decades , it time to to the future . \" Plans for the lifeboat station despite a number of objections from local residents who the building would not \" in with buildings \" , with one it a \" monstrosity \" .", "The 30-year-old , from the World Championships by USA Swimming after a drink-drive conviction , in one minute 54.75 seconds in Texas . Phelps , an 18-time Olympic champion , also the year 's fastest times to the 100m and 200m butterfly . Ryan Lochte world 200m individual medley gold in 1:55.81 on Thursday . American Lochte , 31 , also the world record for the event of 1:54.00 , which he in 2011 . \" Ryan and I pretty dominant in that race since we back in 2004 ,\" Phelps . \" I forward to back in and with him . \" I away from the sport for a while and I like I kind of back where I to . It good to here . \" On Saturday , Phelps the 100m butterfly in 50.45 seconds , faster than the 50.56 South African Chad Le Clos to world gold on the same day . A day earlier , Phelps the American 200m butterfly title in one minute 52.94 seconds in San Antonio - 0.54secs faster than Hungary 's Laszlo Cseh in the world title in Kazan , Russia . Phelps , who of drink-driving in December and a six-month ban from competition , now a record 55 national titles .", "The man , of 23 , on suspicion of death by dangerous driving over the collision on the A500 at about 04:45 BST . The two men who , both 22 , from the north Staffordshire area , police . Part of the southbound carriageway for seven hours after the crash at Cliffe Vale , a spokesman . The road since . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman it quickly apparent to crews at the scene \" that nothing could to two men that in the car \" . They dead at the scene . A third man \" for multiple minor injuries \" and to Royal Stoke University Hospital . Anyone with any information about the collision to police on 101 .", "Protesters on the the streets since Freddie Gray 's death on 19 April - a week after a police encounter where he unexplained injuries . Shops and objects at police , several officers . It the first time in the history of professional baseball that fans out of a game . The game at Camden Yards at 14:05 EDT due to the city 's 22:00 curfew in the wake of the riots , with Baltimore 8-2 . Among the few able to the match those who for balcony rooms in the nearby Hilton Hotel , which the stadium . Journalists to the game that the voices of players on the infield could clearly . \" Attention media : For record-keeping purposes , today 's official attendance ... zero ,\" an announcement over the press box public address system . Other reports the stadium still the traditional US baseball anthem - Me Out To The Ballgame - during the traditional seventh-inning stretch . The Orioles and Major League Baseball officials the decision to out fans for safety reasons . But Brendan Hurson , one of the 40 spectators by a fence near the stadium 's main gate , it a opportunity and up a sign \" n't Freddie Gray \" . Six police officers Gray 's death and an internal investigation under way . On Sunday , more than 1,000 protesters on the streets of Baltimore and at least 12 arrests . Gray , who 25 , the latest of a series of black Americans to in police custody in recent months , angry protests the police of brutality .", "The Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances the crash at Pandy on the main road between Abergavenny and Hereford at about 15:10 BST . The A465 Hereford Road in both directions but it to on Thursday evening .", "The company by KPMG as bidders last month . Ferguson , which into administration with the loss of 70 jobs , will Ferguson Marine Engineering . Mr McColl to facilities at the Port Glasgow yard and work in the renewables sector . He also to the workforce from its pre-administration level of 77 to 120 people . Joint administrator Blair Nimmo : \" It extremely pleasing to the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in such a short timeframe and to buyers who can the potential in the business and its skilled workforce . \" We would to those employees , and all parties with an interest in Ferguson Shipbuilders , various government agencies , for their patience and support during this period . \" We would also to Clyde Blowers Capital every success for the future . \" As new owners they an ambitious vision to on its heritage and a successful shipbuilding and marine engineering business on the Clyde . \" Mr McColl : \" We pleased to the purchase of Ferguson 's and by its potential to into a marine engineering business . \" He : \" Work now well underway to a plan to Ferguson 's , and we forward to with the key stakeholders in that rebuilding process . \"", "Michael Coe , 35 , the two 16-year-olds in the street in Newham , east London , in April and to if they Muslims . Southwark Crown Court the Muslim convert then the girl a \" whore \" , before the boy to the ground . Coe also a teacher who to the couple . Judge Michael Gledhill QC the two children they Muslim when by Coe . \" Why ? Because they frightened of what you would if they you the truth , that they in fact Muslim ,\" Jude Gledhill . He : \" At the time of these offences you either extremist views or views that very close to extremist views . \" Coe \" \" the boy - who half his size - he in self-defence , but in August of assault actual bodily harm and battery . The court the father of two in prison by al-Qaeda terrorist Dhiren Barot in 2007 while an eight-year term for a shotgun at police during an arrest . Coe also of religiously harassment in 2013 after a Muslim woman to a group of men and her that it against Islam . The defendant , also as Mikaeel Ibrahim , a close associate of hate preacher Choudary , founder of the organisation al-Muhajiroun , of which Coe a member . Prosecutor Jonathan Polnay a victim impact statement from the boy . \" He the offence his life quite a lot ,\" My Polnay . \" He n't his friends outside of school . \" He also up with the girl who his girlfriend at the time . \"", "It that those 60 and over the fastest population in English and Welsh prisons , with an increase of 146 % between 2002 and 2014 . Those 50-59 the second fastest-growing group , the report . The government it \" committed to suitable facilities \" . The report as Prisons Minister Andrew Selous due to evidence on older prisoners to the Commons justice select committee . Longer sentences more people frail in prison , but high rates of social and support needs unmet , the trust . Two in five prisoners over 50 now a disability of some kind , the report . Trust director Juliet Lyon : \" In the last few years , prison to a punitive holding operation for people older and sicker behind bars . \" Prisons less safe and less decent than they even a year ago when we our last report . \" An incoming administration of government in May 2015 must not this deterioration in prison standards and conditions as the new normal . \" Although the prison population at around 84,500 in England and Wales - 20 % higher than it 12 years ago - the National Offender Management Service to more than \u00c2 \u00a3 700m in savings over the last three years and a further \u00c2 \u00a3 149m in 2014-15 . The proportion of prisons whose performance \" of concern \" or \" of serious concern \" to the National Offender Management Service from 13 % in 2012-13 , to 23 % in 2013-14 . Prisons minister Andrew Selous , : \" We committed to suitable facilities and individual healthcare needs , as well as alongside charities such as Age UK and Recoop to older offenders . \" From April next year , local authorities will responsible for care and support for prisoners that , for the first time , we will a social care service alongside the healthcare already in prisons by the NHS . \"", "The incident on the Whiterock Road at about 15:00 GMT on Friday afternoon . Police it by people to up prescriptions , children . The man with two counts of criminal damage , disorderly behaviour and of assault on police . He due to at Belfast Magistrates Court on 5 December .", "Many more under rubble after hundreds of buildings . Thousands of people to refuge in temporary shelters and mosques . Some homeless after their houses , others their homes amid fears of aftershocks and a possible tsunami . Rescue workers diggers to rubble in their search efforts overnight on Wednesday . Others their bare hands and shovels to people . A few survivors out alive on Wednesday . More than 200 buildings either seriously or in the earthquake . The Pidie Jaya region , on the north Aceh coast , the hardest . The tremor just offshore early on Wednesday morning . Many of the homes in the area tin roofs which . Hundreds also to the sole hospital , which by patients . Banda Aceh , the provincial capital , one of the worst areas by the 2004 tsunami , by a massive earthquake .", "Armagh defender Aidan Forker and Louth 's Anthony Williams early in the game . Goals from Ciaran McKeever and Rowland Armagh to a 2-5 to 0-6 half-time lead and Jamie Clarke the third . Antrim their relegation worries with CJ McGourty in a 1-10 to 0-11 win against Laois , who Damien O'Connor red-carded before half-time . Conor Murray two points at Corrigan Park as the Saffrons into an early 0-4 to 0-1 lead , but Ross Munnelly and David Conway on target as Louth . The decisive period in the game just before the break with McGourty 's goal and the dismissal of O'Connor . Antrim 1-5 to 0-6 at half-time but Laois on the restart thanks to points from Ambrose Doran and Alan Farrell . Paddy McBride the host 's advantage only for James Finn to it all-square again . CJ McGourty over three of Antrim 's final four points as they clear to a valuable win to the Ulster side sixth in the standings . \" If we n't the two points from this game we would up against it ,\" Antrim joint-manager Gearoid Adams . \" CJ McGourty by example with pressure frees and we over the line - we must on now . \" There a dramatic opening at the Gaelic Grounds with Forker red-carded after 50 seconds by McKeever 's goal and the exit of Williams on 10 minutes . The Orchard visitors a blistering start , to a 2-3 to 0-1 lead with Rowland in the second goal . Louth pair Paraic Smith and Ryan Burns each three first-half points and the Division Three pacesetters 2-5 to 0-6 at the break . Armagh over seven of the opening eight points at the start of second half to off Louth hopes . Grimley the posts twice to his tally to five points and three from Clarke , who also a late penalty . Armagh third but just a point behind Louth and new leaders Tipperary . Orchard forward Rory Grugan four points and he happy with his team 's display . \" We under pressure to our promotion hopes alive and it up to us to in a performance ,\" he . \" It a mad start and these things in games but we well with a goal and we in good shape at half-time . \"", "Clotilde Nonnez , a 56-year-old yoga teacher , she in the capital for 30 years and her health . However , it worse than ever when pollution in Paris record levels last December . Her lawyer air pollution 48,000 French deaths per year . \" We the state to because we the medical problems that pollution victims as a result of the authorities' lack of action in air pollution ,\" Fran\u00c3 \u00a7 ois Lafforgue Le Monde newspaper . More cases would in the weeks , in Lyon , Lille and elsewhere , he . Paris for years to high levels of smog and the authorities fines for any vehicle not a \" Crit'Air \" emissions category sticker - part of a scheme to lower-emitting vehicles . Several routes in the capital now restrictions on car use and a 3km ( 1.8-mile ) stretch of the Right Bank of the River Seine pedestrianised . Ms Nonnez she a healthy life , first as a dancer and more recently as a yoga teacher , but increasingly from respiratory problems , from chronic asthma to pneumonia . When pollution the worst levels for a decade last December , her bronchial condition an acute pericarditis attack . \" The doctor me Paris air so polluted that we rotten air . She other patients like me , children and babies too . My cardiologist the same ,\" she the France Info website .", "Earlier this week , he to the question of whether he homosexual sex a sin . But he the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show he \" passionate about LGBT-plus rights \" and equal marriage would \" at the top of my agenda \" . He also he to the marital rights of transgender people . on Channel 4 News on Friday , Mr Farron , who Norman Lamb to the leadership , three times if he homosexual sex a sin . Each time , he to a direct answer , instead to \" my firm belief we all sinners \" . Mr Farron by Andrew Marr why he against the Equality Bill in 2007 - a law which would it harder for businesses to against gay people . \" me crystal clear , I a liberal and I absolutely equality ,\" he . \" I passionate about LGBT-plus rights , for example , and as the leader of a liberal party , that something that will at the top of my agenda throughout the time that I leader of our party . \" Not just the law on equal marriage , but also there areas where it to . \" Mr Farron transgender people currently not equal access to marriage due to something as the spousal veto - which the husband or wife of someone who gender must their consent in order for the marriage to . He the Lib Dems an amendment to the Equality Bill because of concerns about \" protection of individual liberties \" and when that he against the bill . He not directly when what those concerns , but : \" I absolutely in favour of equal access under law for all people whatever their sexuality . \"", "Max Schrems the court to the Irish Data Protection Commissioner to Facebook to what material it on to the US authorities . The privacy watchdog previously the transfers under the Safe Harbour trade agreement . But a fortnight ago the European Court of Justice the pact invalid . The ECJ that as a consequence the Irish regulator indeed to Mr Schrems' complaint with \" all due diligence \" and ultimately whether to transfers if it the firm not an \" adequate level of protection \" to people 's privacy . the ruling , the Irish data commissioner guidance from the High Court about how it should , in the latest proceedings . Mr Schrems that whistleblower Edward Snowden 's leaks that Facebook - as well as other technology companies - \" US spy agencies for mass surveillance \" in breach of the EU 's Charter of Fundamental Rights . Facebook strongly \" backdoor \" access to the US intelligence agencies and its data-transfer processes by the Irish watchdog as recently as 2012 . The social network , whose European headquarters in Dublin , permission to its case at the High Court , but yet to out whether it will to so . \" We it critical that we the proceedings so that we can accurate information about our procedures and processes , as well as to inaccuracies that already ,\" a Facebook spokeswoman the BBC . Mr Schrems previously doubt on what information the California-based company might . \" Facebook very likely by ' gag orders' and not to such cooperation with US authorities ,\" he earlier this month . \" Facebook spokespersons [ who on the matter ] typically not the necessary security clearance to about such programmes themselves . \" The case could a precedent that how other EU regulators complaints about data to US-based computer servers for processing and storage . A spokeswoman for the Irish Data Protection Commissioner it not yet clear when the High Court would on how the dispute should .", "The 36-year-old former Watford and West Bromwich Albion defender without a club when he Blues on a one-month trial deal in September 2012 . But this new contract , in a player-coach role , his fourth for Blues as he to a career that now more than 700 appearances . Robinson not since off at Bournemouth on 6 April . But he still up 36 appearances this season , his total number of games in a royal blue shirt to 119 . \" Robbo an influential person around the dressing room and a good help to me since I in ,\" Rowett BBC WM . \" And I still he can something on the pitch . \" There an opportunity to a squad defender and still influential around the club and some of the youngsters in a coaching capacity , maybe one or two days a week . \" Sometimes it hard to someone that can a multitude of things . They can the young players with that game understanding and that knowledge of things and things properly in football , because that something you n't often in academies . \" Every time he on the captain 's armband he it everything he . He a real winner and a real leader and sometimes I n't there enough of those around clubs in the game . \"", "It recently nine properties in areas Poole . The service neighbours not before the devices off . It people who to them to residents in advance to \" false alarms \" . British Pest Control Association ( BPCA ) them as \" aggressive \" products . Firefighters also to homes in Bournemouth , Weymouth , Wool , and Woolland , near Hazelbury Bryan . Richard Moseley , technical manager for BPCA , such devices by the association in areas such as loft spaces and greenhouses to pests , cluster flies . \" a firework with insecticides off - that what you with ,\" he . \" Sometimes smoke can externally and in cases such as these we would the local fire service , but it not something an amateur would always of . \" They not for use in living areas , such as kitchens or rooms , where there a greater risk of contamination , he . He there a \" lack of knowledge \" with over-the-counter products .", "The storms over the weekend six people , two Girl Guides who by a tree . Thousands of homes also . Poland 's chief forester Konrad Tomaszewski it would up to two years to the trees , and decades for the natural habitat to . He it \" undoubtedly the worst disaster in the history of Polish - and perhaps even European - forestry \" . It the storms down over eight million cubic metres of lumber across 45,000 hectares of forest . Some of the hardest areas Torun , Gdansk , and Poznan - all in the northern and western parts of the country . In Torun alone , the storms more than 23,000 hectares of forest . It also the habitats of rare species . In a statement ( in Polish ) , Polish State Forests they \" bird nests \" and \" dead animals that to the storm . \" The disaster as the Polish government criticism for in Europe 's oldest forest , which in the east of the country . The Bialowieza forest a Unesco world heritage site that along Poland 's border with Belarus , and home to rare wildlife . Unesco , EU officials , and green activists all logging there and last month the European Union 's top court that large-scale logging operations immediately . Logging in Europe 's oldest forest The Polish government by logging necessary to the forest from an infestation of bark beetle . The European Court of Justice will in a few months to whether the injunction will in place . The European Commission legal action against Warsaw , and if Poland the case it will liable for multimillion euro fines .", "Arbroath into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde . Cowdenbeath Montrose 2-0 , while Stirling Albion up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City . Edinburgh City all three points in their game against Annan thanks to Ryan Porteous' late header . Forfar ahead against Berwick when David Cox just before the interval with a neat header from six yards out . Lewis Milne then a second four minutes from time . Bobby Linn on target in the 31st minute for Arbroath ; the bottom corner with a neat finish . Martin Scott two in two minutes in the second half to victory for the Red Lichties , who their visitors in the table , before Ryan McCord a fourth late on . Nikolay Todorov Cowdenbeath ahead from the penalty spot in the 20th minute after Cammy Ballantyne Kris Renton in the area . And it from bad to worse for the visitors when Ballantyne a red card in the 29th minute for a foul on Craig Johnston . The hosts their lead through Renton 's 57th-minute header . Elgin the lead against Stirling when Darryl McHardy the bottom corner with a left-footed strike in the 29th minute . However , the visitors early in the second half when Marc McKenzie home at the back post from an Eddie Ferns cross . Stirling ahead when Blair Henderson from close range after Sean Dickson 's shot by the goalkeeper . Brian Cameron he a point for his side with a 76th-minute strike , but Jamie Mills the winner late on .", "Gerry McGowan , Michael Toner , Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly all teenagers when they of Lt Steven Kirby in 1979 . The so-called Derry Four Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998 . They now in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest . They four men also they to false imprisonment , assault , battery and malicious prosecution . The PSNI the BBC it would inappropriate to due to legal proceedings . On Friday , lawyers for the PSNI chief constable documents to the High Court in Belfast that all original interview notes from 1979 . \" I my first reaction one of disbelief but at the same time it not surprising ,\" Gerry McGowan . \" These documents could forensically to whether the statements with . \" they wilfully or it just complete incompetence ? \" It that no explanation as to how the notes missing . It yet another twist in a long battle for justice , to Paul O'Connor from the Pat Finucane Centre . \" It an incredible coincidence that in this particular case the interview notes missing ,\" he . \" It would vital to to the bottom of this to what in the original interview notes and this quite a blow for them . \" My heart out to the four men , clearly they in terms of the charges but they no justice . \" The four men now an application for the release of covert tape recordings of the interviews , which they by the security services .", "Media playback on your device 12 September 2015 Last at 12:39 BST The world 's most experienced space flier also by two crewmates , Denmark 's first-ever astronaut . Andreas Mogensen of the European Space Agency and Aidyn Aimbetov both less than 10 days in orbit . The three spacemen their parachute in central Kazakhstan after the International Space Station ( ISS ) at 9.39pm on Friday . Mogensen the crew \" a fantastic mission \" at the ISS , whose nine members five different nationalities at the time . \" This a superb example of what can together when we together across borders and boundaries ,\" he . Pictures from NASA TV .", "The number two seeds a 44-38 victory over China , who champions in London four years ago . out how to into fencing with our special guide . Romania , who sixth in the team epee in London , in control throughout the game after the opening bout . The Russian team their sixth bronze of these games with a narrow 37-31 victory over Estonia . to the BBC Sport newsletter to our pick of news , features and video to your inbox .", "An ultra low emission zone in London for the most polluting cars will into force in April 2019 and reports other cities will suit . The government will also a new air quality plan by the end of April . But Theresa May she will \" into account \" drivers to diesel cars by previous governments . Former Labour Chancellor Gordon Brown a lower vehicle tax in 2001 to people to diesel cars , as they more economical and to less harmful in terms of carbon dioxide emissions . But there concern from experts that the vehicles dangerous levels of nitrogen dioxide , which to thousands of premature deaths in the UK . The government to a new air quality plan after a \" final warning \" from the European Commission about breaches of legal air quality levels in the UK . It also two court cases in 2015 and 2016 over pollution levels by environmental lawyers ClientEarth . To the issue , a so-called \" toxin tax \" to out across several cities , drivers of diesel cars up to \u00c2 \u00a3 20 per day to into urban areas . Mayor of London Sadiq Khan on Tuesday that such a scheme - an the ultra low emission zone in the capital - would into force in two years' time , with a charge of \u00c2 \u00a3 12.50 for petrol cars that not Euro 4 standards and diesel vehicles that not Euro 6 standards . But motoring organisations diesel car drivers \" \" for a previous government 's policy . Mrs May now there will schemes to drivers who that diesel vehicles the right purchase . on her trip to Jordan and Saudi Arabia , she : \" Decisions will when we that [ air quality ] plan . \" But I very conscious of the fact that past governments people to diesel cars and we to that into account when we at what we in the future . \" She not out any specific plans , but there reports of a scrappage scheme that could people to of their diesel vehicles .", "McCann \" delighted \" with the seven new faces he in recent weeks , but it tough . \" guys hard as the club really n't any recruitment system behind it ,\" he . \" It something I 'll to our managing director , John Nelms , about because it so important . \" his first full season as Dundee boss , McCann recruitment \" top of the list of priorities \" for any manager and he to strides in that area ahead of the January transfer window . \" We help ,\" he . \" We our tails a bit this time . We a database so that January , if we to , we a list we can from rather than about crazy 24 hours a day calls , on Wyscout , at games . \" Despite the difficulty , Dundee to striker Sofien Moussa , midfielder Glen Kamara , defender Jack Hendry , winger Randy Wolters , midfielder Roarie Deacon and striker Rory Loy . Midfielder Scott Allan also to Dens Park on a season-long loan from Celtic . \" It a real team effort between the staff this summer ,\" McCann . \" We all in and our homework . \" You would n't the number of hours that into recruitment . It extensive . \" I delighted with the guys we in . They us something we n't . We two different types now in a lot of key positions . \" McCann recent recruit Moussa will clearance to his move before Tuesday 's League Cup match away to Raith Rovers . Dundee out of the competition at the group stage last season and McCann , who over in April and permanent manager in June , determined to a repeat . \" I n't to these games as a warm-up ,\" he . \" It important that we a mentality from the first game of the season - on Tuesday . \" I n't you can into the season half-cocked . \" We will every team we the same respect we 'd Rangers or Celtic . We will ready . \"", "Faull part of the famous British and Irish Lions side who New Zealand in Auckland in 1959 . He 12 appearances for Wales and in four of the six Tests in the 1959 Lions tour . He also three times for the Barbarians . John also the son of former international referee and former president of the Welsh Rugby Union , Wilf Faull .", "The 40-year-old 14-time major champion twice back surgery during 15 months out before in December , when he for 15th at the 17-man Hero World Challenge . Over the next five weeks he four full-field tournaments . \" That a concern , no doubt about it , but I also forward to it . I out long enough ,\" Woods . \" I through some pretty tough lows . There points when I n't whether I would a golf club again . \" But I good about it . I just to out there and it and what . \" Woods his 2017 season at the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego , which on Thursday . He will then at the Dubai Desert Classic from 2-5 February , by the Genesis Open at Riviera from 16-19 February and the Honda Classic in Palm Beach Gardens from 23-26 February . \" I my body in a pretty good state where I I can that workload , but I still to out there and it ,\" he . \" good about it and it two totally different things . \" Media playback not on this device", "The woman , who to anonymous , it just before 20:00 BST on Sunday . She the man in dark clothes and her to an ambulance . \" It a terrible shock . You just n't who you the door to ,\" she . The shooting at Glenwood Drive , Poleglass . The victim , a 56-year-old man , in a stable condition in hospital . The woman BBC News she for her grandson to over when the man to her door and there lots of children in the area . \" I n't much sleep , I up all night with my stomach ,\" she . \" It n't about if the kids the shooting . \" The woman she and a neighbour to the man while for the ambulance , which she quickly and him away . She she not the man local to her area . Stephen Magennis , a Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in councillor , the man \" five or six times in the leg \" . \" I for a long time now punishment attacks that no guns at all should onto the streets ,\" he . \" The message to loud and clear in the community and hopefully these groups will . \"", "Canadian Roger Thomas Clark to a key adviser for Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht . The US Department of Justice that Mr Clark Ulbricht about the best way to the site and how to the police . The Silk Road website down in late 2013 raids by the FBI and other law enforcement agencies . It a marketplace on the dark web through which many people illegal drugs . In May this year Ross Ulbricht to life in prison for and the site . The DoJ that Mr Clark a \" high-ranking \" operator on the Silk Road and instrumental in Ulbricht it . He advice about ways to the technology the site , sales and on the best way for Ulbricht to his real identity , US authorities . Mr Clark \" at least hundreds of thousands of dollars \" for this advice , the DoJ in a statement the arrest . \" Clark may in Thailand would him out of reach of US authorities , but our international partnerships him wrong ,\" FBI assistant director Diego Rodriguez . On the site and in other underground forums , Mr Clark to several nicknames \" Variety Jones , \" VJ \" , \" Cimon \" and \" Plural of Mongoose \" . Extradition proceedings against Mr Clark to him from a jail in Thailand to the US . He charges of narcotics conspiracy and money laundering . If guilty of both charges he could 30 years in jail .", "The 42-year-old man in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve , in Earnley , on Tuesday by Coastguards . Sussex Police the incident , which place in the Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT , as a \" tragic accident \" . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) and British Hang Gliding Association . A spokesman for Sussex Police they the AAIB would \" on the investigation into the cause of the crash \" .", "The African champions on the Europeans in Jeju , South Korea , as they to a place in the quarter-finals . Chambeshi his side some attractive football in the group stage and for more of the same on Wednesday . \" They a strong team but we the African champions , so at least that morale us a lot ,\" Chambeshi . He his team fully from the 1-0 defeat they against Costa Rica in their final Group C match . \" We Africa and I we the strength and power to Germany . They a strong team but we the African champions \" We to them , but they to us too . \" Zambia 's prospects by the return of captain Solomon Sakala who out the Costa Rica game through suspension . \" I happy the captain back in the team ; morale high and the boys forward to the game . \" Chambeshi part of Zambia 's Olympic squad 4-0 by Germany during the 1988 Games in Seoul . However , he revenge not his main motivation but the result to them through to the next stage . \" In football , there no revenge ; we everyone at that [ Seoul ' 88 defeat ] , but we that Seoul Olympics defeat . \" We to our very best so that we Germany . \" That time Germany [ Jurgen ] Klinsmann who a high-class player . \" We also good players , but now it a different scenario . \"", "Mr Yanukovych from China to Sochi in southern Russia for the meeting . He also a visit to Malta . Last month he a partnership deal with the EU , angry protests in Ukraine 's capital Kiev . opposition politician Yulia Tymoshenko reportedly off a prison hunger strike . The former prime minister 's daughter , Eugenia , her mother a request from protesters in Kiev to the fast . She reportedly the hunger strike on 25 November in protest at Mr Yanukovych 's failure to the EU deal . Thousands of anti-Yanukovych protesters outside the government building on Kiev 's Independence Square , bitter cold . They furious that he an 11th-hour U-turn in relations with the EU , to the association agreement that during years of negotiations . In Sochi , Mr Yanukovych \" preparation of a future treaty on strategic partnership \" with Russia , his press service . The talks various economic issues , the statement , without . Mr Putin Ukraine to Russia 's customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan - a union whose entry terms far less demanding than the EU 's . In recent months Russia Ukraine under economic pressure , long customs delays at the border and imports of Ukrainian sweets . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , a Tymoshenko ally and leader of the main opposition faction in parliament , the talks in Sochi . \" Their attempts to Ukraine to Russia not in any way ,\" he . \" If Yanukovych to anything with Russia about the customs union it will to a bigger wave of protests . \"", "More than 350 Roma people in the camp on La Petite Ceinture since mid-2015 . Activists many early ahead of the police action . The site to the national rail authority SNCF . France one of Europe 's toughest policies towards Roma . Most in camps that regularly and every year thousands . Amnesty International city authorities to a lasting housing solution for those in Paris - they would homeless in mid-winter . Hundreds of thousands of Roma - mostly from Romania and Bulgaria - to western Europe since the 1990s . The Council of Europe , the region 's main human rights body , that evictions \" counter-productive \" because they education and healthcare for Roma children . Council of Europe Secretary General Thorbjorn Jagland it crucial for French authorities to \" adequate , alternative accommodation \" for those , \" particularly as they to this action during winter \" . France 's unwanted Roma", "Hythe Ferry between Hythe and Southampton , by a train which along a 640m ( 2,000ft ) pier . The presenter his support to a community group 's aim to over the management of the pier and train . Its current operator numbers the ferry . Earlier this year , Hythe Ferry Ltd staff about possible redundancies , a \" year-on-year decline \" in passenger numbers and with higher operating costs . More than 9,000 people a petition for the service to . Peter King , of the Hythe Hythe Pier Train and Ferry Action Group , members to a \" viable modern ferry \" by a charitable trust over the management of the Victorian pier and \" \" the ferry operators of the costs of it . He a redevelopment project could \u00a3 2-3m but a trust would able to other sources of finance , lottery grants . Mr Snow : \" This train the oldest pier train anywhere in the world , so I to it open . We to everything we can to this extraordinary piece of our past . \"", "Corran \" Coz \" Powell , 21 , the collision in Braintree , Essex , in December 2014 . His family money to a particular area of land on which he about outdoor survival courses for disadvantaged young people . The centre would also as a venue for new bands and charity events . \" I ca n't of anything else we could that more fitting , or more Coz ,\" his mother Gennie . \" I he 'd 100 % behind it . If he now he 'd ' on Mum , ' . Mrs Powell even if they could not enough money to the land \" he and his plans around \" , his relatives would sure they through \" even if it just three acres \" . Mrs Powell her son , who from Gosfield , Essex , of \" other young people to , safe in and our countryside \" . \" He active outdoors and to woodland survival passionate about the skills and confidence it him ,\" she . On the family 's fundraising page , Mrs Powell : \" We the skills and knowledge to up the kind of Centre that Coz in mind but we not the money . \" The family will money from Mr Powell 's car insurance life cover towards its \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 target .", "Syd 's Garden will \" with little clues \" about the singer , to Stephen Pyle . as a restful area for patients and staff , it will in the grounds of Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018 . Barrett , a founder member of Pink Floyd , in 2006 after locally as a semi-recluse . more Cambridgeshire stories here The garden by sculptor Mr Pyle and Paul Herrington , a garden designer . Their charity , Art Garden Health , and green spaces for NHS hospitals at no public cost . Addenbrooke 's them a plot a year ago - and fundraising under way . Mr Pyle Barrett as a young man when the two Saturday art classes at Cambridge 's Homerton College . They also members of band Those Without , which Cambridge youth clubs and pubs between 1963 and 1965 . They together at the Cambridge School of Art before Barrett for London - and Mr Pyle a career in theatre set design . \" Syd 's sister he roses ,\" Mr Pyle . \" And there 'll a colour theme , which fans will . \" The artwork on his first solo album turquoise and orange , and Paul with those colours . \" There also a nod to Abbey Road 's crossing . \" The centrepiece will a circular sculpture , a teenage Barrett on a bicycle , with a guitar and a paint palette . \" This the Syd I at art school ,\" Mr Pyle . \" The 18-year-old , the free wheeler . \" He n't ambitious for glory , just very creative and anarchic . He very charismatic - and very , very talented . \" He Barrett as a \" celebrated son of Cambridge \" , who to the city and as a recluse until his death in 2006 . In October 2016 a specially-designed artwork in the foyer of the Cambridge Corn Exchange in October 2016 , where he his last live gig . A blue plaque also to him in Cambridge as part of BBC Music Day 2017 .", "The footage Mr Duterte and his supporters light of the assault by prison inmates in 1989 when he town mayor . He the female missionary so beautiful that \" the mayor should first \" . Critics this Mr Duterte \" unfit \" for the office of president . Mr Duterte 's supporters however the comments as a joke . The candidate for his irreverent speeches and of sexual conquests . One recent poll him over other contenders ahead of the 9 May election . The rape comments in a YouTube video the latest in a string of inflammatory statements - the mass executions of criminals - by Mr Duterte . In the video he to the missionary who while in a prison in the city of Davao in the southern Philippines and on to his remark to laughter at a campaign rally . President Benigno Aquino 's spokesman Herminio Coloma the comments Mr Duterte 's \" lack of fitness for the presidency \" and his \" utter lack of respect for women \" . A rival presidential candidate , Vice-President Jejomar Binay , the comments . \" You a crazy maniac who n't women and n't to president ,\" Mr Binay Mr Duterte in a statement . Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) Deputy Asia Director Phil Robertson the comments \" a disgusting endorsement of sexual violence \" for which Mr Duterte should utterly . In 2015 , HRW Mr Duterte as the death squad mayor for his tactics in with violent crime in Davao , with more than 1,000 people .", "The images all from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April and the contest open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone . The overall winner Paolo Ferla who \" Electric Bristol \" - a picture of the Clifton Suspension Bridge . Megan Witty , from 24 Hours In Bristol , the judges \" an incredibly tough job \" a winner . The competition entrants \" randomly \" one hour of the day or night in which they must at least one photograph . Mr Ferla , from Bath , he \" delighted \" to . He he a 10 second self-timer and then into the shot . \" Ten seconds not very long so it quite a few attempts - when we there the sky still quite bright , so we there for nearly 20 minutes for the sky to darker . \" It a beautiful bridge and as soon as the sun on it and the sky darker and the electric lights on - it just to life . \" Ms Witty the six judges \" n't always \" and one it \" heartbreaking \" for some not to . She about 75 % on cameras and about 25 % on mobile phones . The exhibition at the Harbourside Arts Centre near Millennium Square and until the middle of June .", "The world 's number one aeroplane manufacturer sales of $ 94.6bn , down 2 % , and net earnings of $ 4.9bn , 5 % lower . It revenues likely to further in 2017 , to between $ 90.5bn and $ 92.5bn . But the US company also to more commercial aircraft and to its earnings per share . \" forward , our team intent on productivity and programme execution ,\" chairman and chief executive Dennis Muilenburg . In the period , Boeing 748 commercial aircraft deliveries , down from 762 in 2015 , to the market for \" the fifth consecutive year \" . It also fewer military planes - in particular , its new CH-47 Chinook helicopter and its F / A-18 fighter jet - while sales in the division 7 % . Revenue also in the firm 's space and services divisions because of weaker demand for satellites and aircraft modernisation . However , overall group earnings 59 % in the fourth quarter of the year as demand for the company 's commercial planes up . Boeing also higher commercial deliveries this year of between 760 and 765 aircraft . The company 's shares up by more than 2 % in early trading in New York .", "Cassells the title with fellow Coleraine man Peter Chambers last year . Chambers , meanwhile , the British four silver behind world and European champions Switzerland . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates fifth in the quadruple sculls final with Alan Campbell third in the B single scull final . London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist Campbell afterwards that he badly from hay fever over the weekend in Germany . Cassells and Scrimgeour the lightweight pair final and over three seconds to from Denmark at the finish . The lightweight pair a non-Olympic boat class but Cassells and Scrimgeour will the Great Britain coaches of their selection claims for the lightweight four . Chambers , Mark Aldred , Jonno Clegg and Chris Bartley the fours final at the halfway stage before the Swiss control to by a length . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and her Great Britain crew mates Rosamund Bradbury , Jess Leyden and Kristina Stiller along well in fourth place before a crab just before the halfway mark which the boat momentarily . They eventually fifth behind winners Germany and will now their preparations for the Olympic qualifying regatta in Lucerne in a fortnight 's time . There success for Ireland in the men 's lightweight double sculls when brothers Gary and Paul O'Donovan from County Cork through leaders Norway in the closing 500m to gold . world champions France and silver medallists Great Britain - Coleraine 's Richard Chambers and Will Fletcher - from the field but that n't from a memorable moment for Irish rowing . There a second medal for Ireland in the women 's single sculls when London Olympian Sanita Puspure bronze behind scullers from Austria and Latvia .", "Australia a first-innings lead of 155 runs after their hosts out for 105 in Pune . The tourists 285 in the second innings , India a record target of 441 to . However , India all out for 107 as they inside three days , with left-arm spinner Steve O'Keefe 6-35 . On a turning pitch , O'Keefe also 6-35 in the first innings , while fellow spinner Nathan Lyon five wickets in total - with figures of 4-53 in the second innings - as Australia 's spin duo their Indian counterparts . captain Steve Smith also a key part in the victory as he 109 in the second innings , his maiden Test century in India . The win Australia 's first in India since 2004 . \" I really proud of how boys ,\" Smith . \" O'Keefe absolutely outstanding in the match . \" India captain Virat Kohli critical of his team , it as their \" worst batting display in two years \" . \" We in this match . We to it on the chin ,\" he . \" We never them for but we never good enough during the three days . \" India , the top-ranked Test team , not a home Test series since 2012 and the second match in Bangalore on Saturday , 4 March .", "Jockey James Best ahead on the Neil Mulholland-trained seven-year-old ( 25-1 ) and on to half a length clear . Last year 's winner Theatre Guide ( 11-1 ) to for third , with Double Shuffle ( 11-2 ) second . \" It days like this that so much , this the biggest day of my racing career ,\" Best . \" You no idea how much it and how grateful I to an opportunity on a day like this . \" There a slight blip in the celebrations as Best shortly after the line . He : \" I , I to him up . I him as late as I , with the fact he so quirky , and sure enough he his shoulder - you to the unexpected with him . \"", "The research out by scientists from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland , University College Dublin , the University of Edinburgh and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . They it the divergence may 360 years ago . It also Travellers closely to Irish people . The researchers that any genetic disparities between Travellers and people in the Republic largely due to them genetically for several centuries and their numbers . It there about 30,000 people in the Republic of Ireland who members of the Travelling community , 0.6 % of the total population . Previously it that Travellers between 1845 and 1852 as a result of the Great Famine . \" The findings that the Irish Traveller population an Irish ancestry and this at a time where the ethnicity of Travellers by the Irish state ,\" the Royal College of Surgeons' Prof Gianpiero Cavalleri . \" It important to that although Irish Travellers clear features of a genetic isolate , they genetically very close to people in Ireland . \" It also interesting to that the isolation of Travellers from settled people the Great Famine . \" However it important to that our research the beginning of the social divergence of the Travelling community , rather than their origin . \" DNA samples from 42 Irish Travellers with that of 143 European Roma , 2,232 Irish , 2,039 British , 5,964 European and 931 individuals from the rest of the world for the study . Several genetic dating methods also to the period when the community to genetically from the settled population in Ireland .", "The stretch of road on the A890 rock falls last month , before it later partially . Highland Council work to further rock in the area would over the next two to three weeks . The local authority a long term solution to the bypass .", "The bodies of Ronald Kidd , 40 , and Holly Alexander , 37 , at a tenement in Rosefield Street , in the city 's west end , at about 21:00 on Sunday . The property off by police while detectives and scenes of crimes officers . The man to at Dundee Sheriff Court on Wednesday . Detectives a review of CCTV in the are out , while house-to-house inquiries . Police also for anyone with information to forward . Det Insp Brian Geddes , who the investigation , : \" I would keen to from anyone who or anything suspicious in the Rosefield Street area , in the days between Thursday 8 December 2016 and Sunday 11 December 2016 . \"", "Media playback not on this device The 21-year-old 's success also Britain a berth in the event at the Rio 2016 Olympics . The Brownlee brothers not , with their focus on this year 's World Series competition and the Rio Olympic test event . Benson the event in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds . He ahead of Portugal 's Joao Silva (+ 11 seconds ) and Rostyslav Pevtsov (+ 33secs ) of Azerbaijan . After a strong swim , British team-mates Bishop ( 16th ) and Philip Graves ( 46th ) a crucial role in Benson to the lead during the cycling phase . During the 10km run he free from the chasing pack and although the Leeds-based triathlete briefly by Aleksandr Latin of Estonia he soon his lead . \" I could n't it without Tom and Phil ,\" Benson . \" It a real team effort . It a shame we could n't all medals - but the gold brilliant . \" London 2012 gold medallist Alistair Brownlee and world title-winning brother Jonny to further Rio Olympic places for Team GB through performances at the qualification event in Brazil in August . Benson will now to in World Series races and the Rio test event in order to his prospects of a place in the squad for the Rio Olympics . Triathlon , which of a 1.5km swim , 40km cycle and 10km run in the European Games , one of three sports in Baku 2015 which direct qualification possibilities for next year 's Olympics in Brazil .", "The museum last October to work to the building and more display space . About half of the project 's \u00a3 66m cost by the council . In April 2015 , the council \u00a3 5.7m to the building 's revamp , which treasures to the city by collector Sir William Burrell in 1944 . The Burrell collection of more than 8,000 artefacts but fewer than a fifth of them on show at any one time . When it to visitors in 2020 , the basement of the building will part of the exhibition space , so that 90 % of the objects can by the public . The Heritage Lottery Fund \u00a3 15m to the project and the UK government also \u00a3 5m . It a fundraising campaign will the rest . Cllr Archie Graham : \" Sir William 's great legacy as the greatest gift a city ever and we a moral duty to it in the finest of buildings . \"", "Swindale Beck , near Haweswater , to land for grazing , but the resultant faster flows gravel away , it less easy for salmon and trout to . During summer a stretch in and with a course . In December , 16 salmon , along with five redds - gravel where eggs . The bend restoration project , United Utilities , the RSPB , Natural England and the Environment Agency , also at flooding by the flow of water through the valley . Lee Schofield , RSPB site manager at Haweswater , : \" Habitat restoration often a slow process and we normally n't the benefits of our work for years and sometimes even decades . \" It really uplifting and inspiring to on a project where we the chance to success so soon after we . \"", "The French authorities the Airbus A310 , which off from the Yemeni capital , should not to , the AFP news agency . Most of the 152 people in the crash French citizens relatives in the Comoros . There just one survivor - a teenage girl who from the sea . Many of the passengers to the Comoros , but their journey in Paris or Marseille on another jet by the national airline of Yemen , before flight IY626 in Sanaa . An association of the victims' families , AFVCA , the charge . \" It a great relief for the families of the victims who four and a half years ,\" a spokesman for the association the BBC . \" Now the company will finally to up to its responsibilities . \" Yemenia previously that bad weather - strong winds and high seas - the more likely cause of the crash . The carrier not on the current European Union list of airlines . The crash anger amongst the Comorian community in France as people that the aircraft in poor condition . The plane from French airspace after inspectors numerous faults in 2007 , to the then transport minister , Dominique Bussereau . Several European countries also a number of problems when they Yemenia aircraft prior to the crash . Officials from Yemen previously the plane a thorough inspection and to international standards .", "The 31-year-old Brazil forward , better just by her first name , a two-year contract with an option of a third . She recently in Sweden for FC Rosengard . Marta part of the Brazil side which in the 2007 World Cup final to Germany in China . Marta five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006-2010 and in the top three of the voting in every year from 2004-2014 . Orlando City chief executive Alex Leitao : \" We incredibly proud to Marta to Orlando , and I personally very excited as I a fan of her for many years . \" Our technical team hard to the best , most accomplished women 's soccer player in the world to the roster . \"", "The only French side in Super League their last five matches in a row the 18-10 late defeat by Huddersfield at Magic Weekend . Frayssinous , 40 , a former Catalans and France stand-off who the first French coach of the club when he Trent Robinson in 2012 . Coaches Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan and general manager Alex Chan will charge of the first team .", "Prince Jacques next in line to the Monaco throne , a rich principality on the southern French coast . A statement both babies well . Gabriella first , with Jacques two minutes later . Their father Prince Albert II , 56 , son of the late Hollywood actress , Grace Kelly . Charlene , 36 , a Zimbabwean-born former Olympic swimmer . The couple in 2011 . The prince two other children but they from the throne because they outside of marriage . Ahead of the birth , Prince Albert that the first child to would next-in-line , if the twins the same sex . But since the twins mixed sex , Jacques the role , due to Monaco 's laws of succession males . The gender of the twins a secret even from their father during Charlene 's pregnancy . Forty-two canon shots to the babies' arrival , 21 for each infant . It the first time twins to Monaco 's royal family since it in the 13th Century .", "Foster 's time of 11.62 seconds automatic qualification as she second in her first-round heat . However , Smyth from the men 's 100m as he fifth in his heat in 10.66 - . 44 secs outside his best . Reid , meanwhile , false in his heat and . Paralympic star Smyth , 27 , to well in heat four but after 50m as he fifth in 10.66 seconds . \" I out of the blocks really well and in a good position in the early stages , however , I then up and people to me ,\" Smyth . \" I to better but I still n't fully from my hamstring injury . \"[ But ] It an incredible experience for me to Northern Ireland at the Commonwealth Games as I out on Delhi because of injury . \" London-born Reid 's first Northern Ireland outing a brief affair as he false in heat three . Reid , 20 , allegiance to Northern Ireland in February as his mother from the province . Birchfield Harrier Reid European Junior Championship 200m silver last year and his main focus in Glasgow will the longer sprint . Smyth also to the 200m at these championships but the Londonderry man 's 2014 season badly by hamstring trouble and the 100m as his stronger event . A time of 10.45secs would a fastest loser 's progression to Monday 's semi-finals . Foster to in a tricky heat but her time of 11.62 - despite being . 22secs outside her best - her second spot behind Australia 's Melissa Breen [ 11.54 ] . On the date of athletics action at the Games , Northern Ireland hopeful Gladys Ganiel a gutsy run to 12th in the women 's marathon with her finishing time of 2 hours 40.29 minutes , only 57 seconds outside her personal best set in Berlin last September . The American-born runner her first appearance at a major championship at the age of 37 . Ganiel not a full-time athlete and her day job as an assistant professor in conflict resolution and reconciliation at Trinity College , Dublin . Kenyan Flomena Cheyech Daniel the gold medal in 2:26.45 ahead of her compatriot Caroline Kilel [ 2:27.10 ] with Australia 's Jess Trengove [ 2:30.12 ] the bronze .", "Smoke bombs off and bricks as police out in force to hundreds of far-right demonstrators through town . They with anti-fascist demonstrators , five people with minor injuries . Kent Police it more than 20 weapons a knuckle duster . Police their operation at 17:00 GMT after they individuals for possession of offensive weapons , the peace and public order offences . Banners and placards by the right-wing marchers those from the North West National Front , neo-Nazi organisation Combat 18 and the Scottish Defence League . Counter-demonstrators members of Kent Anti-Racism Network , anti-fascist group Antifa and people with Socialist Worker placards . They by Diane Abbott , shadow secretary of state for international development . Earlier , six people on suspicion of violent disorder at a service station on the M20 which after several coaches to on the way to the demonstrations . Police officers to a disturbance at Maidstone services at junction eight at 10:51 GMT . Two coaches swastikas on them in blood a clash between two rival groups . A coach which the scene at junction 11 services at Westenhanger . During the day police away weapons a knife , pieces of wood , glass , hammers and bricks . A police spokesman he could not on the motives of those , or what groups they may or may not a part of . Police on Friday the demonstrations to large numbers of protesters , with businesses and residents to disruption .", "Douglas Carswell also the BBC 's Sunday Politics that the party to it the \" tone \" right in order to more voters . It after Mr Carswell in an article in the Times on Saturday that Mr Farage \" to a break now \" . A bitter internal row within UKIP after Mr Farage 's resignation by the party . Mr Carswell : \" I he a break as leader . I not he a break from leader . \" Clearly the national executive the authority , they the body . \" I that they a decision . I it a procedurally correct decision , he the leader but I it important that as leader he a break and I it important that we out how these complex questions by a team . \" No one person all the answers . I particularly concerned about tone , sure we a tone that that the 27 million people who n't for UKIP last week may to for us in future . \" The party by wrangling since Mr Farage to on as leader , days after down after to in Thanet South . He before the general election that he would the post if he to to Parliament . Senior aide Matthew Richardson the party , claims from MEP Patrick O'Flynn that Mr Farage under the influence of \" inexperienced \" advisers . UKIP also the departure of Mr Farage 's chief of staff Raheem Kassam . Mr Farage out as leader on BBC 's Question Time on Thursday , he \" phenomenal \" support , and his critics to whether they to in the party . In his article , Mr Carswell that \" how difficult it to a party me Nigel Farage all the more \" . \" I that I never could ,\" he , that he would it \" impossible to simultaneously UKIP , the voice of the party in the Commons , my Clacton constituents and at the same time a husband and a dad \" . However , he that \" even leaders to a break \" , : \" Nigel to a break now . \" UKIP nearly four million votes at the election , but only one MP - former Conservative Mr Carswell in the Clacton constituency .", "About 80,000 works of art , ceramics , manuscripts , letters and photographs to off the pottery firm 's pension debt . But a public fundraising campaign in September its target in just a month . Adminstrators Begbies Traynor the collection will on display at the museum in Barlaston , Staffordshire . The Art Fund , which the campaign , will the collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum , before it to the Wedgwood Museum . Administrator Bob Young it \" incredibly satisfying \" to off on the sale on Monday . \" Today 's fantastic outcome would n't possible without the spirit of goodwill and determination during the often complex negotiations ,\" he . The Wedgwood Museum Waterford Wedgwood plc 's pension bill after the firm in 2009 . In 2010 the museum also into administration , and in 2011 a high court judge its collection could to the Pension Protection Fund . Alison Wedgwood , whose husband Tom a direct descendant of company founder Josiah Wedgwood , the collection \" important \" for Staffordshire . The collection \" and around the globe \" the money not , she . Tristram Hunt MP , who in the campaign , the sale \" fantastic news \" . \" The items within the Wedgwood collection a significant part of Britain 's cultural development over centuries and a crucial part in our national identity today ,\" he .", "Its stature on its geographical size ( twice that of France and Germany ) , its prestige as the custodian of the birthplace of Islam and its colossus status as an oil producer - with a quarter of the world 's proven reserves under its deserts . Its importance as an oil nation economic interdependence with the West - where the main consumer demand - a necessity . This , in turn , to strong political and military relationships that at times a source of awkwardness for both sides . It out for its espousal of a puritan version of Sunni Islam , harsh punishments such as public beheadings , and its restrictions on women . Population 28.7 million Area 2.24 million sq km ( 864,869 sq miles ) Major language Arabic Major religion Islam Life expectancy 73 years ( men ) , 76 years ( women ) Currency Riyal Head of state , prime minister : King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud The Al Saud dynasty a monopoly of political power . Saudi Arabia in 1932 by King Abd-al-Aziz and he by various sons . King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud the throne in January 2015 the death of his half-brother , King Abdullah . He part of the clique of princes for decades and likely to the main thrusts of Saudi strategic policy , the alliance with the United States and towards energy market stability . Saudi investors major players in the pan-Arab TV industry , but the country one of the region 's most tightly-controlled media environments . The government openly that widespread internet filtering place . It \" pornographic \" , Islam-related , human rights and political sites . Saudi Arabia the highest per-capita YouTube use of any country in the world . It reportedly home to more than 40 % of all active Twitter users in the Arab region . Some key events in Saudi Arabia 's history : 1932 - The areas by King Abd-al-Aziz under the name Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . 1938 - Oil and production under the US-controlled Aramco ( Arabian American Oil Company ) . 1960 - Saudi Arabia a member of Opec ( Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ) . 1973 - Saudi Arabia an oil boycott against the Western countries that Israel in the October War against Egypt and Syria . Oil prices . 2001 11 September - 15 of the 19 hijackers in attacks on New York and Washington Saudi nationals . 2011 - As '' Arab Spring '' protests across the region , Saudi troops in crackdown on unrest in Bahrain . 2015 March - Saudi Arabia campaign of air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen .", "The NSPCC 's Childline service it more than 4,500 children in the past year to about 2,400 in 2011-12 . The total number online abuse to far higher . Some children as young as seven Childline how they , and to to school . The charity online trolls misery and humiliation for thousands of children . Childline 's president Dame Esther Rantzen the figures should a wake-up call . \" Bullying can young people 's lives , especially now that the bullies n't at the school gates ,\" she . \" Cyber-bullying can them home until it a persecution they cannot . \" It imperative that adults , parents and teachers , to them , because we over the years from Childline callers that bullying not on its own , alone it worse . \" Schools must this problem seriously , and above all children must for help . \" The report at the start of Anti-Bullying Week which by the Anti Bullying Alliance . The group with parents , schools and other organisations to the problem . One young person who Childline : \" It might like not much of a problem but there a group of people I with online and they me to myself . I wo n't myself but it me . \" My parents n't how upset it me and they me to up for myself or just not anymore but they n't how hard that . \" I n't why they suddenly on me but it so much . \" Advice by young people on with bullying :", "The girl into a vehicle in Bishop 's Stortford at about 20:30 GMT on 16 February and off near the town 's railway station the morning . An E-fit image of the attacker now . Police the attack \" concern within the community \" . The girl into a dark-coloured vehicle , to a Land Rover , and to an unknown location , to outside the county of Hertfordshire , where she sexually . Ch Insp Gerry McDonald of Hertfordshire Police : \" I local people the key to our investigation . \" This an extremely serious matter and one which , understandably , concern within the community . \" We a number of inquiries in the local area but would anyone who around between the times and who not yet to police to us if you any information which may our investigation . \" I would to that this an unusual incident and would everyone that investigations into this incident a priority . \"", "The cygnets and their mother recently a familiar sight around Lisnarick , outside Irvinestown . Pat Masterson , who in Lisnarick , the swans shortly before they on Tuesday evening . \" When I their mother them along the road , all in line , I to a picture ,\" Ms Masterson . \" They our farm every day over the last few weeks so I them before , but I that the way the wee cygnets their mother just so lovely I to and . \" I still ca n't that they over so soon after . \" Enniskillen-based vet Kevin Leonard , who to moments after the birds , he shocked by what he . \" The five of them just in a row behind the mother , who as well . \" Four of them dead and the fifth so badly I to it down with an injection . \" The sixth one only minor injuries , so I it an anti-biotic cream and it into a nearby field alongside its mother . \" It actually quite an upsetting sight . I ca n't whoever them just on . \" Paul Hoy , who also when he the dead swans , the vet in them to safety . He he \" disgusted \" by what he . \" A girl who there she the car them down and on . \" We all how this could an accident - it a 30mph speed limit there and it n't dark so the swans very visible . \" If you ca n't six swans on the road , what the chances you 'll a child ? As native wild birds , swans statutory protection under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and it an offence to intentionally , or a wild swan . The act similarly the eggs and nests of swans . It an offence to or the egg of a wild mute swan , or to or the nest of a mute swan whilst in use or . The RSPB anyone who an offence against swans or other wildlife should their police Wildlife Liaison Officer through their local police station .", "In May , Punch Taverns its plans for The Corn Exchange , in Crickhowell , after protests which to villagers their own bid to it . In a statement , Corn Exchange Action Group they thrilled Punch Taverns the deal . About 180 people will joint-owners after it . The plan to up a new company , Corn Exchange Crickhowell Ltd , to to planning permission to the building into independent shops with flats above . The group enough money to the price of \u00a3 300,000 plus VAT , but \" more funds will probably to the building \" . Dean Christy , chairman of Corn Exchange Community Investment Group , who the negotiations with Punch Taverns , : \" This great news for everyone who to the future of our High Street . \" Emma Bevan , chair of the action group , : \" We right to up against the plans for a supermarket in our High Street - now we can something which will our community proud . \" In a statement , Punch Taverns : \" We the strength of feeling in Crickhowell about the town centre and its independent traders and we at Punch delighted that we able to an agreement , subject to contract , which all sides . \"", "Between 2012 and 2015 , cases of syphilis by 76 % , from 3,001 to 5,288 , while gonorrhoea infections by 53 % , from 26,880 to 41,193 , Public Health England data . The rise notable among men who sex with men . At the same time , rates of genital warts , thanks to a vaccination campaign . Rates of sexually infections as a group also down slightly , 434,456 . But experts this could because fewer people forward for testing . Chlamydia the most commonly STI , for nearly half of the cases in 2015 . Young people routinely chlamydia screening , but only 13 % of young men and 32 % of young women in 2015 . The large fall in genital warts - a 7 % drop - in young women , and experts this probably because of the national human papilloma virus vaccination programme . All girls 12 to 13 the jab as part of the NHS childhood vaccination programme . The FPA charity 's chief executive , Natika Halil , boys should the vaccine too , which something ministers . Genevieve Edwards , of Marie Stopes UK , the statistics should \" alarm bells \" about the availability of sexual health services for young people and men who sex with men . \" We to a focus on sexual ill health , and prompt diagnosis and treatment to those who it ,\" she . The British Association for Sexual Health and HIV the rise of gonorrhoea extremely disturbing , the further spread of drug-resistant infections . Dr Gwenda Hughes , head of STI surveillance at PHE , : \" We to more to awareness about STIs and how they can , especially the effectiveness of condoms . \" We that anyone sex with a new or casual partner condoms and tests regularly for HIV and STIs . \"", "Belgium 's Gianni Meersman to victory , while Darwin Atapuma his overall lead despite one of the riders behind the collision . Colombian Atapuma more than a minute , but organisers the 3km rule to times . Froome and second-placed Alejandro Valverde part of the bunch sprint ahead of the crash . The accident the pack in the closing stages and the race of Dutch rider Steven Kruijswijk , who a collarbone . It a second win in this year 's Vuelta for Meersman , who off the challenge of Italy 's Fabio Felline and Kevin Reza of France . Team Sky 's Froome to the first man in 38 years to the Vuelta and Tour de France in the same season . 1. Gianni Meersman ( Bel / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 4hrs 16mins 41secs 2. Laurent Didier ( Lux / Trek ) same time 3. Kevin Reza ( Fra / FDJ ) 4. Luis Leon Sanchez ( Spa / Astana ) 5. Zico Waeytens ( Bel / Giant ) 6. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) 7. Romain Hardy ( Fra / Cofidis ) 8. Jempy Druecker ( Lux / BMC Racing ) 9. Kenneth Vanbilsen ( Bel / Cofidis ) 10. Jose Goncalves ( Por / Caja Rural ) 1. Darwin Atapuma ( Col / BMC ) 17hrs 39mins 52secs 2. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) + 28secs 3 Chris Froome ( GB / Team Sky ) + 32secs 4. Nairo Quintana ( Col / Movistar ) + 38secs 5. Esteban Chaves ( Col / Orica ) same time 6. Gonzalez Sanchez ( Spa / BMC ) + 1min 7secs 7. Andujar Fernandez ( Spa / Movistar ) + 1min 10secs 8. Leopold Konig ( Cze / Team Sky ) + 1min 12secs 9. Peter Kennaugh ( GB / Team Sky ) + 1min 14secs 10. Gianluca Brambilla ( Ita / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 1min 22secs", "Nats Prestwick to more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season this year - an increase of 15,000 on last year . The company a \u00c2 \u00a3 600m investment in a new computer system . But it government support to the network of \" \" flightpaths . Paul Peers , head of development at Nats Prestwick , : \" We to the highest amount of traffic we ever for a summer period this year . \" We to around 15,000 more flights just in July and August to last year . \" We ready for that and our controllers a great job up to this point sure that we the delays that people and sure that we people safe in the skies . \" We for this since November , so the summer n't as a surprise to us , and we a series of events to sure our controllers ready for the summer traffic . \" Indeed , this year , the build-up in traffic us with that because we record days already that our controllers with extremely well . \" But one of the big challenges for us the design of the airspace in the future and the traffic growth . \" He : \" We over \u00c2 \u00a3 600m over the next few years in the technology systems . \" In fact , at the Prestwick centre we proud to that we the first version of iTec , our new flight data processing system , in operation already and that the first in the UK . \" The skies fuller every year and we to traffic growth . \" But if you about the airspace as effectively motorways in the sky , if you about 1970s motorways with today 's car traffic , we in a similar scenario . \" We to to our airspace and we to government support to sure we can that in the right way . \"", "It 55,000 job cuts earlier this year . The losses will in Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) , which from the printer and PC business . The company the cuts will $ 2.7bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.76bn ) in annual costs , although the plan will $ 2.7bn to out . At a meeting for Wall Street analysts , chairman and chief executive Meg Whitman : \" We a significant amount of work over the past few years to costs out and processes and these final actions will the need for any future corporate restructuring . \" The new structure by Ms Whitman HP Enterprise primarily on businesses and government agencies , and the PC and printing divisions on the consumer market . The company currently more than 300,000 employees . \" The number sadly larger than some people might , but I it a reflection of how much trouble HP with its services ,\" Charles King , analyst at the Silicon Valley IT consulting firm Pund-IT . \" I frankly not sure if HP with the layoffs . \" The company will not where the cuts will , but part of the plan the nature of the workforce . The proportion of workers in what HPE \" low-cost locations \" to from around 42 % now to 60 % by 2018 . The tech company over the last decade to up with demands as customers away from desktop computers . However , Hewlett-Packard still one of the world 's largest technology companies , with revenues this year to $ 50bn . The company famously life in a Palo Alto garage in California in 1939 and to the light of what as Silicon Valley . Its fortunes to with a series of expensive and much acquisitions Compaq for $ 25bn in 2002 , consultants EDS for $ 14bn in 2008 and Autonomy for $ 11bn in 2011 . In 2012 it its position as the world 's supplier of PCs to Lenovo . The share price at the height of the dot.com boom in 2000 , and , despite two surges in 2007 and 2010 , it some 60 % of its value since then .", "Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( YAS ) figures medics 32,000 hours at A & E departments in 2015-16 with 16,000 in 2014-15 . YAS waiting time \" one of the most significant issues \" it . A shortage of available hospital beds as one of the problems knock-on delays at A & E . Dr David Macklin , Executive Director of Operations at YAS , handover waiting times \" a system problem \" for the NHS , not just in Yorkshire , and blame could not to individual hospitals . \" We numerous occasions where we multiple vehicles at hospitals ,\" he . \" Emergency departments across Yorkshire incredibly hard to their demand and that sometimes ambulances . \" Patients who not seriously may to . \" Professor Keith Willett from NHS England the increase in waiting times \" concerning \" and there \" a multitude of reasons \" for the rise . \" One of the biggest problems the pressure on the beds in the hospital ,\" he . \" That because the hospitals it increasingly difficult to patients and their care back into the community . \" The figures after a Freedom of Information request by the BBC . Just five hospitals - one each in East , South and West Yorkshire and two in North Yorkshire - for about 70 % of the total waiting time . The handover time only after 15 minutes at A & E . The number of hours by the YAS to handover patients about 12,000 In 2013-14 and about 16,000 in 2014-15 . Hull Royal Infirmary ( East Yorkshire ) 6,436 Northern General ( Sheffield , South Yorkshire ) 4,329 Pinderfields ( Wakefield , West Yorkshire ) 3,954 Scarborough District General 3,831 York District Hospital 3,384", "Kerry Reeves two days after in Abingdon on 3 November . Billy Johnson , 20 , from Ripon Court , Corby , Northamptonshire , and Charles Noble , 20 , from Kempton Avenue , Northolt , Ealing , both with her murder . They at Oxford Magistrates' Court and will next at Oxford Crown Court on Monday . Ms Reeves , 26 , in Thornhill Walk . She to the John Radcliffe Hospital in a critical condition where she later . A post-mortem examination out on Monday , where the preliminary cause of death as a gunshot wound to the head .", "He at his home in Cambridge an illness several months , a statement on his website . It his funeral will private , with a memorial service to at a later date . Hogwood with many orchestras around the world and one of the most influential exponents of the early-music movement . The conductor the Academy of Ancient Music ( AAM ) in 1973 and the academy across six continents for some 30 years . The AAM also more than 200 CDs , the first-ever complete cycle of Mozart symphonies on period instruments . Among his most famous recordings the 1980 version of Handel 's Messiah with Emma Kirkby and Carolyn Watkinson , which by BBC Music Magazine as one of the top 20 recordings of all time . Hogwood keyboard at Cambridge University with Rafael Puyana and Mary Potts and later with Zuzana Ruzickova and Gustav Leonhardt . His first positions as a keyboard player and musicologist with the Academy of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields under Sir Neville Marriner , and a founder member of the Early Music Consort of London . He the artistic director of the King 's Lynn Festival and Boston 's Handel and Haydn Society . He also a tutor at Harvard University , honorary professor of music at the University of Cambridge and a professor-at-large at Cornell University in the US . \" Christopher extraordinary generosity of spirit ,\" Christopher Purvis , honorary president of the AAM , . \" He a great ambassador for historically music , the movement of which he a founder . And he happy to the orchestra he and after he down as director . \" The AAM 's music director Richard Egarr : \" I deeply by the news of Christopher 's passing . Christopher a fantastic legacy for me to upon when I in 2006 and I he will greatly by all who and with him . \" to Sean Rafferty on Radio 3 's In Tune , soprano Dame Emma Kirkby : \" Some of the best players that now orchestras all over the world , they with him . \" Chris a natural academic , an incredibly clever man . He an amazing capacity to information of all kinds and a really sure sense of how things would if he really to conditions ... a very genial person . \" David Thomas from Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance , London : \" He always I the music to for itself because it can , it good enough , it will\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 a very pleasant and lovely man . \"", "Dana to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions , two bears and two tigers in a three-month operation by the animal welfare charity Four Paws . Staff the cub , who they Hajar , in her cage on Saturday . They now to whether Dana will birth to a second cub . Dr Amir Khalil , a vet who the animals , the Associated Press on Sunday that an ultrasound in Turkey she two . However , he that the second cub might already dead and by Dana . Its fate will not until another ultrasound out on Monday . Four Paws its team initially very concerned about whether Dana would or Hajar because of the enormous stress she . \" But luckily that n't the case . She the cub and it ,\" the charity . \" This a true sign that she safe at Al-Mawa . \" Hajar 's gender unknown because staff not able to the cub .", "The Chancellor will finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to out more details of the UK 's bid to its EU membership . German backing important for the success of British plans for reform . David Cameron already support from Chancellor Angela Merkel . Mr Osborne : \" The UK and German economies the heart of Europe , the engine for growth and jobs . \" Together we the world 's third-largest economy , behind only America and China , and since the crisis , we two-thirds of EU growth . \" But the future challenges for our economies . We must debt and productivity . To this , we a strong EU , fit for today 's challenges and for the benefit of all 28 member states . \" The UK 's reform and renegotiation plans to this , which why these talks with key partners in Europe so important . \" Mr Osborne will also a Siemens factory in the German capital and an audience of business leaders at the annual conference of the BDI , the Federation of German Industries . In May Germany 's Chambers of Commerce and Industry that a UK exit from the EU would \" disastrous \" for the two countries . Volker Treier , deputy chief executive of the organisation , the BBC that German business \" astonished \" that the UK a referendum on its EU membership . David Cameron 's renegotiation plans will formally for the first time by the EU 's 28 leaders at a summit in Brussels in mid-December .", "Mining firm OM Manganese guilty on Friday - the first time a company successfully in Australia for desecration of a sacred site . The site as Two Women Sitting Down and at Bootu Creek , north of Tennant Creek . OM Manganese A $ 150,000 ($ 134,000 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 88,000 ) . Peter Toth , CEO of OM Holdings , which OM Manganese , : \" The company never to , or the sacred site . \" \" We sincerely the damage and the hurt and I unreservedly to the site 's custodians and traditional owners ,\" he . Two Women Down with Australia 's Kunapa people . OM Manganese of the collapse of part of the site , a distinctive rocky outcrop as the Horse 's Head , in July 2011 . Prosecutors the Darwin Magistrates Court that the company explosive close to the site to up ground , Australian broadcaster ABC . The company to in the area , but to clear of sacred sites , and in early 2011 that cracks in rocks at the Bootu Creek site , the broadcaster . Dr Ben Scambary , chief executive officer of the Aboriginal Areas Protection Authority , that the site of great significance to Australia 's indigenous people . \" This site ... to a story about a marsupial rat and a bandicoot who a fight over bush tucker [ native Australian bush food ],\" he . \" As the creation ancestors , their blood out , the rock a dark-red colour that now with manganese . \" Kunapa community representative Gina Smith : \" It will always a sacred site to us , but it and we n't what to because this never to the old people . \" It there for thousands of years as part of our culture and our story . \" Indigenous Australians the land the mother of creation , and a , mass full of secrets and wisdom , the BBC 's Phil Mercer in Sydney .", "K Prithika Yashini , who male but gender reassignment surgery , to a police sub-inspector in the southern state . But the state police board not a third gender , her to a legal case against it . A court in Chennai ( Madras ) now in her favour . \" I excited ,\" Prithika as by India 's NDTV network . \" It a new beginning for the entire transgender community . \" A ruling by two judges in Chennai 's high court : \" The social impact of such recruitment cannot sight of , as it would strength to the case of transgenders . \" Yashini must the finish line , and not and in the middle . \" India 's supreme court transgender people as a third gender last April , five years after the electoral commission the category to ballot forms . The ruling the government to transgender people with quotas in jobs and education in line with other minorities , as well as key amenities . There an two million transgender people in India . While the Times of India that Tamil Nadu police already three transgender constables on their books , reports in other Indian media Prithika will the first officer in the country . Prithika Pradeep Kumar and her parents' home before a computer studies course and surgery . She to a police officer since a child , Indian media . The court also that the result of a police physical test , which Prithika after a second late in a 100-metre dash , not valid ."], "summary": ["A man has appeared in court after firearms, ammunition and cash were seized by police in Edinburgh.", "Four people accused of kidnapping and torturing a mentally disabled man in a \"racially motivated\" attack streamed on Facebook have been denied bail.", "West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.", "The reaction from BT's investors told us much about media regulator Ofcom's ruling on the fate of Openreach, the BT subsidiary that provides much of the UK's broadband infrastructure.", "Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.", "Queen's University Belfast is cutting 236 jobs and 290 student places due to a funding reduction.", "Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.", "Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson says none of the money from Eunan O'Kane's move to Leeds from Bournemouth will go to the playing squad.", "North Wales Police has been criticised at an inquest for sending an officer to speak to a hospital patient with paranoid schizophrenia.", "Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher has joined Sheffield Wednesday on an initial month-long loan.", "John \"Brad\" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.", "Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.", "Former England striker Andy Cole says he faces a \"long road ahead\" as he recovers from his recent kidney transplant.", "Pakistan has unblocked the video sharing site, YouTube, more than three years after it was banned for posting a video deemed insulting to Islam.", "Leicester Tigers winger Miles Benjamin is likely to be out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury, reports BBC Radio Leicester.", "Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed 218 people, government officials have confirmed.", "All images copyrighted.", "Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined HK$6m (\u00a3460,000) by Hong Kong regulators after it failed to detect a series of unauthorised transactions by one of its traders.", "South African police say four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of former actor on popular local TV series Generations.", "A shot was reportedly fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool as parents were taking their children inside, police have said.", "Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.", "A total of 228 candidates will contest the Northern Ireland Assembly election next month - 48 fewer than last time.", "With the value of the pound falling dramatically since Brexit, a \"flash crash\" last week when the currency lost 6% of its value against the dollar, and news on Tuesday that the pound had fallen again, when would be a good time to change those pounds to dollars?", "A philosophy student who wears vintage clothing has won a national contest for alternative models.", "Plans to move a statue depicting a Royal Marine in the Falklands conflict away from Portsmouth seafront have been criticised.", "A suspected terrorist has been charged with breaching conditions imposed as part of the government's new terror monitoring powers.", "Sussex have appointed former player James Anyon as head coach of their women's side.", "League One side Bury have signed former Barnsley defender Reece Brown on a six-month contract.", "South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($242; \u00c2\u00a3199) a month.", "Azhar Ali's unbeaten 66 helped Pakistan to reach 142-4 against Australia on a rain-affected first day of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.", "Two new councillors have been elected in a by-election in the City of Edinburgh.", "Wales Under-20 Grand Slam winners Shaun Evans and Dafydd Hughes have signed their first professional contracts with Scarlets.", "Fire crews are expected to leave the site of the Shoreham Airshow disaster later after spending nearly three weeks at the scene of the crash.", "White House officials will not say whether pop star Prince performed at a weekend party at the executive residence despite guests posting about it on social media.", "These roads in Northern Ireland are closed due to poor weather conditions as of Friday 15 January.", "US investigators have closed an inquiry into whether To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee was pressured into publishing a sequel.", "The US has said it is suspending talks with Russia over Syria, accusing Moscow of having \"failed to live up\" to its commitments under a ceasefire deal.", "A church in West Yorkshire has recruited a new vicar following a video job advertisement sung by a choir of children.", "Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne says he will be out for about 10 weeks after injuring his right knee during Wednesday's League Cup semi-final victory over Everton.", "A 34-year-old woman who was injured in an attack by a knifeman on a Swiss train has died in hospital, police say.", "A \"reckless drone operator\" is being sought by police after reports of a \"near miss\" between a drone and plane.", "A seal found tangled in nets on an Aberdeenshire beach has been returned to the sea.", "A lifetime of diaries, letters and photographs of a man described as a cross between Indiana Jones, James Bond and Graham Greene has opened to the public.", "Regional official Tim Roache has been elected to become the new general secretary of the GMB union.", "League Two Exeter City made a profit of over \u00a31.6m last year, according to the club's latest accounts.", "Para-athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after a metal throwing cage fell on him during training.", "Manufacturers have reported positive business trends, in the latest survey from the Scottish Chambers of Commerce.", "A computer model of one of the world's tallest three-sided obelisks is being made to find out why it is falling apart.", "Profit jumped at Zara owner Inditex in the first half of the year as the firm opened new stores and invested in online.", "A victim of the Rochdale grooming gang says the convictions were still \"not fazing\" Asian child sex abusers.", "John Lewis's Nottingham store is to remain closed longer than expected after 80,000 litres of hot water leaked from a ruptured heating pipe.", "New Sale Sharks chairman Fran Cotton has conceded they must work to restore their relationship with some fans.", "Disney's latest animation Moana dominated the Thanksgiving box office over the five-day US holiday weekend.", "British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford with a straight-set win over Julia Boserup.", "Two men have been assaulted in Larne, County Antrim, by a gang armed with baseball bats and a hatchet.", "Stuart Bingham may pull out of the Masters if his wife goes into labour with their third child.", "Part of Colwyn Bay pier is to be dismantled after it collapsed into the sea, Conwy council has decided.", "A campaign group has been granted a hearing to examine the case for a judicial review of the decision to build student flats near a beauty spot.", "More human remains have been found near a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.", "Uzbekistan's Hasanboy Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight with victory over Colombian Yuberjen Herney Martinez.", "University lecturers are due to start a two-day strike over pay, amid warnings other staff could join the dispute.", "Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with Yokohama FC at the age of 48.", "Clashes have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.", "Sale Sharks forward Mark Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season to take up a teaching role.", "The quality of care on a scandal-hit ward for dementia patients may have contributed to at least seven deaths, BBC Wales can reveal.", "A 25-year-old man from Limavady has been jailed for knocking out two men in separate attacks on the same night.", "The United States women's team goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for 30 days by US Soccer following an incident during a training camp.", "A barrister who was due to move into his own chambers in Huddersfield has pleaded guilty to supplying cocaine.", "Scottish engineering services company ID Systems Ltd has announced plans to create 120 new jobs after securing a six-figure investment from UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE).", "Actor and broadcaster Sir Tony Robinson has said plans for a tunnel near Stonehenge in Wiltshire are too \"old-fashioned\" in outlook.", "Scunthorpe midfielder Neal Bishop has signed a one-year contract extension.", "A man from Croydon has been charged with murder after the death of his partner last month.", "A Frenchwoman injured in the attack on Tunisia's national museum has died of her wounds, bringing the total killed in the assault by Islamists to 22.", "Satellite images of Mosul have revealed how fighters from so-called Islamic State (IS) have destroyed much of the city's airport to render it unusable as Iraqi forces close in.", "Network Rail has promised to do \"everything in its power\" to stop a repeat of the rail chaos at Christmas when it carries out work over Easter.", "Permission has been given for exploratory drilling for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.", "Amazon, the global online retailer, is changing the way it records sales in a move that could see it paying more tax.", "Junior doctors should suspend Tuesday's strike action over pay and conditions while talks continue, the chief medical officer for England has urged.", "Oxford United have extended the loan of right-back Jonjoe Kenny from Premier League side Everton until the end of the season.", "A further education college in Dorset has received more than \u00a32.88m in government funding to renovate buildings on campus.", "The family of the former footballer Jeff Astle is to meet the FA chairman next month to discuss head injuries in the game, as part of their campaign.", "Brothers Ben and Tom Curry have signed five-year contracts with Sale Sharks.", "Police in Fife are searching for a man who was seen exposing himself in Dunfermline.", "A UN conference aimed at preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons has ended in failure after a row over a nuclear-free Middle East proposal.", "Fracking for shale gas in Wales should still be opposed despite plans to fast-track such schemes in England, the Welsh government has said.", "A collection of paintings capturing the landscapes and legacy of life on the North East coast is going on display.", "Hibernian's Neil Lennon believes Scott Brown retired too soon from Scotland duty and still has plenty to offer now he has decided to return.", "A buzzard has been rescued after becoming trapped between fencing and a wall in Gwynedd.", "Post Office workers will stage five days of strikes from Monday in a continuing dispute over jobs, pensions and branch closures, their union says.", "Steroids and medicines with an estimated street value of some 2m euros (\u00c2\u00a31.7m) have been seized in Donegal.", "Sinn F\u00c3\u00a9in leader Gerry Adams has said there is \"a need to be open and imaginative\" on new constitutional arrangements.", "Morecambe must not get carried away despite sitting top of League Two, says Shrimps boss Jim Bentley.", "A court in the Indian capital has formally charged a driver of the Uber web-based taxi firm with the rape and kidnapping of a passenger last month.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells and Great Britain team-mate Sam Scrimgeour remain on course to defend their lightweight pairs world title after winning their semi-final in Rotterdam on Thursday.", "Former Kilmarnock winger Chris Johnston has become the third player to sign for Dumbarton this summer after leaving relegated Raith Rovers.", "The three-day TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow is to start later with a Friday line-up of acts including Radiohead and Belle and Sebastian.", "The US has warned North Korea to refrain from \"irresponsible provocation\" after the communist state said its main nuclear facility had resumed normal operations.", "A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after pieces of human bones were found by detectives investigating the death of a man 25 years ago.", "Ireland eased to seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe to top their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying group and set up a semi-final against Scotland.", "The daughter of a man who died after a hospital failed it its \"duty of care\" said lessons have not been learned.", "Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is third after day one of the men's omnium as he aims for his first Olympic Games medal.", "The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra \u00a372m to help deal with pressures in the service.", "The Winklevoss brothers have re-started their long-running legal dispute with Facebook and its boss Mark Zuckerberg.", "A 14-year-old boy has been left with \"life-threatening\" injuries after being knocked down by a car.", "Birmingham City have signed Dundee forward Greg Stewart on a three-year deal for a fee believed to be around \u00a3500,000.", "A former soldier who agreed to obtain information from an army barracks for a newspaper will not face a trial, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.", "Inspectors have called for major improvements at two privately-run elderly care homes after finding problems during recent visits.", "Four men were arrested in north London when police found a gun, a sword and a knife in the car they were travelling in.", "An estimated 63,000 properties in north Lancashire were hit by a power cut, Electricity North West has said.", "Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.", "Shopkeepers near the Isle of Wight's troubled new \"floating bridge\" have asked councillors to consider compensating them for loss of business.", "French side Lille have exercised their option to sign Naim Sliti on a permanent deal when his loan move from second-tier side Red Star expires this summer.", "Children across Britain linked up with Tim Peake on the International Space Station yesterday for a big question and answer session.", "World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named the 2013 BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.", "A civilian cargo aircraft has landed safely after being escorted into Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after suffering technical problems with its communications equipment.", "Police have been given more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "BBC Sport is showing live coverage of the EuroBasket warm-up game between Great Britain and Greece at the Copper Box in London on Saturday 19 August.", "More than 13,000 email addresses have been stolen from Edinburgh city council's database following a \"malicious cyber attack\".", "The photo sharing service Instagram announced it will start placing ads in US users photo streams in a posting on its website.", "Actor Michael C Hall is to perform a tribute to David Bowie at this week's Mercury Music Prize ceremony.", "A former Metropolitan Police officer has been found not guilty of sexually assaulting a teenage boy in the back of a police van nearly 30 years ago.", "Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has rejected calls for a \"softer\" Brexit after the general election result led to a hung parliament.", "Relatives of the 96 people who died at Hillsborough have told the home secretary they want a \"Hillsborough Law\" to compel public officials to tell the truth at inquiries.", "An elderly woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck.", "Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United to move their home games because of flooding.", "Two Manchester United fans spent Friday night undetected in an Old Trafford toilet in an attempt to see Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.", "An electrician whose \u00a3200 worth of tools were mistakenly sold for \u00a31 in a charity shop has had them returned.", "Laura Muir says she'll be \"gutted\" to miss April's Commonwealth Games.", "Southend United will give striker Nile Ranger a chance to relaunch his career when he is released from prison.", "Lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the South Coast this summer after seven men drowned last year.", "Partick Thistle captain Abdul Osman says the players are praying manager Alan Archibald stays at the club for another season.", "Ten youths have been arrested by Canadian police on suspicion of planning to travel to Iraq and Syria to join Islamic State.", "League Two side York City have signed Hull City midfielder Matt Dixon on an 18-month deal.", "Belfast Giants remain within four points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after earning a 5-1 Boxing Day away win over Braehead Clan.", "BBC Rewind looks at the history of the Flying Scotsman as it prepares to return to the railways.", "A man who claimed he was abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has lost a legal action for compensation.", "Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has had the biggest UK box office opening weekend of the year so far.", "Britain's Victoria Williamson says she is lucky not to be paralysed after her serious crash at Rotterdam's Zesdaagse.", "The head of the national body for police commissioners resigned in order to appear on the BBC's Question Time following the Manchester attack.", "The developers of the proposed Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing a \"grossly misleading\" analysis of the project's likely impact on fish.", "Premiership side Sale Sharks will sign Scotland and Glasgow back row forward Josh Strauss on a three-year deal from next season.", "A China Eastern Airlines plane has had to turn back to Sydney airport after a technical failure which left a hole in an engine casing.", "The government is to reconsider a visa for an American mother facing deportation from the UK.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.", "Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has appointed Bruno Tshibala as the new prime minister of the power-sharing government.", "Journalists at Fairfax Media, one of Australia's largest publishers, have gone on strike for a week to protest against massive job cuts.", "Teenager Tom Marquand has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of three-times champion jockey Ryan Moore by his trainer Richard Hannon.", "The Colombian government and Farc rebels have agreed to resume peace talks, which were suspended last month over the abduction of an army general, mediators say.", "The Football Association has charged Blackburn midfielder Hope Akpan with violent conduct after he was sent off for pushing a referee.", "Former British number one Laura Robson will play at next month's grass-court Wimbledon warm-up event in Nottingham.", "The Democratic Republic of the Congo has been urged to investigate at least 421 bodies found in an unmarked burial ground in the capital, Kinshasa.", "Everton have agreed a deal with Premier League rivals Southampton that paves the way for Ronald Koeman to become their new manager.", "Over the last three decades, governments of various stripes have promised radical change to solve England's housing crisis and today's White Paper is no exception.", "A body found near Strathclyde Park in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.", "Neymar is the most valuable player in Europe - worth about \u00a3216m - according to a new study which values 10 players at more than 100m euros.", "A row between a Police and Crime Commissioner and his deputy, who was found guilty of serious misconduct, has been resolved following a payout.", "Northern Ireland goalscorer Gareth McAuley says Thursday's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine - their first at a European Championship - was \"massive\".", "A student whose mother and teenage brother were stabbed to death is focusing on caring for her father who was also injured in the attack.", "South Korea's education minister has apologised after two faulty questions in the national college entrance exam left thousands of students confused.", "National League North side Gloucester City are in talks with rugby league team Gloucestershire All Golds about a potential groundshare.", "A Labour MP who accused Jeremy Corbyn of threatening to use his father - former Sinn F\u00e9in mayor Pat McGinn - to \"bully me into submission\" has spoken publicly about the row.", "Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been confirmed among 126 riders for the 2016 Tour of Britain, which begins in Glasgow on Sunday.", "A former financial controller has admitted stealing more than \u00a3440,000 from a hospital charity.", "Police in India's Maharashtra state have arrested five members of an upper caste for beating, stripping and parading naked a low-caste Dalit woman.", "Toshiba shares rallied more than 10% on Thursday on reports the firm was about to secure substantial new loans for its restructuring efforts.", "England's batsmen must \"pull their fingers out\" if they are to win the third Test against Pakistan and draw the series 1-1, says James Anderson.", "British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he will not repeat Graham Henry's 2001 mistake by splitting the squad early in the tour.", "Rangers have made right-back Lee Hodson their eighth summer signing on a three-year deal from MK Dons.", "Criminals and terrorists are using the so-called dark net to buy weapons, a new study has suggested.", "Chris Rock has announced that he's separating from his wife.", "A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted an American visa so he can have surgery to remove excess skin.", "A new type of drug could benefit men with aggressive prostate cancer that is no longer responding to treatment, researchers from the Institute of Cancer Research have said.", "European leagues are free to schedule domestic games on the same nights as Champions League and Europa League ties after an agreement with Uefa ended.", "Police are investigating the rape of a woman in Queens Park in Glasgow's Southside.", "Swansea's caretaker manager Alan Curtis says there would be no guarantee the club would return to the Premier League if they were relegated this season.", "The overall student loan debt for Welsh students has reached \u00a33.7bn, new figures show.", "Police in Italy have arrested a jobless man who posed as an airline pilot, tricking his way into riding in the cockpit of at least one jet.", "David Cameron has said too many children from immigrant families are not able to speak English when they start at school.", "Low pay and scarce hours are pushing working families and young people into poverty in Wales, a new report claims.", "Schools have been reopening in Guinea after a five-month closure because of the deadly Ebola outbreak.", "The sister of a teenager who was murdered, cut up and buried by her boyfriend says she is afraid after discovering he has been out of prison.", "Craft brewer BrewDog has raised $1m (\u00a3770,000) from US investors within the first three days of a new funding round, according to the company.", "An industrial dispute at Tata Steel has ended after workers voted to accept changes to their pension scheme.", "Keurig Green Mountain, which makes K-cups single-serve coffee pods, said it has accepted a $13.9bn (\u00a39.2bn) bid.", "A university has withdrawn a poster which appeared to ridicule Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence after her nude pictures were leaked on the internet.", "A man has been stabbed to death in a street in north London.", "Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to perform consistently at a \"high intensity\" if they are to earn more international recognition.", "Hundreds of rooms at a \u00a345m student halls development at Aberystwyth University will not be ready for the new term.", "Characters based on a Nickelodeon cartoon were dropped from a Northern Ireland council's Christmas celebrations - after it emerged they were unauthorised.", "Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton coach Colin Calderwood as their assistant manager to Steve Bruce.", "Great Britain will miss the men's Olympic 4x100m relay final after being disqualified in their semi-final.", "Police are appealing for witnesses following a head-on crash between a car and a bus in West Lothian.", "Police have named a 52-year-old man who died after the forklift truck he was driving toppled over.", "Great Britain's double gold medallist Nicola Adams believes new trainer Virgil Hunter will play a key part in success as a professional.", "Lala Njava's music is grounded in Madagascan tradition but is enriched with jazz, trance and afrobeat.", "Smoking could play a direct role in the development of schizophrenia and needs to be investigated, researchers say.", "A family of five, including three young children, had to be rescued from a Somerset beach after their car got stuck in the mud on Saturday evening.", "Dundee United have signed their second goalkeeper in a week by bringing in Harry Lewis on loan from Southampton.", "Auditors have questioned the way a health board handled funding awarded to a celebrity-led charity event.", "An 85-year-old woman has died after being struck by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.", "A tractor being driven by a 15-year-old boy \"as a taxi for his drunk mates\" has been stopped by police in North Yorkshire.", "A man accused of claiming almost \u00c2\u00a310,000 after allegedly pretending his family died in the Grenfell Tower fire has denied two counts of fraud.", "A farmer told to demolish a mock Tudor castle that was built without planning permission has vowed to rebuild \"the work of art\" elsewhere.", "Full services on Nottingham's new tram lines have started, eight months behind schedule.", "Thieves broke into vans and stole tools being used by a team working on a life-changing project for TV show DIY SOS.", "Oil and gas exploration firm Tullow Oil has reported a pre-tax loss of \u00a31.3bn for the year to 31 December as low oil prices bit into revenues.", "A man who tried to get home on a 2.5 tonne road roller after a night out drinking in Dumfries has received a 15-month driving ban.", "A whisky distillery plans to invest \u00a3580,000 in community projects to mark its 200 years on the island of Islay.", "A plane bound for Chicago has been forced to make an emergency landing for the second time in two days.", "The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes said she is going to sue police over mishandling her murder case.", "Brazilian police say they want to speak to International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about an alleged scheme to resell tickets during last month's Rio Olympics.", "Three rare pygmy marmosets have been rescued and are set to be reunited, after being stolen from a Sydney zoo at the weekend.", "Forget James Bond, when it comes to recruiting spies needed to protect Britain there aren't enough Jane Bonds.", "The world leader of millions of Muslims has condemned the Westminster terror attack calling it an \"affront to the teachings of Islam\".", "Singer Charlotte Church has lost her unborn baby, she has announced.", "A man who admitted causing a fatal crash while being pursued by an unmarked police car has been jailed for nine years.", "A pensioner who underwent gender re-assignment surgery at the age of 69 says she lived \"in the wrong body\" for most of her life because she feared the reaction of her friends and family.", "Astronomers have discovered a baby planet which looks like a young version of Jupiter.", "Campaigners have opened a camp with thousands of protesters due in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.", "The High Court has banned publication of photographs allegedly stolen from Pippa Middleton's iCloud account.", "Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales back-rower Rob McCusker on a short-term contract as injury cover.", "Heavily armed men have attacked a convoy of cars belonging to a Saudi prince, stealing 250,000 euros (\u00a3200,000; $330,000), police say.", "\"Dedicated\" and \"hungry for success\" are phrases used a lot in connection with athletes heading to compete in an Olympic Games.", "Mobile and landline telephone services have been restored in Shetland after coverage was lost for several hours causing disruption.", "A girls' school has scrapped its end of year prom claiming it is too much of a \"distraction\" to pupils.", "Leyton Orient have appointed former chief executive Matt Porter to their board of directors following Nigel Travis' takeover on 22 June.", "US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted there is a reason she was seen nodding off at the president's State of the Union address.", "A man is being held in Manchester on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "Detectives investigating the alleged attempted kidnap of a baby are appealing for a taxi driver to contact them.", "One of Scotland's most wanted fugitives is still believed to be hiding in the Netherlands almost 10 years after he raped a woman in Glasgow.", "A paedophile who raped a 12-year-old boy after grooming him online has been jailed for 13 years.", "Italy's first female astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, is spending almost six months on the International Space Station.", "A council is to seek a civil injunction and damages against one of its own councillors and other members of the public.", "Guinea-Bissau's players have ended their strike after being paid outstanding wages, four days before the start of the Africa Cup of Nations.", "David Cameron has voiced his \"strong support\" for the expansion of grammar schools during a visit to the South East.", "A disturbance at a prison saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put \"out of commission\", a union has said.", "Batsman Joe Root has credited sacked coach Peter Moores with the form that resulted in him being named England's player of the year.", "Manager Grant McCann has apologised to the fans for Peterborough United's 4-1 home defeat by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Southend United.", "An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.", "A railway line which was closed due to a landslip is to reopen next week, Network Rail has announced.", "A surfer who lost his leg in a shark attack in Western Australia last week has died, police say.", "A jet skier has been airlifted to hospital after a crash involving a speedboat during an event off Anglesey.", "A mother-of-four battered a toddler to death months after she was made the child's legal guardian, a court has heard.", "Mixu Paatelainen praised his Dundee United players' resolve as they beat St Johnstone 1-0, despite being reduced to 10 men for the last 30 minutes.", "A man has been found guilty of murdering his \"on-off partner\" by bludgeoning her to death.", "Three nightclub doormen have told how they helped rescue a man trapped in an upturned car in a water-filled ditch.", "The Italian parliament has approved a long-debated and extensive electoral reform that aims to give the country more political stability.", "(Close) The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a fresh high for a second consecutive day after a rally in financial shares boosted the index.", "Paralympic champions Jonnie Peacock, Hannah Cockroft, Richard Whitehead and Kadeena Cox are in the Great Britain squad for next month's World Para-Athletics Championships in London.", "The president of Afghanistan has told an emotional husband that a group of men accused of gang raping his wife would be brought to justice.", "A man who sparked a drug-fuelled roof-top siege after breaking up with his partner has been given a suspended prison sentence.", "Warwickshire took command of the battle of Division One's bottom two after Jonathan Trott had reached the 42nd first-class century of his career.", "Jack Grealish scored twice on his full debut as England Under-21s continued their perfect start to the Toulon Tournament by thrashing Guinea.", "Richard Carpenter has said he is owed at least $2m (\u00c2\u00a31.6m) in royalties for the hits he recorded in The Carpenters, including Yesterday Once More.", "An artist's impression of how an expanded primary school in Addlestone will look has been unveiled.", "New Portsmouth recruit Amine Linganzi is determined to secure a long-term contract with the club.", "Ulster pair Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to make a return from injury for the end of season run-in.", "More than 400 people have attended a meeting to oppose plans for a supermarket.", "Queen of the South fought back from two goals down to draw with promotion-chasing Falkirk in the Championship.", "A school has been accused of breaching anti-discrimination laws after claims a four-year-old Muslim pupil was told she could not wear a headscarf.", "A man who fraudulently claimed nearly \u00a340,000 in benefits over the course of almost 11 years has been jailed for 18 months.", "The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the three months to June, driven in part by a booming film industry, said the Office for National Statistics (ONS).", "Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said Manchester United's important players were \"in our pockets\" in a match that went \"exactly\" as they wanted.", "A review team looking at the quality of life of older people is to swoop unannounced on 100 care homes.", "Owen Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language television broadcaster S4C.", "Liverpool centre-back Mamadou Sakho was suspended last season for taking a substance that was not on the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) banned list, according to a Uefa report.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.", "Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has issued a stern public rebuke to the military deputy chief of staff.", "MPs have called on the UK government not to cut its funding of Welsh language channel S4C.", "The main tunnel serving Scotland's third busiest rail station is to close for 20 weeks, causing major disruption.", "Nottingham Forest owner and chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi says he is close to agreeing a deal to sell the club.", "Key countries in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have pledged to pursue \"growth-friendly\" policies to kickstart the slowing world economy.", "Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, is not among the 10 Republicans running for president who will take part in the first primetime TV debate.", "Leicester Tigers have signed new England loose-head prop Ellis Genge from newly-promoted Bristol.", "Staff at Swansea's DVLA offices will be redeployed rather than face redundancy after changes to the way motorists pay their car tax, a UK transport minister has confirmed.", "Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the decision to scrap the toss in the County Championship this season looks like it is working.", "Some people say they are addicted to Facebook and can't go for long without checking their status.", "A teenage boy has appeared in court for a second time charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed at his Aberdeen school.", "Walsall have signed goalkeeper Mark Gillespie on a two-year contract from Carlisle United on a free transfer.", "Two men from High Wycombe jailed for a fatal stabbing have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.", "Patrick Roberts believes his loan spell at Celtic will prepare him for the challenge of trying to break into the Manchester City first team.", "Colchester have signed goalkeeper Rene Gilmartin as a player-coach after his release by Watford, and confirmed Dean Brill will not be returning.", "A man shot his ill wife before killing himself in a suicide pact, an inquest has heard.", "Australia has confirmed it sent 46 asylum seekers back to Vietnam after intercepting their boat off the coast of Western Australia last month.", "MotoGP championship leader Marc Marquez moved 52 points clear in the title race with victory at the Aragon Grand Prix.", "Helen Glover expects her partnership with Polly Swann to develop quickly as they prepare for the European Championships in Belgrade.", "Nick Clegg has accused the new Tory government of abandoning the values he said had been at the coalition's core.", "Industrial production in China recorded a smaller-than-expected rise in April, underlining worries that the economy may be losing steam.", "Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Aaron Tshibola on a one-month loan deal and Mansfield striker Rakish Bingham on a season-long loan.", "People are voting across Merseyside in the general and local council elections.", "A large billboard has been puzzling residents of a County Down town, and commuters on the main route between Bangor and Belfast.", "Hundreds of aerospace jobs could be lost if a factory is forced to \"significantly downsize\" or close, it has been claimed.", "A man accused of kidnapping his partner allegedly drove at a police officer who tried to save her, a court has heard.", "Declassified documents reveal concerns of the UK government 60 years ago that Rockall could become a base for spying on a missile test site.", "The artist who created the album cover for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been given a top honour in the band's home city.", "Alfreton Town have signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney on loan from League Two side York for the rest of the season.", "The International Monetary Fund has today highlighted the challenge to be faced by the next government in returning the public finances to balance.", "BBC newsreader Sophie Raworth is to be part of Watchdog's new presenting team.", "The BBC generated more than \u00a38bn for the UK economy in 2011-12, almost twice its licence fee spend.", "The US has said that it will resume aid to the military in Bahrain.", "A signed Beatles ticket from a concert in Norfolk in 1963 is expected to fetch up to \u00a32,000 at auction in London.", "A body has been found by police in their search for a missing man from Merthyr Tydfil.", "Red Bull have said that their hopes of securing a Mercedes engine supply in 2016 are now over.", "Guernsey's Environment Department has invited islanders to identify the parcels of land that could be suitable for development.", "An actress who appeared in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to attend a special screening of the movie in Kingussie later.", "Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego both made centuries to drag Somerset back into contention with Middlesex on day three of the County Championship match.", "A power cut left Venezuela's parliament in the dark as it discussed a law dedicated to the energy sector.", "Two international rugby stars have returned to their home club to help coach an under-10s team and to watch the first XV in action.", "The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.", "Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, says Scarlets captain Ken Owens.", "Widnes Vikings claimed just their second Super League win of the season with a narrow victory over St Helens.", "A former Welsh amateur boxing champion said she is turning professional as she does not have confidence in the governing body.", "World number one Novak Djokovic won his first title since his surprise exit from Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Japan's Kei Nishikori in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.", "Peter Houston is still seeking to fine-tune his Falkirk squad, with a striker and defender pinpointed as priorities.", "Humans lived in the Amazon rainforest much earlier than previously thought, and even helped shape its biodiversity, researchers have said.", "Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.", "Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined to make sure the club is not involved in another Premier League relegation fight next season.", "Labour's Barry Coppinger has been re-elected as Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner.", "The Queen has been spotted having an evening meal at an Edinburgh pub.", "A court in the Philippines has found a US marine guilty of killing a transgender woman.", "Great Britain's Colin Fleming says tennis players guilty of match-fixing should face life bans.", "The Pentagon is considering transferring Private Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison in order to treat her gender dysphoria, US media report.", "Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the first round of the Korea Open by qualifier Nicole Gibbs.", "St Johnstone have made 18-year-old Northern Irish midfielder Kyle McClean their first signing of the summer.", "Disney has become the first film studio to take $7bn (\u00c2\u00a35.7bn) in global ticket sales for 2016.", "Some 11,180 students were placed on undergraduate courses in the UK through clearing in the first 24 hours after yesterday's A-level results.", "Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced plans to track foreign homeownership and raised the possibility of eventually enacting limits on buying.", "The grandmother of a four-year-old boy who received part of his father's liver has said all is going \"according to plan\" following the operation.", "A Whitehaven woman who defrauded a charity set up by a teenager dying of cancer who became well-known for her \"bucket list\" has been sentenced.", "A former special constable who groomed and engaged in sexual activity with a child has been jailed for five years.", "ScotRail said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to bring to an end a dispute over driver-only operated trains.", "People who have been flocking to Fife to see a whale which has been breaching in the Firth of Forth are being warned from \"making any attempts to approach or actively pursue\" it.", "Cardiff Devils lost 6-1 away to Nottingham Panthers in the Elite League, less than 48 hours before playing the same opposition in the Challenge Cup final.", "Organisers of the Miss America pageant have apologised to actress Vanessa Williams, 32 years after she was forced to hand back her title.", "More than 20 parties have come forward with bids to either recycle four Royal Navy frigates or turn some of them into artificial reefs, the BBC has learned.", "Ofgem has asked for more information on why a subsea cable is needed to carry electricity generated on the Western Isles to the mainland.", "Hostage Johan Gustafsson, held by al-Qaeda in Mali since 2011, has been freed, the Swedish government says.", "Action to reduce the number of Welsh children with type 1 diabetes from being admitted to hospital is needed as cases continue to rise, experts warn.", "A man whose son was killed during an opposition protest in Venezuela's capital Caracas has made a personal plea to President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro.", "The Public Prosecution Service and the PSNI have launched a legal bid to gain access to all interviews and notes by a former IRA member who was one of the main researchers for a Troubles history project at Boston College.", "A baby tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Lancashire.", "Bird flu has been confirmed in a flock of 19,500 turkeys at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said.", "The UN refugee agency has criticised Cameroon for the forced return of hundreds of refugees to north-east Nigeria after they had fled from the Islamist Boko Haram insurgency.", "A woman who nearly drowned during a school swimming lesson when she was 10 years old has won a compensation battle at the High Court.", "The ruling party in Burundi has won the parliamentary election boycotted by the main opposition parties.", "Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify military documents about the killing of ex-president Thomas Sankara, a lawyer for his family has said.", "At least two people have died and several others are feared missing after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa.", "Four of the UK's worst traffic bottlenecks occur on the Edinburgh bypass, according to new research.", "A pensioner used a mini camera to secretly film women's bare legs in a Falkirk shopping centre, a court was told.", "The authorities in Texas have charged two men with conspiring to harbour suspected illegal immigrants.", "St Johnstone players Danny Swanson and Richard Foster are set to face \"severe\" punishments for brawling with each other in the 1-0 defeat at Hamilton, manager Tommy Wright says.", "British artists have scooped several nominations for the 2015 Grammys.", "Millions of Muslims all around the world will be celebrating Eid al-Fitr this week to mark the end of Ramadan.", "Ten men were arrested after a teenager was stabbed and gun shots were fired, police said.", "The partner of a transgender woman found dead in a men's prison while on remand has told an inquest she did not want to be in a male jail.", "Personal insolvency numbers have returned to \"relative stability\" in Scotland following the introduction last year of new bankruptcy legislation, according to officials.", "A group of primary school children were injured on a trip to a farm when the trailer they were in became detached from the tractor pulling it.", "Pope Francis has condemned the \"complicit silence\" about the killing of Christians during a Good Friday service in Rome.", "The Bolivian government has declared a state of emergency in a vast agricultural area affected by a plague of locusts.", "Wales rugby great Gareth Edwards has been knighted by the Duke of Cambridge in recognition of a glittering sporting career and services to charity.", "Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes are close to be being snuffed out following a 3-0 loss to England at Wembley.", "Polar bears involved in a Scottish captive breeding project are sharing an enclosure and mating.", "Guy Martin and John McGuinness will race for the Japanese-based Mugen team in this year's TT race for electric-powered machines.", "A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.", "A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over his confrontation with a woman who died in jail shortly after being arrested.", "A tweet from One Direction's Louis Tomlinson to Harry Styles has become the second most retweeted post of all time.", "A German court has sentenced a doctor who fled Chile to five years in prison for involvement in child sex abuse at a commune called Colonia Dignidad.", "Three weeks after the general election, and a week after the state opening of Parliament, new MPs have been busy making their maiden speeches in the House of Commons.", "A country pub saved from closure after villagers stepped in to buy it has been named national pub of the year.", "Mexican authorities are to investigate allegations children battling cancer were given \"distilled water\" instead of chemotherapy.", "Gloucester City chairman Nigel Hughes has urged absent fans to return to the struggling non-league club.", "The funeral of an Afghanistan veteran and Green Beret who died after collapsing during the London Marathon has been held in Dunfermline, Fife.", "A man who was tortured and raped during an attack by two of his former friends in a Belfast flat has said he thought he was \"going to die that night\".", "A militant from the so-called Islamic State (IS) believed to be responsible for a deadly attack on US troops in northern Iraq has been killed in a drone strike, the US military said.", "Vin Diesel sang, Channing Tatum danced and Zac Efron showed off his abs, yes - again, at the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.", "Plymouth Argyle striker Jimmy Spencer will miss at least three months after breaking and dislocating his ankle.", "Radamel Falcao has been omitted from Chelsea's 25-man squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.", "A baby dolphin has died after it was surrounded by tourists looking to take photographs on a beach in southern Spain.", "Two men have been assaulted by an armed gang in south Belfast.", "Several thousand customers were left without electricity for a time on Wednesday night.", "A man has been stabbed to death in Mottingham in the early hours of Boxing Day.", "Plans for a controversial cycle path through Edinburgh have been agreed in principle by city councillors.", "Last year's winner Many Clouds heads Saturday's Grand National field after the 40-runner line-up was confirmed.", "Keepers at Chester Zoo are making sure every creature, from the biggest elephant to the smallest beetle, is present and correct as part of their annual animal count.", "A manhunt is under way in Germany after a man allegedly stabbed a nine-year-old neighbour to death and uploaded a video boasting of his deed to the dark web.", "A second referendum on the details of any Brexit deal should be offered to voters, Green Party of England and Wales MP Caroline Lucas has said.", "An NHS mental health services provider has been upgraded from \"inadequate\" to \"good\" following a recent inspection.", "This year's Grand National winner Rule The World has been retired.", "Air, sea and land searches were made over the weekend for a missing 18-year-old Inverness man.", "Coronation Street and Keeping up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent has said.", "The search for a Scots botanist missing in Vietnam is expected to resume later after being abandoned in heavy snow.", "Petrol and diesel prices rose sharply in October, said the RAC, taking them to their highest level since July 2015.", "\"Extremely serious concerns about unacceptable noise and disruption\" caused by students in Oxford have increased, according to a letter seen by the BBC.", "A hospital has suspended visits to patients on all its wards following an outbreak of the norovirus bug.", "A man has appeared in court over an acid attack that left two people with \"life-changing\" injuries.", "Ferry firm SeaFrance is to shed 127 jobs in Dover after it was liquidated by a French court and told to cease activity.", "Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied confessing to the abduction, rape and killing of 13-year-old Milly Dowler.", "The Israeli government has taken steps to reduce the penalties for personal marijuana use.", "Everton's Romelu Lukaku has decided where he wants to play next season.", "A 1969 Led Zeppelin session for the BBC that was thought to have been lost when archives were wiped has been recovered from a recording made by a fan.", "A prison officer has suffered a serious neck wound after she was attacked at a jail in County Antrim.", "Post offices and shops are expected to be very busy on Tuesday, as people going back to work after the holidays try to return unwanted presents.", "Northern Ireland's new health minister has challenged politicians to accept change as he outlined his vision for the future of local health services.", "A school pupil involved in a coach crash in Belgium in which the driver died is still having \"sleepless nights\" two months on, her father has said.", "Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Dundee United, but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by Rangers.", "A motorcyclist who reached the speed of 237km/h (147mph) on Beijing's ring road has been detained by Chinese police for dangerous driving, state media report.", "One in three councils in England has not replaced a single home sold through the Right to Buy scheme since 2012, according to the charity Shelter.", "A bill to restrict foreign ownership in Russia's media will soon go before the parliament, which is dominated by MPs loyal to President Vladimir Putin.", "Plans to demolish and replace two West Midlands fire stations - one of which is Grade II listed - have been backed by fire service bosses.", "A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two young children inside.", "Eastleigh have confirmed the loan signing of Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.", "A football club chairman and his father were given a \"loan\" of more than \u00a32.5m by a company set up to oversee the development of its stadium.", "A Haitian former coup leader, Guy Philippe, has pleaded not guilty in a US court to drug trafficking and money laundering charges.", "Nursing job applicants are being offered two months free accommodation in a bid to quell staff shortages at a hospital trust.", "Indian police have arrested nine people they suspect of colluding to illegally construct a high-rise residential building in Mumbai which collapsed, killing 74 people.", "Ross County have completed the signing of central midfielder Tim Chow on a two-year contract.", "Aston Villa have named Tom Fox as the club's new chief executive.", "Christmas swims are expected to attract bumper numbers this year due to milder winter weather and growing popularity for the craze.", "China faces a ban from international weightlifting competition after three of its athletes failed doping tests.", "The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen in the past year, according to a new report.", "German airline Lufthansa is making an eleventh-hour court appeal to halt a planned pilots' strike that will cancel 900 flights on Wednesday.", "The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted allowing human sewage to leak from a tank and pollute a stream.", "Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has had his loan spell with Belgian club Standard Liege terminated.", "Labour's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review to work on long-term changes to England's exams and curriculum for 14 to 19-year-olds.", "Workers in Northern Ireland factories operated by US firm Caterpillar will be given details of job cuts later.", "Business leaders' group the Institute of Directors (IoD) has accused the UK government of a \"poverty of ambition\" on broadband speeds.", "Three different 999 services had to be stood down after a \"body in the water\" turned out to be a bronze sculpture.", "A paedophile who travelled from London to south Wales has been jailed for three years.", "Solihull held on to claim a narrow victory over Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men late on.", "Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has confirmed he will not stand for Parliament again after taking a new role with an education think-tank.", "A 200-year-old burial site has been discovered during redevelopment work at Brighton Dome Corn Exchange.", "Mae diffoddwyr yn mynd i'r afael \u00e2 th\u00e2n mawr mewn garej yn Sir Conwy.", "York residents are being put off applying for flood protection grants as the process is \"incredibly complicated\", a local MP has claimed.", "A woman who was seriously hurt in a fatal hen party motorway crash is now helping other major trauma victims rebuild their lives.", "Cuban police have detained more than 50 people who took part in a march calling on the island's communist government to release political prisoners.", "New car sales in Scotland grew last month but at half the rate of the UK as a whole, according to motor traders.", "Police in Edinburgh are investigating a series of thefts and attempted thefts where men have impersonated police officers.", "The European Commission has ruled that a controversial EU-Canada free trade deal - CETA - cannot be renegotiated, despite much opposition in Europe.", "A Royal Navy chef has spent hours melting chocolate buttons to create a small fleet of ships in commemoration of the Battle of Trafalgar.", "Ambulance crews who gave a cardiac arrest patient 17 high-energy electric shocks say he is lucky to be alive.", "Belfast's Rebecca Shorten won a bronze medal as part of the Great Britain women's eight at the final World Cup regatta of the season in Lucerne.", "The owner of a cat which visits a supermarket every day, has had to ask people to stop feeding his pet because he was putting on weight.", "Bradford City made sure of a League One play-off spot as they beat Southend United thanks to Lee Evans' early goal.", "A new mayor in South Africa says he will give away a fleet of new luxury cars ordered by his predecessors.", "A union has welcomed reassurances from the new owner of Bernard Matthews over job security and pensions.", "A man in a wheelchair with an apparent grievance has detonated a small device at Beijing International Airport.", "One person has been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the M4 in Cardiff involving a tanker and a van.", "Councillors are to be given a progress report on plans to develop a national resilience centre in Dumfries.", "Legoland has apologised to people who have spent hours stuck in its car park.", "A care home has been ordered to raise its standards after the industry watchdog criticised areas including infection control.", "An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who raided her home and stole birthday and Christmas presents.", "A second teenager has been arrested after a suspected knife fight broke out at a London shopping centre on Boxing Day, the Metropolitan Police has said.", "Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising as a player and co-owner.", "Britain's Olympic silver medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill should \"take time\" to consider her future, her coach Toni Minichiello has said.", "A heavily pregnant woman had a gun pressed to her head when masked burglars broke into her Rochdale home.", "A town centre footfall study in the Borders has recorded a 6% rise across eight main towns in the region in 2015 compared with the previous year.", "Bhutan is a tiny and remote kingdom nestling in the Himalayas between its powerful neighbours, India and China.", "Scotland boss-in-waiting Shelley Kerr is good enough to coach any men's side in Scotland, according to 104-time capped forward Suzanne Grant.", "Stoke City have signed Cameroon winger Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a three-year deal after his contract ran out at German club Schalke.", "The SNP has held a South Ayrshire Council ward following a by-election which was called after the previous incumbent was elected as an MP.", "A group of Italian scientists convicted of manslaughter for failing to predict a deadly earthquake have had the verdict quashed.", "Vitamin B3 could be the new weapon in the fight against superbugs such as MRSA, researchers have suggested.", "A child sexual exploitation report has found police made no sustained effort to find out who was responsible for abusing children in the care system.", "Musician Koffi Olomide has been taken into custody in the Democratic Republic of Congo, days after he was deported from Kenya for allegedly kicking one of his dancers at an airport in Nairobi.", "Two convicted rapists and a man convicted of assault - all considered to be a \"risk to the public\" - have absconded from an open prison.", "Rapper Kanye West has declared he wants to work with Ikea on a new range of furniture.", "A \"glitch\" which shut down all the computer systems at Edinburgh Airport caused \"massive disruption\" and some flight delays.", "A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a 14-year-old boy was treated in hospital after taking half of a 'Darth Vader' tablet.", "Burma has set up a commission to investigate recent violence between Buddhists and Muslims in the west of the country, in which dozens died.", "Mafia criminals who are better educated tend to earn more, research suggests.", "England full-back Sam Tomkins will rejoin Wigan on a four-year deal after he agreed to leave National Rugby League side New Zealand Warriors.", "A man killed in a crash in Chorley had recently returned from a motorbike tour of Europe as part of his 21st birthday celebrations.", "Bournemouth's Polish goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.", "These amazing forest buildings could help tackle China's pollution problems.", "Britain's Tom Daley said he was \"heartbroken\" after a shock semi-final elimination in the Olympic 10m platform diving competition.", "The Republic's spending watchdog has reportedly concluded that the \u00a31.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio had \"irregularities\" and \"shortcomings\".", "Hackers have targeted a council Twitter feed - announcing an end to council tax and free parking for all.", "Starting university is meant to be an exciting time but for Amara Bangura it has been a bit too eventful.", "The BBC's News at Ten is to run 10 minutes longer in the New Year, with the bulletin set to end at 22:45 GMT on every weekday except Friday.", "Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is \"out of order\" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri, says ex-Arsenal defender Martin Keown.", "The family of a woman who killed herself after being discharged from hospital has labelled a report into her death \"psycho babble and twaddle\".", "Sony Music, one of the big three global record companies, says it will start pressing its own vinyl releases again for the first time since 1989.", "A female polar bear at a Scottish zoo has been temporarily put off limits to visitors as a precaution in case she is pregnant.", "New health advice recommends short spells in the sun - without suncream and in the middle of the day.", "Multimillion-pound repairs to a flood-hit bridge have been approved by senior councillors.", "South Africa is set to hold a huge protest march against xenophobia in the coastal city of Durban following a wave of attacks on foreigners.", "The death of a man who twice apparently jumped from a building has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.", "Plans to relax so-called \"purdah rules\" on government announcements in the run-up to the EU referendum are to be the subject of a quickfire inquiry by MPs.", "This ancient fort could not look more different to the red brick housing estate currently occupying suburbia in Monmouthshire.", "A person has been taken to hospital by air ambulance following a serious crash on a major road in Monmouthshire.", "More than 50,000 people in the NHS earned more than \u00a3100,000 in 2013-14, an investigation by the Taxpayers' Alliance and Daily Mail shows.", "This Friday marks the 100th anniversary of one of the deadliest battles in World War One.", "A public school teacher who groped an 18-year-old girl has been given a nine-month suspended sentence.", "Two teenagers arrested after a 16-year-old boy suffered \"potentially life threatening injuries\" in a stabbing in Brighton have been released on bail.", "The body of a missing music shop owner has been found in the boot of his car parked in Birmingham.", "Punk-pop band Green Day have hit number one for the third time in their career with their new album Revolution Radio.", "Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become boss at League One side Bury, after they agreed a compensation package with the Scottish Premiership side.", "Turkey's government has sacked another 1,389 soldiers accused of being linked to the coup attempt earlier this month.", "Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of high-rise buildings in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire.", "Nineteen people have been killed after a bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims crashed in Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state-run Mena news agency says.", "Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes has said he is \"ready to move on with his life\" after a man appeared in court to admit assaulting him.", "World number one Dustin Johnson is out of the Masters at Augusta National after suffering a back injury in a fall at his rental home on Wednesday.", "Hundreds of jobs could be lost if Rolls-Royce moves it research and development work out of Derby, a Unite union organiser has said.", "Australia were \"overly sensitive\" to postpone their tour of Bangladesh over security concerns, says Pakistan Cricket Board president Shahryar Khan.", "A specialised white blood cell found in birds can destroy an infection thought to cause hundreds of thousands of human deaths a year, scientists claim.", "A plane has been forced to carry out an unexpected landing after being struck by lightning.", "A woman has been remanded in custody charged with covering up the death of a one-year-old for more than a decade.", "People concerned with traffic congestion in villages near Stonehenge are stepping up a campaign for \"urgent action\" to be taken.", "Birmingham defender Paul Caddis has been told he is free to find a new club after more than four years with Blues.", "Fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says Australia's attack can reopen the scars of England's batting struggles from their 5-0 Ashes whitewash down under.", "An Orange hall in County Antrim has been the target of a paint bomb attack.", "Three people were killed when a \"monster truck\" ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at an annual motor show in the east of the Netherlands.", "Labour's leadership is heading \"in the opposite direction to where voters are\" on big issues, an ex-minister says.", "Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than \u00a31m.", "Plans by Apple and Google to do more to protect customers' privacy have made the FBI \"very concerned\".", "The influential head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has called for civilian drone technology to be regulated, warning about privacy and security concerns.", "Two care workers who admitted neglect after a pensioner fell from a hoist at a Birmingham care home have been sentenced to 12-month community orders.", "The makers of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway board game have apologised after it was found to have several errors.", "Security is tight in the German capital, Berlin, Germany host England in a friendly football match.", "Imax, the Canadian maker of widescreen cinema theatres, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) of its China unit in Hong Kong.", "A gold supercar with L-plates was seized by police in west London, leaving its driver by the roadside.", "Cincinnati's Scooter Gennett became the 17th player to hit four home runs in a Major League Baseball game in Tuesday's 13-1 win over St. Louis Cardinals.", "West Yorkshire's chief constable has had his suspension lifted.", "The US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on an unannounced visit.", "Concerns are growing for a teenager who was last seen at a beach in South Devon six days ago.", "A man who stabbed a motorist 39 times after a crash was misdiagnosed with a form of autism, a court has been told.", "League One side Peterborough United have parted company with manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.", "Media regulator Ofcom has opened up bidding for operators to set up their own local TV services across the UK.", "An RAF pilot was guided into landing his jet by a colleague in another aircraft after suffering \"a partial loss of vision\", it has emerged.", "Meat-eaters \"easily cheat, lie, forget promises and commit sex crimes\", according to a controversial school textbook available in India.", "A man has appeared before magistrates in Bristol charged with murder after a man was knocked down and dragged under a moving car.", "Former US President Bill Clinton is introduced to the McGuinness family by Sinn F\u00e9in President Gerry Adams", "Brazilian prosecutors have filed corruption charges against President Dilma Rousseff's electoral strategist.", "The public is being asked to provide information on the locations of nine fugitives suspected of serious environmental crimes.", "Asian markets headed lower after a survey of China's manufacturing sector indicated it is shrinking at the fastest pace for six-and-a-half years.", "Jono Gibbes is to become the head coach of Pro12 side Ulster on a two-year deal in the summer.", "Four hillwalkers who got into difficulties during severe weather on Ben Lomond have been rescued.", "Shares in Swiss agribusiness group Syngenta have risen 12% after its takeover by ChemChina was given the go-ahead by a US regulator.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed goalkeeper Lenny Pidgeley until the end of the season.", "A lorry driver has smashed through the front wall of a pub in Wiltshire.", "League One side Fleetwood Town have signed defender Joe Davis from Leicester City for an undisclosed fee.", "League One side Oldham Athletic have signed goalkeeper Chris Kettings on a one-year deal.", "Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused over the 9/11 attacks have appeared at a US military tribunal for the first time in five months.", "Beyonce has scooped nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards, extending her lead as the most-nominated woman in Grammys history.", "The Prime Minister has given his public backing to a stadium in Cornwall if the Conservatives are re-elected in May.", "Manchester United have opened talks with Wayne Rooney over a new deal that could keep the striker at Old Trafford for the rest of his career.", "Mansfield Town have signed striker Kane Hemmings from League One club Oxford United on a season-long loan.", "The fuselage of a World War II Spitfire that has spent the last few years in a garden in Oxford has failed to reach its asking price at auction in Surrey.", "A castle has welcomed 20 chicks to its grounds after hens nested next to a lifelike replica boar.", "The government's immigration cap on skilled workers has had no effect on bringing down net migration and is not \"fit for purpose\", MPs say.", "The AA has warned that it may have to raise its prices because the government has doubled the tax rate on insurance policies in less than two years.", "The Archbishop of Canterbury is working with other Christian churches to agree on a fixed date for Easter.", "Air strikes on so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa have cut the city's water supply, with 20 civilians reported dead.", "Lincoln City have signed Shrewsbury winger James Caton on loan until the end of the season.", "Planned cuts to library services in a West Yorkshire town have been scrapped following campaigns by residents.", "Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported stronger than expected sales for the July-to-September period.", "Germany's Michael Jung retained his Olympic individual eventing title by winning gold at Rio 2016 on his second-choice horse.", "Locals could be offered the chance to buy shares in new wind farms, solar farms and hydro power stations, under new government approved guidelines.", "A 19-year-old man has been charged after a cat was killed and others were badly injured in shootings in Surrey.", "The Duchy of Cornwall was warned of the risk of a \"potentially fatal situation\" at a beach it owns, ahead of a man's death there last week.", "Asian markets traded lower on Thursday with investor sentiment dented by a weaker than expected first quarter growth figure in the US.", "Opener David Warner hit an unbeaten 122 as Australia drew a rain-affected third and final Test against West Indies.", "Rescuers used helicopters to pluck families from rooftops in the southern German town of Deggendorf on Wednesday as the Danube flood crisis continues.", "A mother walking her children to school in north Wales is in hospital with serious injuries after being attacked on a busy footpath.", "Two teenagers have been arrested and three knives recovered after 300 people attended a house party in east London.", "Interest rates should remain low to avoid long-term economic stagnation, the chief economist at the Bank of England has said.", "Hon Hai Precision Industry, a major assembler of Apple products, has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iPhones and iPads.", "A man has been acquitted of raping a student who killed herself while detectives investigated the case.", "A foam factory in Merthyr Tydfil has announced it will close with the loss of 80 jobs.", "The quest to find King Arthur's Camelot has puzzled and intrigued scholars and fans for over a thousand years.", "Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri has backed Jamie Vardy to end his goal drought, but revealed the striker has even struggled to score in training.", "A police officer has been slashed in the face with gardening shears during a large-scale disturbance in Essex.", "Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.", "Leaders of the prison officers union have reached a deal over pay and conditions following concerns about jail safety, the Ministry of Justice has said.", "A widower is appealing to help find the stranger who took the last photo of him and his wife together before she died.", "Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams because of health concerns, the health ministry says.", "There were angry scenes on Monday night as the bill enabling the government to trigger Article 50 cleared the Lords.", "More than 1,300 militants from so-called Islamic State were killed by British air strikes in Iraq over a 12-month period, according to new figures.", "An airport has taken down its passenger information website after a hacker breached security systems, claiming they were too lax.", "The preferred location for a town's first railway station in 50 years has been revealed.", "A third man has been jailed for murdering a flight attendant who was bludgeoned with a hammer and buried in a concrete tomb.", "Five people have been injured following a crash between a bin lorry, a bus and two cars.", "Shrien Dewani has arrived back in England after being cleared by a court in South Africa of arranging the murder of his wife in 2010.", "The company behind the UK's first horizontal fracking operation has announced six \"commitments\" which it claims will ensure Lancashire benefits.", "Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has fired a senior official over an incident caused by his daughter at an exclusive restaurant last month.", "British and Burmese authorities could work together to find 20 Spitfires buried in Burma at the end of the World War II, officials say.", "Two men were rescued after becoming stranded on a crag on Snowdon's narrow Crib Goch ridge.", "A system for detaining asylum seekers while their claims are speedily assessed has been temporarily suspended after it was ruled unlawful last month.", "South Wales Police are appealing for information over the whereabouts of a man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager.", "Two men arrested in connection with the suspected murder of a missing man have been released on bail.", "A major Scottish interior fitter has announced \"a major review of its longer-term vision, mission and strategy\".", "A retired TV producer is to appeal against his conviction for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner.", "The body of the first Briton to be killed while fighting against Islamic State (IS) has been handed over to his family at the Syrian-Iraqi border.", "Preston North End have re-signed goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a one-year deal after he had his contract cancelled at West Bromwich Albion.", "Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has accused his Labour Party colleagues of \"behaving like a petulant child who has been told you can't have the sweeties in the sweet shop\".", "A grandfather from Gwynedd died after being hit by a boat's propeller off the Maltese coast, an inquest has heard.", "An Iraqi court has sentenced to death 27 men for their involvement in the massacre of up to 1,700 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in June 2014.", "Devon-based surfing goods and forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by an Australian company as part of a \u00a37m deal.", "Spain's Sergio Garcia opened up a three-shot lead in the Dubai Desert Classic as the delayed second round was completed on Saturday morning.", "Darren Ambrose's double helped struggling Colchester United come from behind to win 2-1 at Bradford City and end a 19-game League One winless run.", "Three Neolithic-style huts have been built at Old Sarum to offer an insight into how Stonehenge's builders lived.", "Joseph Parker and Andy Ruiz Jr will fight for the WBO heavyweight title vacated by Tyson Fury on 10 December.", "Mae Cymru Fyw wedi mynd i ysbryd yr \u0175y-l ond mae ymennydd ein cwisfeistr druan wedi ffrio'n l\u00e2n!", "A second suspect wanted in the death of a US border official has been extradited to the US, in a case linked to a botched gun-running sting.", "The FBI is investigating another wave of bomb threats to Jewish facilities in the US after 11 sites were evacuated on Monday.", "Police investigating the rape of an elderly nun in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a key suspect in the crime.", "A member of Texas' House of Representatives has filed a resolution to urge Texans to stop using an emoji representing the Chilean flag when they really mean to use the Texan flag.", "The Premier League has announced a new deal with American broadcaster NBC Universal to show live games for the next six years.", "The second phase of a \u00a315m project to upgrade the water and sewer pipes in Stafford is under way.", "Turkey has accused Russia of again violating its airspace and warned it would \"face consequences\" if such infringements continue.", "Newcastle director of rugby Dean Richards believes his side are gaining attention due to their higher position in the Premiership table.", "Peterborough United defender Miles Addison has signed a new one-month contract with the League One side.", "Belgian rider Femke van den Driessche has been suspended for six years in the first proven case of mechanical doping in cycling.", "George Ford is expected to make way for Owen Farrell at fly-half for England's opening Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.", "A Stranraer Academy student has set up a petition to ensure a life-enhancing drug is made available to a fellow pupil with an extremely rare disease.", "Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their failed bid to be part of the inaugural Women's Super Rugby competition.", "A police drugs team worker was drafted in to help with a roadside drama as he helped deliver a baby.", "Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill believes other clubs are offering big money to Manu Tuilagi.", "A \"serial liar\" who made a series of bogus sexual assault allegations against 15 men has been jailed for 10 years.", "A businessman who plied teenage girls with vodka before sexually abusing them has been sentenced to 13 years.", "Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a factory on the Isle of Scalpay in the Western Isles.", "Torrential rain in Cambridgeshire caused a riverbank to collapse, left 856 homes without power, trapped drivers and closed two supermarkets.", "A British Army team has arrived in Somalia as part of a United Nations mission to counter Islamist militants.", "A six-year-old girl, who survived a cancer battle, is back in hospital after being injured when an inflatable slide blew into a crowd in high winds.", "Women's football's all-time international leading goalscorer, United States striker Abby Wambach, will retire at the end of a World Cup victory tour in December.", "Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of loose-head prop Oliver Kebble for next season.", "Head coach Denis Betts is not worried about Widnes' recent form despite four consecutive Super League defeats.", "Three people arrested after a man was found unconscious following a suspected assault in Brighton have been released without charge.", "A man who coerced a woman into having sex with a stranger before sending \"revenge porn\" to her family has been jailed for six years.", "Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.", "Temporary classrooms are being set up at a school that was damaged by fire.", "Wales wing George North's decision not to return to a Welsh region is a disappointment, says Rugby Wales chief executive Mark Davies.", "Czech 14th seed Petra Kvitova kept up her superb form by thrashing fourth seed Simona Halep to reach the final at the Wuhan Open in China.", "A man beaten with iron bars by a masked gang has blamed dissident republican paramilitaries for an attack at his home in Derry.", "A multi-million pound refurbishment of a Denbighshire leisure centre which was closed because of council cutbacks is due to start.", "A total of 179 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated in Keighley and Bradford, West Yorkshire Police has said.", "A truck driver has been charged with illegally transporting immigrants after dozens of people were discovered in the back of his trailer.", "A unique perspective on a landmark social event is to be unveiled as part of Nottingham's Caribbean Carnival.", "A woman with multiple sclerosis has said she was refused a taxi to a meeting of the MS Society because the journey was too short.", "A police sergeant called out to deal with a brawl in a Glasgow pub ended up giving an arresting performance of Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive.", "South Africa fast bowler Hardus Viljoen took five wickets on his Kent debut as they bowled Gloucestershire out for 221 on day one in Bristol.", "Nathan Buck took a career-best 6-34 to help bowl Durham out for 166 and give Northants the upper hand on day one.", "Police have searched the home and garden of a vulnerable woman who has been missing for a month in Inverclyde.", "A charity has criticised a series of adverts which it claims are offensive to people with facial burns.", "French mosques have invited non-Muslims in to try to create greater understanding of Islam in France.", "Early agreement has been reached on North Sea fishing quotas for next year, with an increase in key stocks for Scottish fishermen.", "A couple who were in a light aircraft that crashed in a Northamptonshire field escaped unhurt and were found by ambulance crews in a nearby pub.", "Ireland pair Jonathan Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to resume full training after injury before Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.", "Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and his state secretary, Fred Teeven, have resigned after misleading parliament over a 2001 compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.", "Gavin Swankie's late winner gave Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic a 4-3 win over Cowdenbeath, who sink to the foot of the table.", "A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.", "Visitors have been asked to stay away from a Vale of Glamorgan hospital because of an outbreak of norovirus.", "Gritting lorries and snowploughs have been out and about on Lincolnshire's roads - in preparation for the start of the snow risk season.", "They can walk, they can talk, and may soon be thinking for themselves.", "A former friend of the women who murdered toddler Liam Fee has told the BBC that \"no sentence\" could ever be enough for their crimes.", "A paper manufacturer has applied to build a new plant to generate electricity and steam for its mill in West Norfolk.", "Bulldozers have started to clear part of the makeshift Calais camp known as the \"Jungle\" after about 1,000 residents left the area.", "Police invoked special stop and search powers after three people were stabbed within 10 minutes in a town centre.", "Charter Communications has agreed to buy media giant Time Warner Cable in a deal which values the company at $78.7bn (\u00c2\u00a352bn).", "The Polish foreign ministry has banned a biker gang linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin from entering the country.", "Hashim Amla resigned as South Africa captain immediately after his side drew the second Test against England.", "Australia's economy grew at a better-than-expected 0.9% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to the previous quarter, boosted by mining together with financial and insurance services.", "The sound of the first cuckoo in spring is a familiar one in the British countryside.", "Wales' Jamie Donaldson will take a two-shot lead into the third round of the Nordea Masters after carding a second successive 69 on Friday.", "Campaigners want a dedicated clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Wales.", "A new gin distillery in the Borders - built in a converted cowshed - is to start production early in the new year.", "A 19th Century factory, once a grand beacon of Nottingham's industry, has been largely reduced to ashes and rubble after a fire consumed it for more than a week.", "A US student has been charged with smearing peanut butter in the face of an undergraduate who has a potentially deadly allergy.", "Norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour Finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence.", "The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he only accepted the job after being convinced by his wife.", "A football team stranded on a motorway after a bridge collapsed are hunting for a mystery bride who asked to have her photo taken with them.", "A man has been arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of \"Syria-related terrorism\" offences.", "Three statues honouring the Devonshire, Dorset and combined Devon and Dorset Army regiments are being planned for the National Memorial Arboretum.", "A serial robber who threatened an 18-year-old shop worker with a knife was caught after his streak of grey hair was recognised in CCTV footage.", "Four silver coins dating from the 14th Century that were found on County Down farmland have been declared to be treasure at an inquest in Belfast.", "A 15-year-old girl has died despite being rescued after she was swept into the sea in North Tyneside.", "The boyfriend of a pregnant woman killed in a scooter accident in Thailand is to be charged over her death, police in the country have said.", "A woman who set a \"honey trap\" for a professional gambler who was kicked to death for his winnings has been jailed for 16 years.", "Manchester United's \u00a356m new signings Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw will join the squad to tour the United States later this month.", "The IT systems of three US hospitals have been infected with ransomware, which encrypts vital files and demands money to unlock them.", "BodyPositive is an exciting new BBC campaign.", "Some 120 diners celebrating a baptism at a restaurant in a north-western Spanish town all fled the restaurant at once without paying, the owner said.", "Reported incidents of livestock worrying have risen by 55%, according to police.", "French driver Esteban Ocon will race for Force India in 2017 after agreeing a \"multi-year deal\", with the team.", "The quality of care at an Aberdeen nursing home has been deemed \"unsatisfactory\".", "Fetch, sit and roll over - all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog.", "Three men have been found guilty of killing a rival drug dealer in a gang-related revenge attack.", "Blackburn Rovers midfielder Hope Akpan has had his three-match ban for violent conduct extended to four, following a Football Association charge.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Ben Jefford on an 18-month contract from Welling.", "Adam Voges and Dawid Malan both hit tons as Middlesex dominated Hampshire on day one at Merchant Taylors' School.", "Parents of babies with milk and soya allergies could face charges of up to \u00a3112 per week to feed their children in London, it has been claimed.", "Thousands of people have come forward following a worldwide appeal to find a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a match in the next two months.", "A Bangladeshi toddler born with a third leg attached to her pelvis is returning home after successful surgery in Australia.", "A man is to appear in court over the suspicious death of a 34-year-old in Dundee.", "A man has died in a huge blaze at a sheltered housing complex in Fife.", "Forest Green Rovers goalkeeper Sam Russell has signed a new one-year deal.", "John Horan easily won the vote at Congress on Friday night to become the GAA president-elect.", "Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has played down reports of Rangers renewing their interest in Jamie Walker.", "Michael van Gerwen has won the UK Open title for the first time in his career, beating Peter Wright 11-5 in the final in Minehead.", "Gordon Greer has a double mission this summer - find a new club and one that is good enough to help him retain his place in the Scotland team.", "The longest-serving Lib Dem peer and veteran human rights campaigner, Lord Avebury, has died at the age of 87.", "A CCTV image of two women who may have witnessed a serious assault at a music venue has been released by police.", "A protest has taken place opposing cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.", "Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after suffering discrimination and serious injuries in the line of work, a union said.", "Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson says the club have been hit hard by the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick, who he believes will be successful with England.", "German exports and production fell in November compared with the previous month.", "A Red Cross manager who led the organisation's on-site response to the Shoreham Airshow disaster has been awarded a British Empire Medal.", "The Welsh Liberal Democrats would create 140,000 extra apprentices over the next five years if the party wins power in May's elections.", "Vodafone has warned it could move its headquarters from the UK depending on the outcome of Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union.", "A man has been jailed after he told a stranger that he wanted her to have a baby with her so he could abuse it.", "A police officer has been disciplined over a mistake which led to armed police being sent to the wrong address during a search of a family home in County Down.", "Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic gave the Paris crowd a home victory to cheer as they won the women's doubles title at the French Open.", "Head coach Warren Gatland said Wales' string of injuries were no defence for their 23-19 World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa.", "Bosses at Gatwick Airport have unveiled five \"guarantees\" they hope will convince the Airports Commission to approve a second runway.", "Carlisle United have signed free-agent winger Louis Pedro on a short-term contract that will expire on 21 May.", "League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe from Bury on loan until 5 January.", "A British woman jailed for taking her clothes off on a mountain in Malaysia has left Borneo ahead of returning to the UK later.", "The International Bomber Command Centre has been targeted by thieves for the second time in a matter of weeks.", "The winding-up petition brought against League Two side Northampton Town has been withdrawn following a court hearing on Monday.", "Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have plunged by about 50% in the past two days, surprising market watchers across the region.", "Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined 20,000 rupees (\u00c2\u00a3229; $300) after posting photos online of him and his wife posing in front of endangered Asiatic lions.", "A man who was facing trial for the attempted murder of two boys who were stabbed in a street in Hampshire has been found dead in his prison cell.", "Shows like Transparent mean there are more LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) characters on US TV than ever before, a report has found.", "Voters in Tower Hamlets are going to the polls to vote for a new mayor.", "Former England half-back Rangi Chase says he is \"back in love\" with rugby league after rejoining Castleford following a fight with depression.", "Britain's Martyn Rooney says he would rather receive his Beijing Olympic bronze medal at the Anniversary Games than at the World Championships.", "Researchers have identified a gene that appears to curb coffee consumption.", "Thailand has begun the process of naming Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as the country's new king.", "Sammy Wilson has said he will not be running for the DUP leadership.", "The body of a man has been found at a property in Oxford, police have confirmed.", "A Chinese government-linked company has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting high-performance coatings from the US to a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.", "You wait more than 15 years for a new Ghostbusters film, and then two come along at the same time.", "Rail upgrade works affecting people travelling between south Wales, Bristol Parkway and London Paddington have begun.", "Some 800,000 people have turned out in Barcelona and other towns in Catalonia on a day of rallies by nationalists wishing to break with Spain.", "Photographs showing a festive Prince Harry have been released, to mark his support of a charity helping children affected by HIV and Aids.", "Singapore plans to regulate third-party taxi booking apps such as Uber by capping fees and limiting them to use only licensed vehicles and drivers.", "A police dog stabbed on duty returned to the beat earlier this month after life-saving surgery.", "A woman, believed to be in her 80s, has died following a blaze at a house in the village of Lhanbryde near Elgin in Moray.", "Four men have been charged in a shooting at outside a Minneapolis police station that left five protesters wounded.", "The prime minister of the southern African kingdom of Lesotho has fled to South Africa, alleging a coup by the army and saying his life is in danger.", "A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been a victim of \"political harassment\" after a break-in at his constituency office in Cardiff.", "Campaigners are holding a protest walk against plans to build pylons across the Lake District National Park.", "Baltimore has lifted an overnight curfew imposed after riots sparked by the death of a black man in custody.", "Defender Paul Quinn has rejoined Ross County on an 18-month contract after agreeing his release from Aberdeen.", "Alviro Petersen made his second County Championship century of the summer to spearhead a solid day's batting by Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's.", "The US stock market closed on Tuesday about where it began, recovering after a flash of panic prompted by the release of emails from Donald Trump Jr.", "After being elected the new president of the IAAF, Lord Coe said taking the role was \"probably the second biggest and most momentous occasion in my life\" after the birth of his children.", "York City have signed midfielder Clovis Kamdjo on a two-year contract following his release by National League rivals Forest Green Rovers in May.", "Carmaker Vauxhall is trying to contact hundreds of thousands of British drivers, over worries their Zafira models could catch fire.", "Star Wars fans are being given the opportunity to become Jedi Knights and learn how to wield lightsabers in combat.", "A man has died in a crash involving two cars on one of Dorset's busiest routes.", "Oil firm Royal Dutch Shell has won approval from the US Department of Interior to explore for oil in the Arctic.", "A 26-year-old lawyer has pleaded guilty to murdering a young teacher whose body was found at a hotel on Christmas Eve.", "Turkey has blocked direct access to the Tor anonymous browsing network as part of a wider crackdown on the ways people circumvent internet censorship.", "Winger Carlos de Pena has left Middlesbrough after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.", "Palmyra, one of the archaeological jewels of the Middle East, is said to be under threat from Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.", "Contractors were left red-faced after incorrectly painting the word \"rihgt\" on a road off a supermarket car park.", "Ex-Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes new manager Rafael Benitez will be allowed greater control at the club.", "A Victorian university building in Aberystwyth could be transformed into a postgraduate centre under plans for a new \"cultural quarter\".", "Nottinghamshire piled up 446 on the opening day of the 2016 season as Steven Mullaney punished newly-promoted Surrey with an impressive hundred.", "Awareness rides are taking place to try and cut the number of people on horseback injured or killed on roads.", "A book about the death of a British officer in Afghanistan, once pulped by the Ministry of Defence, has won the Orwell Prize for political writing.", "Wetwang, Cockermouth and Bell End were just some of the place names deemed too rude to be shown at a Women's Institute (WI) event.", "Ireland flanker CJ Stander says scrum-half Conor Murray will not need special protection in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Murrayfield.", "Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge in South Africa to run 27 marathons in 27 days for Sport Relief.", "Norwich boss Alex Neil was pleased with his side's \"control\" during their 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Tuesday.", "Hugh Grant has been cast in Guy Ritchie's big-screen adaptation of the 1960s TV show, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Nigeria has slipped into recession, with the latest growth figures showing the economy contracted 2.06% between April and June.", "Wall Street posted solid gains, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reaching record highs.", "A commemorative \u00a35 coin is being produced to honour the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.", "One of the reasons the Great Exhibition of the North was awarded to Newcastle and Gateshead was because of the \"ambition\" of  organisers.", "A woman has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of her three-year-old son at their Dublin home earlier this week.", "Two men have appeared in court and been charged with murder following the death of a man who suffered serious head injuries at a banqueting venue.", "Barratt Homes has confirmed it is pressing ahead with plans to build 400 new homes in the east of Scotland.", "Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio.", "Members of the public are being asked to help create a record of ritual markings on buildings that were once believed to ward off evil spirits.", "Residents and commuters took to social media after the chimney at Didcot power station apparently vanished, leading to fears it had accidently collapsed.", "A new hovercraft route between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth could be introduced in the summer, operator Hovertravel has said.", "Almost 150,000 cruise ship passengers are scheduled to visit the Bailiwick of Guernsey during 2013.", "Northern Ireland needs a major new tourist attraction outside Belfast, according to the chief executive of Titanic Belfast.", "A paranoid schizophrenic who killed a former neighbour and went missing from his secure unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.", "The chief constable of Northumbria Police will retire after 30 years of service, it has been announced.", "Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff is expected to be out for 12 weeks after having knee surgery.", "Austria winger Martin Harnik will miss Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Wales in Vienna because of a calf injury.", "Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says he wants to guide the Championship side into Europe next season as EFL Cup holders.", "A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after having issues with its nose wheels.", "A sculpture park near Wakefield has reported a 170% rise in visitors since poppies from the Tower of London went on show in September.", "Families of people allegedly killed by an Army undercover unit have been told former members of the unit who appeared on TV admitted no crimes.", "Youths gathering in an Anglesey town centre face being ordered to move, after police imposed an anti-social dispersal order in the area.", "A champion boxer who forced his way into his ex-girlfriend's flat and grabbed her around the throat has been jailed.", "A US citizen held for more than a year in North Korea has been moved back to a labour camp, US officials say.", "Three of the best known piers in England and Wales have been put on the market for a collective price of \u00a312.6m.", "South Africa head coach Russell Domingo will have to reapply for his job if he wants to stay in charge of the team after their summer tour of England.", "Singer Lil' Chris's death was caused by hanging, an inquest has heard.", "A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car police were pursuing has been described by his family \"as a respected and dedicated academic\".", "Rory McIlroy hopes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai despite suffering with food poisoning.", "Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Warwickshire in all formats of the game to focus on batting.", "French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue for libel after a senior police officer said she was harassed to change her report on the Nice terror attack.", "Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said he was mystified by his lack of pace in the Russian Grand Prix.", "Hundreds of green-fanged tube web spiders have taken over the back garden of a family home in Cardiff.", "Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland made a 2016 pre-tax profit of \u00a358m on a turnover of \u00a3176m.", "A murder inquiry has been launched in Nottingham after the death of a man.", "Two-thirds of older and disabled people in England who turn to their local councils for help with care are turned away, figures show.", "A Bolivian aviation official says she was pressured by her bosses into changing a flight report she made for the plane that crashed last week with Brazilian team Chapocoense on board.", "The trial of a group of cult members in China who beat a woman to death at a McDonald's restaurant has opened in the city of Yantai in Shandong province.", "A vigil has taken place in Cardiff Bay for French citizens and others following terror acts in Paris which left 17 people dead in three days.", "Chesterfield director of football Chris Turner has left the struggling League One club.", "More than \u00a33.8m has been spent in the last three years by civil servants using Welsh government-issued credit cards, prompting calls to reveal what the money has been spent on.", "Plans for a film studio on the outskirts of Edinburgh have been submitted to Midlothian Council.", "Tougher dog control measures could soon be implemented in Oxford.", "Stafford Shire Hall is to become an outpost of the University of Wolverhampton.", "Greenland profile", "A man has died following a two-vehicle collision on the A1 carriageway at Banbridge on Tuesday.", "Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington DC on Friday, the White House has said.", "Public transport in London is the world's most expensive, a report says.", "Gillingham are looking to add \"two or three\" more players to their squad, according to manager Ady Pennock.", "Steam, the digital gaming platform, has started offering Hollywood film rentals to users after signing a deal with production studio Lionsgate.", "Mexico officials say they have arrested six key people who allegedly helped fugitive drug cartel leader Joaquin Guzman escape from jail in July.", "A new \u00a348.5m school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open in October as planned, Highland Council has said.", "A key government policy to force all pupils to sit GCSEs in core academic subjects could be difficult for some students, the head of Ofsted has said.", "The Royal Navy has released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base.", "A missing man last spotted on CCTV footage taken at an Edinburgh train station has now been seen in central London.", "Scientists and fishermen are teaming up to try to find evidence of one of the world's rarest sharks off the Welsh coast.", "Lava from a volcano in Hawaii that has been erupting for two months, has been moving towards the coast.", "Irish state broadcaster RT\u00c9 is trying to get an injunction granted to Ireland's richest man discharged.", "Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from riding after concerns about his biological passport data resurfaced.", "A US freelance photographer who has been held in Syria for almost four years has been released, the State Department said.", "A white Chicago police officer has denied murder over the death of a black teenager who was shot 16 times in 2014.", "Newport midfielder Mark Byrne was a transfer target for Gillingham before a U-turn from manager Justin Edinburgh.", "It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new \u00a35 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.", "A 62-year-old Australian man, who says he survived without water by eating ants while lost in the Outback for six days, has spoken of his ordeal.", "Tottenham showed a \"lack of desire\" to win the Premier League with their first-half display in the 2-0 loss at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.", "Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been interviewed under caution by police following an allegation he racially abused an airline staff member at Heathrow on Monday night.", "The president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia is said to have fled the capital Sukhumi after opposition protesters seized his office.", "India's railway ministry is receiving praise on social media after it acted on a tweet from a train and provided milk to a hungry baby.", "Kasabian's latest music video has been called \"damaging\" by a mental health organisation.", "An attempt to trigger a referendum on Cardiff having an elected mayor is going to fail, a campaigner has admitted.", "The government will be lobbied by a Hampshire council over its plans to sell off an additional 56 defence sites by 2040.", "A suspected illicit cigarette-processing factory in Birmingham, thought to be capable of producing 35 million a month, has been shut down.", "Surrey Police needs to improve how it investigates crime and tackles serious and organised crime, a government inspector has said.", "The BBC has confirmed the \"global\" version of its iPlayer on-demand service will close next month.", "A cemetery's unique Victorian reception house which stored coffins to stop poor people keeping bodies in their homes, has been given protected status.", "Hundreds of cartoonists from around the world have taken part in a competition in Iran attacking Donald Trump.", "West Brom reached round three of the League Cup courtesy of a penalty shootout after being held to a goalless draw by League One side Port Vale.", "League One Rochdale have signed midfielder Keith Keane on loan from Cambridge United until January.", "A woman has been left uninjured but very upset after two men forced their way into her home and stole valuables believed to be worth thousands.", "Politicians, religious and civic leaders give their reaction to the bin lorry crash that killed six people in central Glasgow.", "England suffered a heavy 64-17 defeat by New Zealand in the final of the World Under-20 Championship in Tbilisi.", "A lorry fire has closed a southbound section of the M1 in Northamptonshire.", "Funding of up to \u00a3200m has helped create new jobs at a Highlands engineering company.", "An 82-year-old woman found murdered in her Fife home was the victim of a \"brutal and horrendous attack\", police have said.", "More international help has been arriving in Chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history.", "The US has \"strongly condemned\" Israel for approving plans for new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank.", "A Muslim couple arrested over fears that they were heading to Syria for \"extremist activities\" have won a court fight for the care of their children.", "A monument to the women chainmakers of Cradley Heath in the Black Country has been unveiled.", "Nearly 700 recruits have returned to Kenya after quitting militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.", "A 20-year-old woman has died in a crash in Richhill, County Armagh.", "Midwives in Northern Ireland staged a four-hour strike from 08:00 BST and 12:00 BST on Thursday in a pay dispute.", "Two schoolboys aged 12 and 13 have been arrested after concerns were raised about children sharing inappropriate images on social media.", "A man has been charged with murder after a former non-league footballer was stabbed to death.", "A South Korean soldier who shot dead five of his colleagues and injured seven others has been sentenced to death by a military court.", "The leader of South Africa's opposition, the Democratic Alliance, has said she will not stand for re-election at the party's congress next month.", "British middleweight champion Chris Eubank Jr has offered to give his title belt to retired opponent Nick Blackwell as a \"goodwill gesture\".", "Police in a small Alaska town mistakenly told a couple their son had been killed in a car crash, leading to an extraordinary reunion hours later.", "Swindon Town have re-signed midfielder Ben Gladwin on a 28-day emergency loan deal from Queens Park Rangers.", "Police are treating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry, as suspicious and have made an arrest.", "The family of murdered Sinn F\u00e9in official Denis Donaldson have said they do not believe the Provisional IRA killed him, or that his shooting was authorised by Gerry Adams.", "A plaque has been unveiled in memory of an Army medical officer who treated prisoners at a German concentration camp in 1945 following its liberation.", "The PSNI have found a \"viable\" pipe bomb in Dungiven, County Londonderry.", "Parents have been warned about an intruder at a Ceredigion nursery, according to a letter seen by BBC Wales.", "Home improvements retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a controlling stake in B&Q China to Wumei Holdings.", "Former Premier League striker Leon McKenzie is to fight for a national boxing title.", "RSPB Scotland has urged people to discard unwanted plastic bags carefully after a rare bird was photographed with one caught in its beak.", "Police have launched an investigation after the body of man was found in an alleyway in Rochdale.", "All but one council area of Nottinghamshire, including Nottingham city, has voted to leave the EU.", "Anthony Joshua has the \"brutish strength\" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to Audley Harrison.", "A full DNA profile has been developed of a man whose near-complete skeleton was found close to a motorway.", "Peter Houston has targeted a Scottish Championship play-off place after being unveiled as the new manager of Falkirk.", "A man died despite a rescue attempt at Penzance Harbour.", "Ryan Johnston's half-time introduction help Kilcoo edge out 13-man Scotstown 1-8 to 0-9 in the Ulster Club Football preliminary round game at Clones.", "Welsh athlete Helen Jenkins is determined to join Non Stanford and Vicky Holland in the GB triathlon team at the Rio Olympics.", "As Irish PM Enda Kenny quits as Fine Gael leader, eyes are focusing on who might succeed him.", "The second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has again been adjourned, a coroner has confirmed.", "The company that conducts most of America's rocket launches has released details of its next generation vehicle.", "American rapper A$AP Yams died of an accidental drug overdose, according to New York City's chief medical examiner.", "Doncaster Rovers boss Dean Saunders says the club are continuing to investigate claims that forward El-Hadji Diouf breached club discipline.", "Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will partner rookies in Saturday's foursomes as Europe begins day two of the Ryder Cup 5-3 behind the United States.", "Rents for premium office space in Belfast city centre have risen by 19%, but experts say still not enough to generate a boom in developments.", "The pilot of a police helicopter has called for a ban on lasers after a beam of light was shone at his aircraft as it flew over Northamptonshire.", "Scientists at Oxford University have developed a machine that can lip-read better than humans.", "Theresa May's intention at this summit was to reassure other countries that life after the EU might be tricky to work out, but in the end, all will be just fine.", "Pakistan coach Waqar Younis has dismissed suspicions over his side's performance in the third one-day international against England.", "YouTube is to scrap \"unskippable\" 30-second advertisements on the video-streaming service, from 2018.", "Defenders James Chester, Paul Dummett and Adam Matthews have been included in the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 12 June.", "Judgement has been reserved at the end of the 'gay cake' case in Northern Ireland.", "A man accused of forced labour charges told a Cardiff Crown Court he treated the alleged victim, \"like a member of the family\".", "A 21-year-old woman has died following a crash involving two cars in south Belfast.", "A hall of fame celebrating rugby union's past has been officially opened at the sport's birthplace.", "The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has appointed the first female college commander in its history.", "An armed raid at a jewellers could be linked to one at another branch three months ago, police have said.", "Sam Robson and Paul Stirling scored centuries as reigning champions Middlesex dominated the opening day against Yorkshire at Lord's.", "Police are searching for two teenage boys after one of them shone a laser into a woman's eye in Clydebank, leaving her blind in one eye.", "A psychiatrist told a murder trial the death of a nine-year-old Lincoln boy was one of the most \"callous killings\" he had ever seen.", "Reading winger Jobi McAnuff says he hopes to end his playing career at the Championship club.", "Plans have been submitted to Highland Council for the new Inverness Justice Centre.", "Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the \"jury is still out\" on manager Russell Slade.", "High Street retailer Next has been hit with a \u00a322.4m tax bill after a court found it diverted profits made in the UK offshore to avoid paying tax.", "Elusive artist Banksy has landed a South Bank Sky Arts Award nomination for his Dismaland theme park.", "A Paralympian has said an MRI scan showing no sign of a tumour that had threatened to crush his spinal cord was better than winning a gold medal.", "English rider Guy Martin will not compete in the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod for the third year in a row.", "The price of carbon hit a record low in Europe on Monday as the over-supply of emissions permits during the global economic downturn continued to undermine the carbon market.", "Ghana has demanded a $500,000 (\u00a3350,000) refund after its transport ministry spent $1m to paint more than 100 buses with portraits of the country's recent leaders.", "Four people have been arrested in the Paris region and southern France, officials say, on suspicion of recruiting militants to fight in Syria.", "Tributes have been paid to a forensic archaeologist who led the searches for the Disappeared - people murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.", "The first application to explore for shale gas in the East Midlands has been submitted to a Nottinghamshire council.", "Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a publicity photo showed her with the Arabic word for \"Allah\" tattooed on her upper body.", "A turtle, thought to be from the Gulf of Mexico, that washed up on a Cumbrian beach has died.", "Dual-code international Joel Tomkins has returned to rugby league side Wigan Warriors after a three-year spell in rugby union with Saracens.", "Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith has signed a new deal to stay with the Championship side until 2022.", "Barrow want to retain Andy Cook but expect the striker to explore opportunities in the Football League, says manager Paul Cox.", "A giant panda in Hong Kong called Ying Ying is pregnant and due to give birth within a week, officials at an amusement park say.", "Two more people have died of injuries sustained in Friday's Bucharest nightclub fire, doctors say, raising the death toll in the disaster to 29.", "A woman has admitted killing her partner who was fatally stabbed after returning home from a day at the races.", "A girl left disabled after being starved of oxygen at birth has been awarded a multimillion-pound compensation package.", "Social services staff have been criticised after a boy spent two years living with a relative who was a convicted paedophile.", "Facebook \"tramples\" on European privacy law by tracking people without consent, Belgium's privacy watchdog has said.", "Downton Abbey will be coming back for a sixth series in 2015, ITV has confirmed.", "Prime Minister Theresa May has laughed off questions about whether Chancellor Philip Hammond would still be in place after the general election.", "Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's music business-based drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after one season.", "Childline received a call from children experiencing suicidal thoughts in Northern Ireland almost every day over the course of last year.", "Plans for a new \u00a33m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by the town's council.", "Olympic great Michael Phelps swam a third 2015 world-best time in as many days in the 200m individual medley at the USA National Championships.", "A man has been arrested after two men died when a car and lorry crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.", "Fans were locked out of Baltimore Orioles' game against Chicago White Sox following violent protests in the city.", "Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a four-vehicle crash on the A465 in Monmouthshire.", "Administrators have confirmed the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in Inverclyde to businessman Jim McColl's firm, Clyde Blowers Capital.", "An associate of convicted hate preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 28 months for knocking a boy unconscious because he was cuddling a girl.", "Prisons are struggling to cope with the increasing number of elderly, sick and disabled people behind bars, a Prison Reform Trust report says.", "A 34-year-old man has been charged after windows were smashed and a doctor was verbally abused at a west Belfast health centre.", "A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck Aceh province in Indonesia on Wednesday, killing at least 97 people.", "Armagh moved to within a point of top spot with a 3-15 to 0-11 victory over Louth side in Drogheda.", "A Parisian woman is taking the French state to court for failing to protect her health from the effects of air pollution.", "New Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron says he \"absolutely supports equality\" amid questions over his Christian faith and politics.", "The High Court in Dublin is to resume a case in which a privacy campaigner is trying to block Facebook from sending EU citizens' personal data to the US.", "Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.", "A number of emergency call outs to properties being fumigated with pest control \"smoke bombs\" has prompted a warning from Dorset Fire Service.", "Tens of thousands of trees have been brought down by storms that wreaked havoc across northern and western Poland, the forestry service says.", "Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at Station Park.", "One of four men wrongly accused of murdering a British soldier has said he is \"devastated, but not surprised\" to learn that interview notes relating to the case have gone missing.", "Record-breaking Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka has returned safely to Earth after spending 879 days in orbit.", "Romania's women won gold in the women's team epee to secure their country's first medal at Rio 2016.", "Diesel car owners could get some help from the government if cities adopt new charges to tackle pollution, the prime minister has suggested.", "Dundee manager Neil McCann wants to improve the club's scouting network after a difficult summer of trying to bring in players.", "Former Wales and British and Irish Lion John Faull has died aged 83.", "Tiger Woods admits he has concerns over the physical challenge of stepping up his return from long-term injury.", "A grandmother has described how the victim of a paramilitary-style shooting in west Belfast knocked on her door asking for help after the attack.", "A man alleged to have helped run the notorious Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.", "A hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near Chichester in West Sussex.", "Zambia coach Beston Chambeshi says his team is highly motivated for Wednesday's Fifa Under-20 World Cup tie against Germany.", "Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have held surprise talks on a \"strategic partnership treaty\".", "Police have cleared hundreds of Roma people from a slum-like camp built on a disused rail line in north Paris.", "A Hampshire pier and ferry service facing an uncertain future is a \"national treasure\" which should be saved, television historian Dan Snow has said.", "The family of a young musician killed in a car crash is aiming to fulfil his lifelong ambition to buy land and create an outdoor centre for children.", "A childhood friend of Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is developing a hospital garden in his honour.", "A video of leading Philippines presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte joking about a murdered Australian rape victim has provoked a storm of protest.", "Hundreds of photos of Bristol taken for a competition to show \"24 Hours in Our City\" are on show.", "Sales and profits slipped at Boeing last year, driven largely by lower deliveries of its military aircraft.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells retained his European men's lightweight pair title as he and San Scrimgeour took gold for Britain in Brandenburg.", "India's 19-Test unbeaten run was emphatically ended as Australia beat them by 333 runs in the first of a four-match series.", "Pilgrims Bay produced a late surge to win the BetBright Chase at Kempton Park.", "A study of Irish Traveller genetics has suggested that they split socially from the settled population much earlier than thought.", "The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been reopened after a landslide led to travel on the road being restricted to between 07:00 and 19:00.", "A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and woman at a Dundee flat.", "Gordon Benson claimed Great Britain's first European Games gold medal with victory in the men's triathlon in Baku, Azerbaijan.", "A further \u00a327m for the refurbishment of the Burrell Collection has been approved by Glasgow City Council.", "The restoration of natural bends to a river in Cumbria after 200 years has spawned benefits for breeding fish.", "France has charged Yemenia Airways with manslaughter over a 2009 crash off the Comoros Islands that killed 152 people, judicial sources say.", "Five-time world player of the year Marta Vieira da Silva has joined Orlando Pride in America's National Women's Soccer League.", "Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Laurent Frayssinous.", "Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin babies, Gabriella and Jacques, the palace has announced.", "Northern Ireland's Amy Foster safely progressed to the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games but Jason Smyth and Leon Reid bowed out of the men's sprint event.", "Three people were arrested amid violent scenes as groups demonstrating against immigration clashed with anti-racism protesters in Dover.", "Nigel Farage should take a break \"as leader\" of UKIP but not a break from being leader, the party's only MP says.", "The Wedgwood Museum collection has been bought from administrators after \u00a315.75m was raised to save it.", "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the main players in the Arab world.", "The number of children and young people needing counselling about online bullying has increased by 88% over five years, according to a helpline.", "Police are hunting for a man who raped a 14-year-old girl from Hertfordshire while holding her prisoner for nearly 12 hours overnight.", "Residents in a County Fermanagh village have expressed anger at the \"heartless act\" of a driver who killed five cygnets.", "A community group has agreed a deal to take over a former Powys pub following concerns it was going to be turned into a well-known supermarket.", "Syphilis and gonorrhoea sexually transmitted infections are continuing to rise in England, new figures show.", "Britain's Chris Froome remains third in the Vuelta a Espana after a late crash caused chaos on Wednesday's stage five.", "The national air traffic service (Nats) has said a \"massive\" programme of modernisation is needed to keep up with demand for air travel.", "Hewlett-Packard says it will cut another 25,000-30,000 jobs, or 10% of its workforce, as it plans to split the company in two.", "The length of time ambulance crews spend waiting to hand over patients at hospital accident and emergency units in Yorkshire has doubled in a year.", "Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.", "British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 73.", "A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.", "The British and German economies are the \"beating heart\" of Europe, George Osborne has said as he heads to Berlin for talks on reforming the EU.", "A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory.", "The Indian state of Tamil Nadu is to hire the country's first transgender police officer after a court cleared hurdles that faced one applicant."]}