{"document": ["Officers searched properties the Waterfront Park and Colonsay View areas the city Wednesday . Detectives said three firearms , ammunition and a five-figure sum money were recovered . A 26-year-old man who was arrested and charged appeared Edinburgh Sheriff Court Thursday .", "Jordan Hill , Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper , all 18 , and Tanishia Covington , 24 , appeared a Chicago court Friday . The four have been charged hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery , other things . An online fundraiser their victim has collected $ 51,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 42,500 ) so far . Denying the four suspects bail , Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil asked : \" Where was your sense decency ? \" Prosecutors told the court the beating started a van and continued a house , where the suspects allegedly forced the 18-year-old white victim , who suffers schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder , to drink toilet water and kiss the floor . Police allege the van was earlier stolen Mr Hill , who is also accused demanding $ 300 the victim 's mother they held him captive , according the Chicago Tribune . The court was also told the suspects stuffed a sock his mouth , taped his mouth shut and bound his hands a belt . a video made Facebook Live which was watched millions times , the assailants can be heard making derogatory statements white people and Donald Trump . The victim had been dropped a McDonalds to meet Mr Hill - who was one his friends - 31 December . He was found a police officer Tuesday , 3 January , a day he was reported missing his parents . Prosecutors say the suspects each face two hate crimes counts , one the victim 's race and the other his disabilities .", "The 48-year-old former Arsenal goalkeeper played the Royals four years . He was appointed youth academy director 2000 and has been director football 2003 . A West Brom statement said : \" He played a key role the Championship club twice winning promotion the Premier League 2006 and 2012 . \"", "Relieved the giant telecoms company would not be broken , they piled the shares , sending them up 3 % early trading . BT dodged a bullet - and , the chief executive Ofcom , Sharon White , admitted , it was prosaic reasons . She said complications land deals and BT 's giant pension scheme meant there were \" practical obstacles \" a break-up that would delay the process several years . It 's the pension scheme that probably most influenced Ofcom 's thinking . BT 's retirement scheme , inherited its time a state-owned utility , has assets \u00c2 \u00a3 40bn and a deficit , some measures , \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn , even BT has poured billions pounds recent years to redress the gap . Senior sources the company say about 80 % the scheme relates Openreach , the internet infrastructure provider BT 's rivals would like to see spun . Separating the pension part a break-up would be a costly headache - and there is the small matter a government guarantee part the scheme , something that BT fought the courts to preserve and won . Creating two new pension schemes , the risk weakening the financial resources one or the other , might be too hot a political potato , even the pursuit faster broadband . BT 's share price reaction might turn to be overdone . Ms White plans to enforce the separation introducing not only a new board to run Openreach , but also new articles association that will give directors a duty to serve customers the network as much the company 's owners . This holds an obvious prospect conflicts to come , and runs counter the normal assumption private companies , the shareholder is king . It also carries an echo the \" golden shares \" held the government Rolls-Royce and BAE Systems , two companies judged important the defence the realm . each case , the golden share is actually enshrined specific articles association that give directors and the government powers those normally enjoyed company boards . BT 's chief executive , Gavin Patterson , said he thought he could reach a compromise Ofcom , but admitted they would need to see the detail the new articles . they prove too much odds BT 's own desire to control Openreach - which it will still own - get ready a court battle and perhaps , eventually , a full break-up .", "\" I 'm really looking forward it - the home Scottish football ,\" said Rodgers ahead his maiden visit . \" I hear the pitch is good , a nice big pitch suits the speed our team and our intensity . \" The technical area goes right out the end the pitch , but you might need a taxi to get back your staff . \" This will be Rodgers' second taste the Old Firm derby and his experience the fixture got a great start a 5-1 league victory Celtic Park last month . \" It was a brilliant performance the players every aspect ,\" he recalled . \" Obviously this one is a neutral ground , but we 'll be looking to have a similar performance . \" We 'll be prepared and focused . We know it 's going to be a tough game . We anticipated the last time . \" Rodgers is also aware Celtic 's visit Hampden last season the Scottish Cup semi-final Rangers ended defeat . \" The last experience there was n't so good Celtic ,\" he said . \" But it 's a different team a different mentality and we 'll look to take that mentality the game . \" Rodgers lost two semi-finals his time Liverpool and is aiming to make it third time lucky the club he joined the summer . \" You have to perform - that 's what 's important and you get little bit luck the way then hopefully you 'll get the result that you want. \" said the Northern Irishman . \" So , us , it 's really looking our performance level , which the main has been a really high level . \" My focus is always my own team and , we impose our style play , it can give a lot problems opponents . \" predecessor Ronny Deila , Rodgers would not be drawn this semi-final being a step the way a potential domestic treble . \" It 's very , very difficult to achieve ,\" he said . \" There 's been great managers here the past that have n't achieved that . \" But it 's the first competition where we 've a chance to win a trophy and I 've always said it 's a priority us it 's the first one . \" Our idea was to qualify the Champions League , which we did , to make a good start the league , which we 've done , and then look to get the League Cup final . \" you can do that then you do n't have the chance to win the trophies . \"", "The move is response an \u00a3 8m cut the subsidy received the Department Employment and Learning ( DEL ) . The cut undergraduate places will come effect September 2015 . Job losses will be both academic and non-academic staff and Queen 's says no compulsory redundancies should be required . There are currently around 17,000 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students the university , and around 3,800 staff . Queen 's has a current intake around 4,500 undergraduates year . The university aims to reduce the number student places 1,010 the next three years . The BBC understands there are no immediate plans to close departments or courses , but the cuts funding may put some departments and courses risk . The Education Minister Stephen Farry said he recognised some students might now choose to study other areas the UK the cuts facing Northern Ireland 's universities . \" Some people will now be forced to look opportunities other parts Great Britain and may not return our economy ,\" he said . \" Defunding our investment skills , particularly a time when we 're trying to grow the economy does not make a lot sense . What 's happening is we 're going backwards . \" The loss any place is damaging our economy , all subjects teach our young people critical skills . \" Queen 's vice-chancellor Patrick Johnston said the cuts had the potential to damage the reputation the university . \" The potential negative impact , not just the university but the local economy is very significant ,\" he said . \" It 's the last thing we want to do , but we have to begin to focus those areas where we can grow the organisation and develop it - it 's clear we can no longer depend the public purse to fund tuition . \" we 're not competitive we will not attract the best students , and we will not attract the best staff . \" Just \u00a3 100m , a third the university 's income , comes the Northern Ireland Executive . DEL 's budget was reduced \u00a3 62m earlier this year , and its budget higher education institutions fell \u00a3 203m \u00a3 186m , a reduction 8.2 % . Ulster University announced February it was dropping 53 courses . It will be cutting jobs and student places , but it has not yet revealed how many .", "The leaflets said the patient had been referred an urgent appointment their symptoms might indicate cancer . East Sussex NHS Trust has put the mix-up an external company that distributes its printed material . It said the wrong patient information leaflets were added hospital appointment letters sent March . It has now contacted everyone affected to apologise and explain what went wrong . Liz Fellows , assistant director operations the trust , said : \" It was an administrative error and we apologise any unnecessary anxiety this error may have caused . \" East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust covers Hastings , Eastbourne and Rother , and is responsible the Conquest Hospital and Eastbourne District Hospital . The trust said the large number appointment letters it sends it uses an external printing company to print and distribute appointment letters . It said each letter is coded to indicate any supplementary information that needs to accompany it . Ms Fellows said : \" Unfortunately , a short period March , the printing company inadvertently miscoded approximately 850 letters resulting a ' two-week information leaflet ' being inserted an appointment letter . \" As soon the error became apparent it was stopped immediately , and letters apology sent . \"", "The National League sold the Republic Ireland midfielder the Cherries \u00a3 175,000 2012 and had a 15 % sell-on clause included the deal . O'Kane moved an undisclosed fee , but Nicholson says any money will go to help the cash-strapped club . \" I do n't think I 'll be getting anything ,\" Nicholson told BBC Devon . \" There 's more important things . \" The Gulls are still looking new owners having been taken a consortium local business people last summer . They were forced to close the club 's academy and drastically reduce the playing budget millionaire former owner Thea Bristow left the club .", "Iwan Wyn Lewis Penygroes , Gwynedd , had been sectioned Ysbyty Gwynedd allegedly assaulting his mother . The 36-year-old was visited an officer April 2016 his bail arrangements , which a doctor said could have added his distress . His body was found the Menai Strait 2 May . Mr Lewis was receiving treatment the hospital 's Hergest unit and was later moved the Cynan ward where he received the visit the officer . Speaking the inquest Caernarfon Thursday , consultant psychiatrist Dr Olufemi Adebajo said he was \" extremely unhappy \" the visit . \" I do n't think the police should be able to come the ward special permission ,\" he said . Asked coroner Nicola Jones the conversation the officer could have added Mr Lewis' agitation and distress , Dr Adebajo said : \" It 's quite possible - even likely \" . He said he had known Mr Lewis more two years and never considered him to be a suicide risk . The day his death , he had asked staff extra medication he said he was feeling agitated , but they did not change his dosage they could see no sign agitation . the evening 2 May , Mr Lewis told staff he was going the shop , but 45 minutes later his body was found the Menai Strait . The inquest continues .", "The 33-year-old has featured only twice the Foxes this term , having signed a new one-year deal the Premier League newcomers the summer . Former Blackpool forward Taylor-Fletcher scored three goals 23 games his parent club last season . He joined the 13th-placed Owls prior Saturday 's Championship game Norwich City .", "The ska group tweeted the news : \" It is deep regret we say goodbye our great friend , the world 's greatest drummer , our beloved Brad . RIP . \" Bradbury joined The Specials 1979 , and continued the reversioned band The Special AKA , who had a top 10 hit Free Nelson Mandela . Bradbury took part The Specials reunion tour 2009 . He also headed a band called JB Allstars . The band 's representatives said the drummer died England but no cause death was given . a statement , his family said : \" It is deepest regret we have to announce the very sad news our much loved husband and father John ' Brad ' Bradbury passed away Monday the 28 December . \" Brad 's drumming was the powerhouse The Specials and it was seen a key part the Two Tone sound . He was much respected the world drumming and his style reggae and ska was seen genuinely ground-breaking when The Specials first hit the charts 1979 . \" He was an integral part The Specials reforming 2008 and toured them extensively the present day . His contribution the world music can not be understated and he will much missed family , friends and fans alike . \" It is the family 's sincerest wish they are allowed the time to remember him privately . \" The news comes three months the band 's trombonist , Rico Rodriguez , died . The band , famed their 1960s mod-style outfits , had seven UK top 10 singles including Too Much Too Young and Ghost Town . Founder and songwriter Jerry Dammers dissolved the band 1981 but they re-grouped and continue to perform and record their former leading man . Billy Bragg was one the first musicans to pay tribute Bradbury. : \" A bad day good music . First we lose Lemmy , now news that Brad the Specials has passed away . RIP . \" Bradbury was born and brought Coventry where the band was formed 1977 . Music producer Pete Waterman , also Coventry , expressed his shock the news the Bradbury 's death . Speaking BBC Coventry and Warwickshire , Waterman said : \" I always had a good laugh Brad . He was always proud being the band and what we 'd and he 'd achieved . \" He never left Coventry he always wanted to be part the scene ... he was tremendous . \"", "The 14-time major champion , playing his first full PGA Tour event almost 18 months , carded a level-par second round 72 , but missed the cut four shots his first-round 76 . World number one Jason Day and US Open champion Dustin Johnson also missed the cut Torrey Pines San Diego . Overnight leader Rose carded a one-under 71 to put him eight under . Canada 's Adam Hadwin and USA 's Brandt Snedeker are tied second seven under , US PGA champion Jimmy Walker missed the cut he finished three . Woods is playing just his second tournament 15 months a back injury . \" It 's frustrating not being able to have a chance to win the tournament ,\" said the 41-year-old , who won his last major , the US Open , the same course 2008 . \" Overall today was a lot better yesterday . I hit it better , I putted well again . I hit a lot beautiful putts that did n't go in , but I hit it much better today , which was nice . \" Scotland 's Martin Laird and England 's Paul Casey are both two under , Ireland 's Shane Lowry is level par .", "Media playback is not supported this device \" I push it , I could go backwards or end back medication ,\" he said . \" There is also a chance rejection . \" The former Manchester United , Newcastle and Blackburn forward suffered kidney failure 2015 contracting an airborne virus . He has just returned his role a United ambassador following surgery . The 45-year-old is not even allowed to fly Barcelona a Manchester United legends game 30 June . Cole said : \" It is a long road ahead . It is a tough road and different the battles I have had before . \" It is not getting a football injury , when you go the gym and work a bit harder . \" His 28-year-old nephew Alexander provided the donor kidney - \" a noble job \" Cole described it . Cole has improved physically and has lost most the weight he gained his illness . And there is still more work to do , Cole , who will be United 's assistant manager the return legends game Barcelona Old Trafford 2 September , is looking forward playing a similar match is staged 2018 . He said : \" I still get very tired but I can do a lot more I was able to two years ago . this game is played next year I want to be out there . \" Earlier this week , another former Newcastle and England striker , Alan Shearer , told the BBC he felt English clubs were a long way being able to challenge the Champions League . Cole agrees , saying : \" what I have seen Europe , I am not sure any the English teams will win it . They are miles apart . \" you look Real Madrid , Barcelona or Bayern Munich , a lot the players people are talking Premier League clubs paying \u00a3 50m or \u00a3 60m ca n't get their teams . \" That tells you where they are . \"", "Pakistan 's telecoms regulator said the ban was no longer necessary Google , which owns YouTube , had now launched a Pakistan-specific version . YouTube has denied claims the authorities can filter content . Many young Pakistanis have welcomed the lifting the ban but some activists want details the deal Google . They say there should be greater transparency the terms agreed Google and the government . A Pakistan Telecommunication Authority ( PTA ) official confirmed the BBC all internet service providers had been directed to open access YouTube . The Pakistan Telecommunication Company Ltd posted its Facebook page Monday : \" Welcome Back YouTube \" . Pakistan 's ministry information technology said : \" Google has provided an online web process which requests blocking access offending material can be made the PTA Google directly . \" Google / YouTube will accordingly restrict access the said offending material users Pakistan . \" However , a YouTube spokeswoman said government requests the removal content would not automatically be granted . \" We have clear community guidelines , and when videos violate those rules , we remove them ,\" she said . \" addition , where we have launched YouTube locally and we are notified a video is illegal that country , we may restrict access it a thorough review . \" She said requests governments content to be removed would be recorded YouTube 's Transparency Report . Pakistan 's ban YouTube was imposed the Supreme Court 2012 the US-made film Innocence Muslims was uploaded . The amateur-made video was condemned the Muslim world and sparked widespread protests its mocking portrayal the Prophet Muhammad . More a dozen people died protests Pakistan . Blasphemy is a crime Pakistan and can carry the death penalty , such a sentence has not been carried . Google revealed last week it had launched local versions YouTube Nepal , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .", "The 26-year-old was injured last week 's win Exeter . Director rugby Richard Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester : \" eight weeks the season to go that is probably the last we will see him . \" Meanwhile , scrum-half Sam Harrison , 24 , has signed a new deal , but the length the contract has not been revealed . Benjamin has been plagued injuries signing Worcester 2012 , suffering a serious neck injury which delayed his first-team debut 15 months . He also sustained a knee injury that ruled him four months last term . But Cockerill said : \" It is certainly not too serious and he will make a full recovery the next eight 10 weeks . \"", "The death toll doubled the last two days officials found more 100 bodies waters began receding . Officials estimate the floods have affected 450,000 people the state . This years monsoon rains have affected millions at least 20 states India . The north-eastern state Assam has also seen dozens killed and hundreds thousands displaced . The government has announced aid packages affected areas and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is due to visit Assam Tuesday . He has said the aim his visit is to find a \" permanent solution \" the flooding that Assam faces every year . The Press Trust India news agency quoted an official saying many affected people Gujarat had begun returning their villages .", "Two snowsports enthusiasts got married a Scottish ski resort sliding a run their wedding attire . Bridget and Jonathan Reid , Moy , Tomatin the Highlands , tied the knot Nevis Range , Fort William , Friday . The couple first 's date six years ago was a skiing trip , so they decided it would be appropriate to get married skis . Adventure photographer Hamish Frost took their wedding snaps . Bridget , who is a teacher , and Jonathan , who runs his own electrical automation company , benefited recent snowfalls their big day . They got married full Highland dress , which includes a kilt , and white wedding dress surrounded snow-covered mountain landscape . The white stuff had been lacking winter , but last month 's Storm Doris and recent spells colder weather have helped the operation Nevis Range and Scotland 's other outdoor ski centres . The newly weds said : \" the last couple years we have spent as many weekends possible skiing the Back Corries Nevis Range . \" We love the atmosphere , the friendliness the staff and the amazing terrain skiing . When we heard we could actually get married there it was a no-brainer . \" The couple got married the top Easy Gully a ceremony officiated Halde Pottinger the Humanist Society Scotland . \" He was totally marrying us skis and did an amazing job . He is currently trying to establish or not we are the first wedding actually conducted and vowed skis - officiate and couple ,\" said the Reids . \" We ca n't actually believe we are but there ca n't be many . We also managed to twist the arm adventure photographer Hamish Frost , who came along to take photographs . \" The couple added : \" The day could not have been better . doubt it was the best conditions the year - blue skies and fresh snow , we could not have asked more . \" They thanked the staff Nevis Range \" a fabulous job making our day possible \" , and helping throwing \" a hell a good party \" the evening .", "The fine follows the conviction former RBS trader , Shirlina Tsang , fraud last year . She was sentenced 50 months prison being caught falsifying records emerging markets trades . Hong Kong regulators said RBS 's controls were \" seriously inadequate \" . The Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) also said there were \" significant weaknesses its procedures , management systems and internal controls . \" But the regulator said the fine took account the bank 's speedy action alerting the authorities it had discovered the illegal trades , which took place its emerging markets rates business 2011 . \" This deserves substantial credit and is the reason why today 's sanctions are not heavier ones ,\" Mark Steward , the SFC 's head enforcement , said a statement . RBS responded a statement , reading : \" We put place a comprehensive remediation programme that strengthened our governance and supervisory oversight , and our control environment . \" The fine is relatively small compared others the bank has received the last few years . December RBS agreed to pay 391m euros (\u00a3 320m ) penalties the European Commission its role the attempted rigging Yen Libor and Euribor - the Tokyo and euro equivalents the London interbank offered rate , or Libor . the same month it was fined $ 100m (\u00a3 60m ) US regulators violations US sanctions Iran , Sudan , Burma , and Cuba . The bank was found to have removed location information payments made US financial institutions countries such Iran and Cuba .", "Mandla Hlatshwayo and his friend were shot confronting a group men who had robbed women their mobile phones a pub Soweto . The suspects were found possession drugs and an unlicensed gun . South Africa has one the highest murder rates the world more 50,000 cases reported every year . \" Police are questioning the suspects to see they can link them the shooting ,\" says the police 's Lungelo Dlamini . Tributes are still pouring the star who was also a DJ local radio station Jozi FM . Those who knew the 40-year-old have described him a selfless man .", "Witnesses told officers they heard a gun being fired Anfield Road Primary School about 09:00 GMT . Pupils and staff there and the nearby All Saints Catholic Primary School have been ordered to stay indoors police investigate . Ch Supt Mark Harrison said it \" beggars belief \" it would happen a school . Members the public told police the shot was fired a dark coloured car a white man a grey hooded top who was foot . A Merseyside Police spokeswoman said local hospitals had been checked and \" no-one has sought medical attention injuries caused a firearm \" . She said officers were making house-to-house inquiries and studying CCTV footage the area . Ch Supt Harrison said the attack \" appears to be targeted \" and was particularly worrying \" a child could have been seriously injured or worse \" . He said police wanted to hear those the car \" so we know they are safe \" . Anfield Road Primary School 's headteacher Clair Drew-Williams said her pupils were \" safe and unaware the incident \" . \" The site was not evacuated , the school day is continuing normal and a trip some pupils took place planned ,\" she said .", "The Olympic champion , 29 , was third overall the end a promising first day - traditionally her strongest - a score 3,928 points . Sunday she leapt a respectable 6.16m the long jump but threw a disappointing 42.60m the javelin . the 800m remaining , she has 5,544 points , still course the 6,200 needed to qualify the Rio Olympics . Ennis-Hill is competing her first heptathlon winning gold London 2012 . A top-12 finish and score 6,075 points would also secure qualification this summer 's World Championships . Canada 's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton leads ahead the final event , remarkably achieving three personal bests her way a 5,834 score . Follow latest updates and reports the second day the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting the BBC Sport website Sunday , 31 May .", "Only 90 will be returned Stormont - compared 108 previous assembly polls . the 228 candidates , 70 are women . The election will take place 2 March . Once again the DUP is fielding the most candidates 38 , followed Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 34 . The Ulster Unionist Party has 24 candidates , the SDLP and Alliance have 21 each . The Green Party is fielding 18 candidates , the TUV , 14 , the Conservatives 13 and People Profit seven . The Workers Party has five candidates the race , the cross-community Labour Alternative four , the PUP and the Citizens Independent Social Thought Alliance three each and the UKIP one . There are also 22 independent candidates the field . West Tyrone , East Londonderry and East Antrim have the largest number candidates standing , 15 going the ballot paper each . The constituency the fewest - nine - is Newry and Armagh .", "We received that question Drew who is planning a trip New York December . He asked : \" Should I get my cash now or should I wait ? Will there be much change now and then ? \" Anthony Reuben , BBC Reality Check , had this answer : \" The BBC does not give financial advice , but here are a few things to bear mind ... \" The exchange rate the pound and the dollar reflects the views investors the relative strengths the two economies . \" the Brexit vote June the pound has fallen 18 % the dollar the judgment growth is likely to be stronger the US the UK and UK interest rates are falling the next movement US rates is expected to be upwards . \" But it 's always possible something could happen to change that view - there is a presidential election the US November , example . The outcome that could make a considerable difference the exchange rate . \" You do not necessarily have to put all your eggs one basket - there is also the option to hedge your bets and buy half your dollars now and half them just you go , as long you are not going to be hit extra charges carrying two transactions . \" It is always worth shopping around when buying currency - avoid buying your currency the last minute the airport . There are plenty comparison sites online that will help you get the most dollars possible your pounds , even it is fewer you would have got a few months ago . \" We asked readers to send questions the recent fall the pound and rise the FTSE 100 . Anthony chose Drew 's question : \" I 'm planning going New York December , should I get my cash now or wait ? Will there be much change now and then ? \" Take a look some the other questions you 've wanted us to answer : Why does the NHS spend homeopathy ? Could the UK take existing EU trade deals ? Does fracking affect the water supply ? you are reading this page the BBC News app , you will need to visit the mobile version the BBC website to submit your question .", "More 300 people entered Alternative Model the Year the winner being decided judges Newcastle Saturday . Vintage-fan Zoe Waters , 19 , Bishop Auckland , is a student Newcastle University . Ms Waters said she was shocked to be declared the winner . \" I 've always dressed a bit crazy ,\" she said . \" I do n't know why I wanted to be different , I guess I just always choose to wear what I like and look how I want to look rather worrying what 's fashion . \" She said she now plans to pursue a career modelling . \" I 'm only 5ft 3in tall and I never wanted to look normal I never thought I could actually be a model , I had n't realised how big the alternative modelling world is . \" Organiser Kieran Martin said : \" There is a lot prejudice and hatred people sub-cultures we wanted to create something that would celebrate the different lives we have , we are proud what we are achieving . \" The final was held Northumbria University Newcastle .", "The Yomper statue is currently located front the Royal Marines Museum Eastney . The National Museum the Royal Navy has started consulting a proposed move Portsmouth Historic Dockyard . Campaigners insist it is a local memorial the conflict and \" belongs \" Eastney . The Yomper statue was created Philip Jackson , depicting a royal marine marching the islands the 1982 conflict and was unveiled former prime minister , Lady Thatcher , 1992 . The National Museum the Royal Navy ( NMRN ) is planning to relocate the Royal Marines Museum Eastney Portsmouth Historic Dockyard part a \u00c2 \u00a3 13m lottery funded project and wants to take the statue it . An online petition moving the statue has attracted more 1,800 signatories , saying it was \" now considered our local Falklands War Memorial \" . Sheila Mackie who set it said : \" The imposing scale The Yomper needs space and adequate distance to be fully appreciated , and the visualization the part the major campaign that the statue represents could n't be achieved an interior space . \" Conservative-led Portsmouth City Council also voted to express a \" clear preference \" the statue remain where it it is . Its motion stated : \" The Yomper statue has graced the seafront many years , serving a reminder both the Falklands War and the Marines' historical association Eastney . \" NMRN director Jon Rawlinson said the new museum site would potentially have 750,000 visitors a year , compared 40,000 the current museum . \" He would be seen far more people the historic dockyard , but course he was built here [ Eastney ] and is part here . \" He said no decision had been made and it would consider all comments submitted its public consultation .", "It is believed to be the first alleged breach the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures ( TPim ) . The suspect appeared the Old Bailey accused failing to contact a monitoring company and report a police station twice January . The Home Office has refused to comment the case . TPims replaced control orders January 2012 . The suspect - who can only be referred BM - was one nine British citizens subject a TPim when the figures were last disclosed March . The BBC is not aware anyone else who has appeared court charged a breach a TPim . The Home Office said : \" We do not comment individual cases . The police investigate all breaches TPims and will prosecute where that is viable . \" Those subject a TPim can be ordered to stay overnight a specified address and report a police station every day . Other measures include a ban contacting particular individuals , going certain areas and places and travelling abroad . Labour has argued TPims have \" weakened \" public protection terrorism . March , the independent reviewer terror laws , David Anderson , said TPims could prove less effective control orders they can be imposed a maximum period two years only . The court heard BM is charged two counts breaching Section 23 a TPim order . The allegations are 16 January he failed to contact a monitoring company , and 27 January failed to report a police station . BM , who has a grey beard and was dressed the hearing a white shirt , cannot be named nor have his address published legal reasons . The prosecutor Louise Gray asked a provisional date 2 July to be set a plea and case management hearing . The defendant was granted unconditional bail he remains subject the restrictions imposed his TPim . A trial date was not set .", "The 33-year-old takes the role Charlotte Burton , whom he assisted last season his coaching commitments Brighton College . Seamer Anyon took 199 wickets 63 first-class appearances Sussex 2010 and 2014 and retired last year a knee injury . He will also coach the women 's under-19 and under-21 sides . \" This is a great opportunity to continue working Sussex ,\" he said . \" The women 's game is fast-growing and I am looking forward bringing my own experiences professional cricket and using them to help the girls . \" Alexia Walker , Sussex 's most-capped women 's player and coach the under-17 side , will take roles the senior , under-21 and under-19 sides .", "The 23-year-old younger brother Sunderland 's Wes Brown , had been trial the Shakers . Brown has also had spells Bradford , Doncaster , Oldham , Coventry , Ipswich , Watford and Carlisle , making 50 appearances the Football League . He is available Bury 's League One season opener they travel Doncaster Saturday . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "About 47 % working South Africans earn less the wage , which is being introduced to combat income poverty and inequality . But critics say it could put more people work employers might not be able to afford the higher wages . The government says it will consult the issue , but hopes to introduce a minimum wage two years . Announcing the rate , which was proposed a panel advisers , the country 's deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa said : \" We are now a step closer finalising discussions the national minimum wage . All social partners will now decide what their take is . \" He said the panel was not endorsing the proposed figure a living wage , but wanted to set a minimum payment workers . Wages are politically sensitive the country , where the official unemployment rate is close 25 % . One employment expert reckoned the figure was only about a quarter the amount needed the upkeep a typical South African working-class household . Prof Chris Malikane the University Witwatersrand told a Johannesburg radio station : \" You would need 12,000 rand to sustain a basic household . \" The African National Congress , South Africa 's ruling party , supported the proposal calling it \" credible and clearly supported clear evidence \" . However , the Economic Freedom Fighters , the country 's third largest political party , said the plan \" favours business the expense workers \" . It called a higher minimum wage at least 4,500 rand . South Africa faces a possible downgrade sub-investment grade credit ratings agencies month , concerns remaining violent wage strikes . Moody 's currently rates South Africa two notches subinvestment grade , a negative outlook , Fitch and S & P Global Ratings have it just a step \" junk \" . However , Mr Ramaphosa said : \" We have made tremendous progress the labour instability issues ,\"", "Only 50.5 overs were possible the MCG , but Australia still got wickets regular intervals Jackson Bird taking two 53 . Azhar 's 110-ball half-century saw him pass 1,000 Test runs 2016 . Australia lead the three-Test series 1-0 , having beaten Pakistan 39 runs the opener the Gabba . Sami Aslam was undone Nathan Lyon making just nine and , Azhar and Babar Azam batted the remainder the morning , Azam edged the last ball lunch Josh Hazlewood to give Steve Smith his second catch . Misbah-ul-Haq scored 11 13 balls a four and a six being brilliantly caught short leg Nic Maddinson Bird . Bird bowled Younus Khan an inside edge to end a third-wicket stand 51 . The wicket came shortly the scheduled tea break and the weather meant that interval came early and play never resumed .", "It was the first time the Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) system had been used to select two members the same ward a by-election . The SNP topped the vote the Leith Walk by-election , Scottish Labour won the second seat the Greens . The by-election was called Deidre Brock the SNP and Maggie Chapman the Scottish Greens stood . The SNP 's John Lewis Ritchie topped the Leith Walk poll 2,290 votes . He was elected stage one the STV process a swing first-preference votes 7.6 % Labour . Labour 's Marion Donaldson received 1,623 votes , ahead Susan Jane Rae the Scottish Greens 1,381 . Ms Donaldson was elected stage 10 the voting process other preferences had been considered . The by-election was called Ms Brock stood when she was elected the SNP MP Edinburgh North and Leith May . Ms Chapman , the Scottish Greens , resigned her post to concentrate standing the Scottish Parliament next May 's election . The turnout the by-election was 25.1 % . The SNP also held the Midlothian West seat Midlothian Council a swing 6.3 % Labour . The party 's Kelly Parry secured 1,540 votes , ahead Labour 's Ian Miller 945 votes . The by-election was called Owen Thompson was elected SNP MP the Midlothian constituency .", "Hooker Hughes , 20 , featured Llandovery the 2015-16 season 19-year-old flanker Evans has played Scarlets' Under-18 side . Both players have been included Wales' squad June 's Junior World Championship . Wales play Ireland , Georgia and New Zealand Pool A Manchester . \" They both enjoyed a very successful Six Nations campaign and will take confidence the forthcoming World Championships ,\" Scarlets general manager rugby Jon Daniels said .", "Eleven people were killed when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed traffic the A27 22 August . West Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth said the recovery operation was \" extremely challenging \" crews . Sussex Police have also finished their work the scene , but their investigations are continuing . Mr Ruth said the fire service had been \" truly humbled \" the messages support it had received . \" The thoughts and prayers everyone West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service continue to be the families and friends those killed and injured the Shoreham Air Show tragedy ,\" he said . He anticipated Friday would be the last day his crews worked the scene and wanted to thank people the \" over-whelming support we have received \" . \" my 27 years service I have never experienced such an outpouring gratitude and respect I have received behalf West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service the last few weeks - letters and emails , words thanks the street , and visitors a number our local fire stations ,\" he said . Det Chief Insp Carwyn Hughes , Sussex Police , said : \" Our officers and staff have been meticulous and have worked hard the past three weeks to find answers the victims' families . \" We have now finished work the A27 , however our investigation continues . \" Thursday , the Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) said it wanted to interview 51-year-old pilot Andy Hill as soon possible . Reports Mr Hill , a former RAF pilot Sandon , Buntingford Hertfordshire , had left hospital have not been confirmed police . An initial AAIB report said Mr Hill was thrown clear the aircraft the later part the crash , but it is not clear he initiated his ejection . the crash , the pilot 's family issued a statement which said they were devastated and deeply saddened the loss life and sent prayers and heartfelt condolences the families all those affected . West Sussex County Council said the single closed westbound lane the A27 was expected to be reopened traffic next week but screens will stay the roadside indefinitely reclamation work the land to be completed .", "Spokesman Josh Earnest confirmed a private party was held Saturday but said little else . The guest list 500 was said to include lobbyists , CEOs and celebrities . The Rev Al Sharpton tweeted a performance Prince and Steve Wonder . The civil rights activist and TV host wrote it was \" awesome \" to see them both the keyboards . Mr Earnest did say the Obamas' paid the party \" their own dime \" , but would not say how much the party cost . The New York Post reported film director Tyler Perry , actresses Angela Bassett and fashion designer Naeem Khan were the celebrity guests .", "Causanagh Road , Loughgall Tannyoky Road , Poyntzpass Carrowreagh Road , Dundonald Edenticullo Road , Hillsborough New Line Road , Rathfriland Drumanure Road , Derrygonnelly", "The Alabama Securities Commission led the investigation , which helps prevent financial fraud the elderly . an agent interviewed Lee , the commission 's head said he was satisfied she wanted a second book published . The new work - Go Set a Watchman - will be the 88-year-old American author 's first release the 1960s . The surprise move prompted some suggestions Lee was manipulated publishing the decades-old manuscript , which was discovered her lawyer the author 's possessions last year . \" We closed the file . Let 's just say she was able to answer questions we asked our satisfaction our point view ,'' said Joseph Borg , Alabama Securities Commission director . The New York Times reported the investigation was sparked requests a doctor the state investigate Lee was capable to have consented the release the work . Lee herself was \" extremely hurt \" allegations she was manipulated , her lawyer Tonja Carter said . To Kill a Mockingbird was published July 1960 and has sold more 40 million copies the world . Go Set a Watchman was written before To Kill A Mockingbird , and features many the same characters , an adult Scout Finch returning her native Alabama New York to visit her father .", "Washington blamed Russia and the Syrian government intensifying their attacks civilians . Last week , the US warned it would halt the talks Moscow stops bombing the city Aleppo . Russia said it regretted the US move , accusing it shifting the blame the collapse last month 's truce . Aleppo , Syria 's largest city the north , has come heavy aerial bombardment the end the ceasefire two weeks ago . The main trauma hospital the rebel-held eastern part the city was hit an air strike the third time a week , activists said Monday . Hundreds people , including children , have died government forces launched an offensive to take full control Aleppo the week-long truce lapsed . Some 250,000 people are trapped eastern Aleppo . a statement , state department spokesman john Kirby said : \" The United States is suspending its participation bilateral channels Russia that were established to sustain the cessation hostilities . \" Unfortunately , Russia failed to live its own commitments ... and was also either unwilling or unable to ensure Syrian regime adherence the arrangements which Moscow agreed . \" Rather , Russia and the Syrian regime have chosen to pursue a military course ,\" Mr Kirby said , admitting \" this is not a decision that was taken lightly \" . He said Moscow and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's troops had been \" targeting critical infrastructure such hospitals , and preventing humanitarian aid reaching civilians need , including the 19 September attack a humanitarian aid convoy \" . Moscow strongly denies involvement its own or Syrian planes the deadly aid convoy strike , and says the incident was caused fire the ground and not an air strike . response the US suspension the talks , Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said : \" We regret this decision Washington . \" \" Washington simply did not fulfil the key condition the agreement to improve the humanitarian condition Aleppo . \" failing to fulfil the agreements they themselves worked , they are trying to shift responsibility someone else ,\" Ms Zakharova said . She also said the US had failed to divide jihadist groups Syria the moderate opposition . Russia and the US were due to convene Geneva to try to co-ordinate air strikes jihadist groups , but American officials were told to return home . The US also said it would withdraw personnel \" that had been dispatched anticipation the possible establishment the Joint ( US-Russian ) Implementation Centre \" . However , the two sides would keep talking counter-terrorism operations Syria to avoid unnecessary clashes .", "The parishioners St Paul 's , Shipley , posted the video Facebook February a traditional advert failed to attract any applicants . It was viewed more 30,000 times and attracted media coverage the UK . The new vicar , Henriette Howarth , will take the post next week . The song , written the children the help the church 's musical director Rachel Hesselwood , listed the qualities the new vicar needed . It begins the lines : \" you want this choice position have a cheery disposition . Make us laugh , smile lots , play games , tell jokes . \" Other requirements included \" You must be kind , you must be fair . Bible stories you will share . \" Boy or girl it does n't matter - but you must enjoy Harry Potter ! \" It ends a promise the children to keep the church tidy and not to \" talk your sermons , we 'll be good you 'll see \" .", "The Belgium international , 24 , changed the game the bench but fell awkwardly injury time . His agent Patrick de Koster initially said De Bruyne would miss six weeks . But , seeing a specialist , the \u00a3 55m former Wolfsburg player said : \" I 'll be out around 10 weeks . \" De Bruyne could miss 13 league and cup games , including the League Cup final Liverpool 28 February , both legs the Champions League last-16 tie Dynamo Kiev and the Manchester derby 20 March . The Belgian is City 's second top goalscorer 12 this season , four striker Sergio Aguero . De Koster added : \" Kevin told me the only thing he can do is work hard and come back . Kevin is sad . His dream is to always be playing football . \" De Bruyne scored one goal and set another to help City a 4-3 aggregate victory the Toffees . Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles , who repeatedly tried to lift De Bruyne he lay injured , used social media to say sorry . \" I would like to apologise Kevin de Bruyne my reaction his injury ,\" said the 25-year-old Spaniard . \" the heat the moment I did n't realise he was badly hurt . I wish him all the best and a speedy recovery . \"", "The attacker , a 27-year-old Swiss man , also died Sunday , they said . Five other people were hurt when the man set fire the train and stabbed passengers the attack Saturday . Two them , including a six-year-old child , are a serious condition . Police have said , yet , there is no indication a political or terrorist motive the attack . The attack occurred 14:20 ( 12:20 GMT ) the train was approaching Salez station , the towns Buchs and Sennwald . Several dozen passengers were board the time . a statement ( German ) , St Gallen cantonal police said video evidence the train showed the attacker , armed a knife , pouring a flammable liquid . Six people - including the attacker - were injured . The seventh injured person was a man the platform who pulled the burning attacker the train . Forensic experts are analysing the flammable liquid and the scene the crime . Police said the attacker lived a canton adjoining St Gallen . His address has been searched . the basis the video evidence , police say the man acted alone .", "The Flybe passenger aircraft was flying about 900ft ( 275m ) and was about 2 miles ( 3km ) Cornwall Airport Newquay when it happened Tuesday afternoon , police said . Devon and Cornwall Police conducted a search the area but have not found the drone or operator . Insp Dave Meredith called it \" an incredibly concerning incident \" . Latest the drone miss , and other stories Devon and Cornwall \" The close proximity the drone the passenger aircraft shows a complete disregard the operator public safety and we are appealing the public information to help us track this reckless drone operator ,\" Insp Meredith said . A spokeswoman Cornwall Airport Newquay confirmed a drone had flown the air traffic zone adjacent the final approach the airport the plane flew in London Stansted carrying 62 passengers . \" this occasion there was no danger collision , Air Traffic Control ( ATC ) reported this incident the police the drone should not have been flown that area ATC clearance and posed a potential danger incoming flights ,\" she said . A spokesperson the UK Civil Aviation Authority said : \" Airspace proximity incidents , involving two aircraft , or a drone and an aircraft , need to be fully investigated to establish the level risk involved . \" The UK Airprox Board , which investigates airspace proximity incidents , said it had not received any official report the incident yet . Flybe said it would \" work closely \" all relevant authorities to help identify the perpetrators any activity which could jeopardise passenger safety . Operators any small unmanned surveillance aircraft must not fly them 50m ( 164 ft ) any vessel , vehicle or structure which is not the user 's control , they have obtained permission the Civil Aviation Authority , according the Air Navigation Order 2009 . Figures have shown there were more reported near misses drones and aircraft the UK the first six months 2016 the whole the previous year .", "The grey seal was found Cruden Bay Tuesday . The Scottish SPCA removed the seal beach and took it the charity 's rescue centre where it was cut free . Ch Insp John Carle said : \" The amount netting tangled the seal 's neck was the largest I have ever seen . It was a lovely moment watching the seal heading back the water . \" He added : \" He was so large and heavy it took three our officers to lift him and take him our centre Drumoak where we cut the net away . \" he had n't been discovered and freed the net would eventually have cut his skin which could have resulted septicaemia or other infections . \" Thankfully there were no injuries this case and we were able to release him relatively quickly . \" This was a very happy ending and we 're so glad we were able to help . \"", "The archive travel writer , war hero and adventurer Sir Patrick Leigh Fermor has been catalogued the National Library Scotland . The collection includes letters Prince Charles and Truman Capote . Sir Patrick , who was known Paddy , died 2011 the age 96 . He published several books his travels the world and one the most prized items the archive is the only surviving notebook his 1933 trek Europe . The trek provided the material his most famous books , ' A Time Gifts ' , ' the Woods and the Water ' and ' The Broken Road ' . Thousands items which occupy 16 metres shelving took a year to be catalogued library staff . letters notable 20th century figures they also uncovered literary manuscripts , sketches and what appears to be an unpublished John Betjeman poem the back an envelope . Sir Patrick spent much World War Two Nazi-occupied Crete . his time there he disguised himself a shepherd to organise guerrilla operations the Nazis . He led one the most daring feats the war 1944 , capturing the commander the German garrison Crete . The 1957 film starring Dirk Bogarde ' Ill Met Moonlight ' was based the operation . Graham Stewart , the library curator who worked the archive project , said : \" It is a history the colourful life a celebrated writer . He was undoubtedly a superstar his day and his books have , anything , grown popularity the years . \" There has already been a lot interest the archive and we expect this to increase now Leigh Fermor fans and people interested the 20th century more generally . \" The library is working digitising some the archive it can be viewed its website . They are also considering holding exhibitions and displays the collection more people will be able to see it . The archive was given the library the John R Murray Charitable Trust . John Murray was Sir Patrick 's publisher and the trust also supported the cataloguing the collection .", "Mr Roache , who is secretary the union 's Yorkshire region , won 56.7 % the vote , the only other candidate , Paul McCarthy , the North West region , had 43.3 % . The union is the third largest the UK more 600,000 members . Current general secretary Paul Kenny announced the summer he was standing almost a decade the job . Mr Roache has 35 years experience the GMB and led the Leeds City Council 13-week refuse and street cleaning strike 2009 - the longest the union 's history . He said he was \" proud and humbled \" to have been elected . \" I will repay GMB members' faith me leading a 21st Century union that fights our members , their families and communities , every hour every day . \" Mr Roache also paid tribute Mr Kenny his work \" that has made GMB the envy the union movement \" . Details the handover date have yet to be agreed . The GMB is one the three largest affiliates the Labour Party and is a significant financial contributor the party locally and nationally .", "The club , which is owned its fans the Exeter City Supporters Trust , declared a total profit \u00a3 1.642m 2014-15 , mainly the sale midfielder Matt Grimes Swansea City . The deal January 2015 \u00a3 1.75m , was a record sale the club . The profits came the same year that the club were forced to get an emergency loan to pay players' wages . June 2014 cashflow problems meant the Professional Footballers' Association stepped in to pay the players and forced Exeter a transfer embargo which was only lifted August that year . The club 's accounts also show Exeter had a surplus shareholders' funds \u00a3 761,000 , compared a deficit \u00a3 880,000 the previous year and reduced their cost base almost 5 % . Exeter are hoping to redevelop St James Park being given planning permission last month . \" The board have agreed broad terms how the income the transfer should be spent to improve the infrastructure strength the club line its vision and underlying model and these plans are now being developed detail further presentation ,\" said a club statement .", "The United Arab Emirates thrower was training Newham Leisure Centre the World Para-athletics Championships London . Majid Rashed , vice president the UAE International Paralympic Committee , confirmed \" the throwing cage collapsed the athlete 's head \" . Hayayei , 36 , was pronounced dead the scene 17:20 BST Tuesday . The Health and Safety Executive and police are investigating the incident , which was witnessed some Hayayei 's team-mates and UAE staff . \" I can say the throwing cage collapsed the athlete 's head - but how that happened , we can not say ,\" Rashed said Wednesday . Media playback is not supported this device The IPC said two the athlete 's personal coaches were present but were not involved . Hayayei , a father five , was preparing to compete the F34 class the Championships . \" He was ambitious , he wanted to win medals his country and his family . He had a lot dreams the para-sports movement , \" Rashed said , adding the UAE team will still compete London . \" The athletes were very close Abdullah , they trained the same centre the UAE . It 's really very difficult all us but we promised ourselves we are going to continue and we are going to win something Abdullah , bringing the best performance the athletes . \" We are working the athletes to get them a better situation , obviously today will be better yesterday , tomorrow we believe will be even better them . \" The Metropolitan Police said emergency services \" were called shortly 17:00hrs Tuesday ... reports a seriously injured man Newham Leisure Centre \" . It added : \" this early stage , it is believed the man was struck a metal pole which formed part training facilities the centre . \" IPC president Sir Philip Craven said : \" We are all truly devastated this tragic news and the passing Abdullah . \" Hayayei made his Paralympic debut Rio 2016 , finishing sixth the javelin F34 and seventh shot put F34 . London 2017 , which starts Friday , was to be Hayayei 's second World Championships . the 2015 event Doha , Qatar , he finished fifth the discus F34 and eighth shot put F34 . He was set to compete the shot put , discus and javelin F34 events . A moment silence will be held honour Hayayei Friday 's opening ceremony London Stadium .", "The end last year saw growth several sectors the economy , but there are concerns rising prices , skill shortages and falling sales . Manufacturers reported their highest growth new orders nearly three years , export demand still strong . retail , there was also a return optimism - only just , and profitability being squeezed . tourism , firms reported improving visitor numbers the final quarter the year , but falling sales revenues . Responses the survey , carried the Chambers Commerce Strathclyde University economists the Fraser Allander Institute , were more positive the economic figures published Wednesday . The Labour Force Survey and the Gross Domestic Product figures showed weakness the Scottish economy , covering an earlier part 2016 the Chambers' survey . the GDP assessment the Scottish government has seen a sharp contraction the past year , the Chambers found a more positive picture , growth private commercial contracts . However , there are warning signals survey , tourism companies having difficulties finding skilled recruits . Retail firms flagged rising prices . Construction is expecting an investment dip . The weakest the five sectors covered was finance and business services . More firms that large part the economy saw employment fall saw it rise . But balance , firms say sales revenue is expected to increase . Neil Amner , chairman the Scottish Chambers Commerce economic advisory group , said : \" Our latest economic data shows many Scottish businesses will have a successful 2017 , business optimism remaining positive many sectors . \" This is good news the economy , particularly we continue to deal international uncertainty and domestic issues including a rating revaluation and a potential divergence Income Tax Scotland and the rest the UK . \" The overall business mood remains positive but firms expect business growth to be challenged rising prices , tightening cash flow and profitability , higher import costs impacted exchange rates and a likely increase inflation the year goes . \" the converse side , exporters are continuing to report a healthy growth trade , perhaps not quite matching their initial expectations . \" Optimism could hardly be more finely balanced and anything that rocks the boat could change the glass half full half empty . \" Business success 2017 will largely depend the ability firms to manage costs and consumer demand to remain strong the face pressures real incomes . \"", "Wellington monument the Blackdown Hills , Somerset , was built 1817 but 2005 it has been fenced falling stone debris . The National Trust is using ground-penetrating radar the 174ft ( 53m ) tower to see its stone cladding . Ken Evans , the trust , said the work was \" crucial \" . Built one the highest points the Blackdown Hills , the landmark was put a tribute the Duke Wellington 's military achievements the Battle Waterloo . But according the trust , it has been struck lightning twice its history and renovating the very tall landmark every 10 15 years has been \" expensive and unsustainable \" . Mr Evans , the trust 's building surveyor , said the radar study was one several being carried to \" understand this unique and somewhat complex monument \" . \" We have been using wind and movement sensors which have already surprised us showing it does n't flex the wind quite as much we expected ,\" he said . \" The ground-penetrating radar seeks to identify voids and gaps the stonework the surface but should also tell us more the materials which were used to build the obelisk . \" Data the detailed survey will also be used to build a computer model the obelisk and help a \" more effective repair approach \" .", "The world 's biggest clothing retailer posted net earnings \u20ac 1.26bn (\u00a3 1.1bn ) the six months 31 July - up 8 % the same period last year . Sales jumped \u20ac 9.4bn \u20ac 10.5bn , an increase 11 % . The group 's clothes can now be bought online 40 countries , it said . Inditex operates eight brands 90 countries including Pull & Bear , Massimo Dutti and Bershka . How Zara 's founder became the richest man the world - two days Chairman and chief executive Pablo Isla emphasised the firm 's investment technology , saying the firm had expanded its online stores 11 new countries the period . It also launched mobile phone payment all its Spanish stores , the objective \" extending the service other countries \" . This will encompass online apps all its brands and a specific app the whole group called InWallet . Mr Isla said : \" Both our online and bricks-and-mortar stores are seamlessly connected , driven platforms such mobile payment , and other technological initiatives we will continue to develop . \" Tom Gadsby , an analyst Liberum , said the firm 's \" online drive \" was important . \" I expect the years they may find they do n't have to open many stores to maintain their strong growth rate the online channel will become increasingly important ,\" he said . \" And Zara is available many the territories which they operate [ online ] , most their other brands are n't readily available Europe online . \" So there is a big opportunity there them to expand online new territories . \" The company also said it had benefited steady economic growth Spain , where Inditex gets a fifth its sales . That country 's clothing market grew an average 3 % the three-months the end July , according the Spanish statistics agency . All the group 's brands increased their international presence the period , 83 new stores opened 38 countries . a call analysts , it said it would open 6-8 % new store space course the year . The firm 's strong performance sets it apart European rivals H & M and Next , which have blamed unseasonal weather below-forecast results this year .", "It comes a documentary , The Betrayed Girls is being shown BBC One about nine Asian men jailed grooming teenage girls the town 2012 . Laura , who was abused the gang the age 13 she was 17 , said the targeting girls Asian men was still going Greater Manchester . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said it was \" committed \" tackling abusers . Laura , whose identity is protected a victim a sex crime , told BBC Two 's Victoria Derbyshire show said she was walking Oldham town centre an Asian community a couple months ago . \" I was still getting cars pulling me asking me I wanted to go a drink ,\" said Laura . \" It 's not bothering them . I do n't actually think they understand they are doing something wrong . \" Nazir Afzal the north west 's former chief crown prosecutor who brought the case the Rochdale gang said five years some victims nationally are still not being listened . Mr Afzal overturned a decision not to charge nine men who ran the child sex exploitation ring . He said there have been \" significant rises \" investigations and prosecutions the crime and victims were more confident reporting abuse and they are getting better support . However , he said : \" Victim support groups nationally are still telling me victims are not being consistently listened and told the case is too difficult to bring [ court ].\" He also said some victims historical child sex exploitation were being told police were focusing current cases , too . Mr Afzal said agencies must be more proactive and more \" collaborative working \" was needed the police , councils and other agencies and voluntary groups . GMP said it was \" vital \" they learnt the lessons the past and it was \" absolutely committed \" working partners Greater Manchester to tackle the sexual exploitation children and young people . \" We have been working tirelessly many years to prevent this abhorrent crime happening and provide support victims and their families . \" Rochdale Council said public services \" collectively failed \" the victims but lessons have \" been learnt it \" . Steve Rumbelow , chief executive Rochdale Borough Council , said : \" 2012 the council and its partners have worked to make the changes needed , to increase knowledge , prevent harm , challenge those who wish to exploit children and better support victims and survivors . \" The documentary which features testimonies victims the first time follows a BBC One drama Three Girls . Source : Greater Manchester Police", "Torrents water brought a suspended ceiling and damaged stock the Victoria Centre store about 22:40 BST Tuesday . Managers had hoped a weekend reopening but it is now closed \" further notice \" . Staff have been helping the clean-up operation . Water poured through a rooftop room , leaving the top floor three inches water and stock \" significantly \" damaged . A spokeswoman said : \" Our teams are working the clock to get the shop open as quickly possible and we 're sorry the inconvenience this has caused our customers . \"", "Attendances have fallen recent years the Premiership side moved Edgeley Park Stockport AJ Bell Stadium Barton 2012 . Sale have moved home games back Friday nights the upcoming season . \" I think there is some rebuilding to do I think people the early days moving have had a pretty poor experience ,\" Cotton told BBC Sport . \" That could be queuing a motorway , could n't get away the stadium , could n't buy a drink the ground . Listening the things we 're going to do to change that , people come now they will find a very different experience . \" The infrastructure is still well away where it needs to be but there are plans to develop that . \" Cotton , 69 , a former England and British and Irish Lions prop returned Sale - a club he served both a player and director - Simon Orange 's takeover the Premiership side June . He has promised to be active his role , his commitments his clothing business . \" What I really want to see is a very strong north England club that can compete the highest level ,\" he added . \" That is my motivation giving the precious thing that I have got , and that is my time . \" I think what was lacking before was the board were n't very often represented games home and away , and I think that is very wrong - board members will travel away games and home games . \" One the standout announcements Sale 's new 10-man board was director rugby Steve Diamond will have a seat it . However , Cotton insists there will be no conflict interest a member the coaching staff also working a director . \" It will put no strain whatsoever the relationship , we 're here to support him ,\" Cotton continued . \" We 'll be working very closely Diamond to make sure we can achieve the ambition which we all hold - we went down we 'd still be them . \" Diamond also confirmed they are close signing a new full-back and are still looking another player to add their backline , former Bath and London Welsh winger Nick Scott trial the club .", "The film a princess 's mythical journey ancient Polynesia took an estimated $ 81.1m (\u00a3 65.3m ) its debut . That makes it the second-highest Thanksgiving debut all time , Disney 's Frozen , which took $ 93.6m (\u00a3 75.3m ) its release 2013 . Some observers have said Moana and its merchandise are appropriating Pacific Island culture . Disney withdrew a children 's costume promoting the film activists branded it \" brownface \" , or mocking their culture stereotyping . The costume , a full-body suit brown skin , traditional tattoos , grass skirt and bone necklace , represented the character Maui , considered a demi-god and ancestor many Polynesians . Disney said it regretted any offence . JK Rowling 's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them fell second the US chart , taking $ 65.8m (\u00a3 53m ) . Gossip surrounding Brad Pitt 's marriage break-up failed to spark a huge amount interest his World War Two romance Allied , which also stars Marion Cotillard . It took $ 18m (\u00a3 14.4m ) the long weekend , having cost $ 85m (\u00a3 68.5m ) to make , landing fourth spot Doctor Strange . Kyle Davies , Paramount 's head domestic distribution , said the film appealed \" older audiences \" but noted those \" do n't storm the theatres [ ] weekend one \" . \" I think they 're going to take their time ,\" he added . Warren Beatty fared worse - his first film 15 years , the 1950s Hollywood comedy Rules Do n't Apply , took just $ 2.2m (\u00a3 1.7m ) . The film is Beatty 's first directed feature 1998 's Bulworth . Bad Santa 2 , released 13 years the original and again starring Billy Bob Thornton , did a little better , taking $ 9m (\u00a3 7.3m ) . Follow us Facebook , Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or Instagram bbcnewsents . you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The third seed , who received a bye the first round , beat the American wildcard 6-3 6-1 just an hour . Konta , the world number 18 , hit 11 aces her way a comfortable victory . The 25-year-old will play China 's Saisai Zheng , who beat Alize Cornet her second-round match , the last eight Friday .", "It happened the Linn Road the town about 14:05 BST Sunday . The two men have been taken hospital treatment their injuries . Police have appealed anyone information the attack to contact them .", "Bingham , who won the World Championship 2015 , reached the semi-finals the 2016 event being knocked eventual winner Ronnie O'Sullivan . The 39-year-old told BBC Essex he would play this year 's tournament his wife gives birth his first-round game Joe Perry Monday . \" The only question I 'd ask myself is she actually went the day ,\" he said . \" Obviously it could happen and even now I still have n't got an answer that question . I 'd have to talk it my wife and see where we go . \" Bingham , the current world number two , said his wife has been supportive wanting him to play the tournament , which gets way Sunday . He continued : \" She 's had two previous babies and she 's been labour 10 hours , so obviously that 's the case then I 've got a bit time to ' pot some balls and hurry ' sort thing . \" I say , we need to talk the next day or two we thought it 'd be now . \" But being the stubborn Little Miss Bingham it 's going to be , I think she 's a bit too comfortable my missus' belly . \"", "The cabinet considered an urgent report Tuesday and voted to remove the section the pavilion the seaward end . The report said the risk further collapse , the council could not wait consent to begin work , is usually the case a listed building . Work the \" dangerous \" structure is expected to take about three weeks . Parts the Grade ll pier , which was already closed the public when it gave way 1 February , will be saved , catalogued and stored . Iwan Davies , chief executive the council , told the meeting : \" The dangerous nature the structure means dismantling it is dangerous . \" \u00c2 \u00a3 650,000 has been set aside the work but councillors were told there was no way knowing how much it would cost .", "The \u00c2 \u00a3 21.5m Castle Mill development Port Meadow , the River Thames , has been widely criticised ugly and spoiling the view Oxford 's skyline . The Campaign to Protect Rural England ( CPRE ) will put its case a High Court judge 23 October . The five-storey university blocks provide 439 accommodation units . The flats overlook a Site Special Scientific Interest and a Scheduled Ancient Monument . CPRE is seeking the judicial review the basis Oxford City Council not carrying an environmental impact assessment . The council has said the challenge was late the housing had already been built , and it believed the group 's claims were unfounded . Helen Marshall , director CPRE Oxfordshire , said the West Area Planning Committee \" should no circumstances be rushed making further poor decisions \" . \" We are not yet convinced the planning condition contamination has been met ,\" she added . \" And the mitigation proposals currently suggested the university are woefully inadequate to counteract the devastating impact the buildings Port Meadow and Oxford 's historic skyline . \" A few trees growing approximately half the height the buildings 15 years' time will not meet the brief ' hiding the buildings summer and softening their impact winter ' \" Key issues such the height the buildings and light pollution still need to be addressed . \" A University Oxford spokesman said it had \" thought carefully \" how best to mitigate the impact the buildings . \" Some measures have already been put place , and discussions the city council and others are ongoing what more we can do ,\" he added . \" The University will be making representations the interim hearing October the procedural issues raised the challenge . \" the meantime , we intend to finish and occupy the buildings the start the next academic year October planned . \" The city council said last month it was carrying an independent review the case . An online petition the development Roger Dudman Way has attracted more 3,000 signatures .", "Thursday , a human skull was found the M54 slip road workers doing a survey the junction four roundabout , Telford . Police confirmed the skull was an adult male and had been there at least two years . West Mercia Police said \" further skeletal remains \" were found close the skull . The eastbound entry slip road remains partially closed . Det Chief Insp Neil Jamieson said : \" We are the very early stages this investigation and inquiries are ongoing . \" He said further forensic examinations and excavations were being carried and police had been contact neighbouring forces asking information people who had been reported missing . Archaeological experts may be called to help the investigation . \" This will be a lengthy process but we will continue to update the public due course ,\" he added .", "Media playback is not supported this device Dusmatov , 23 , was awarded a unanimous points victory - two judges scoring the fight 30-27 , and one 29-28 . Martinez , 24 , is the first Olympic boxing finalist Colombia . The United States' Nico Hernandez , 20 , and 19-year-old Cuban world champion Joahnys Argilagos took bronze losing the semi-finals . Find how to get boxing our special guide . Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "The University and College Union says the 1.1 % rise offered the universities is \" an insult \" . But the Universities and Colleges Employers Association said the walkout was \" disappointing given the very good pay offer \" . Unions representing university support staff are balloting the offer , strike action possible the autumn . UCU says its members have suffered a real-terms pay cut 14. % 2009 and complains the squeeze staff salaries has come university leaders enjoyed hefty increases . \" A 1.1 % pay offer is an insult hardworking staff , especially light the 5 % pay rise vice-chancellors have enjoyed holding staff pay ,\" said general secretary Sally Hunt . \" Industrial action which impacts students is never taken lightly , but members feel they have been left no alternative . \" the employers wish to see a swift end this dispute , and avoid further disruption , they need to come back the table a much-improved offer . \" Summer exams are still running some universities , many have finished . A spokesman the employers anticipated only \" minor impact and minimal student disruption \" . \" Even examinations which are still taking place some higher education institutions , more nine 10 report a no low impact is anticipated ,\" said the spokesman . \" We would like to see the UCU consulting its members the final offer . \" The employers say the offer is \" , and , some , beyond , a limit affordability higher education institutions and the very best offer that will be available this year \" . They maintain the weighting the offer means the worst paid university staff will get a rise more 5 % . They say they have also offered talks zero-hours contracts and improving lower pay female academics . But UCU says it rejected the 1.1 % offer it was only a marginal improvement the original 1 % which it had balloted members . Ballots university support staff represented Unison and Unite are also way the improved offer , both unions recommending it be rejected . Any action would take place the autumn term , said a Unison spokeswoman . UCU is planning strike rallies : Staff are also working to contract Wednesday - refusing to set extra work , cover absent colleagues or work overtime .", "The man known Kazu , or ' King Kazu ' some fans , will stay the second division side his 49th birthday . Kazuyoshi first played Brazilian side Santos 1986 , so his deal will see his career span 30 years . \" I 'm thankful the club staff and supporters who always offer me support ,\" said Miura , who scored 55 goals 89 appearances Japan . \" I 'll continue to give everything I have and strive ,\" added the former Genoa and Dinamo Zagreb striker . Perhaps unsurprisingly , Miura holds the record the oldest scorer Japanese football - a winner a second division match four months his 48th birthday . He was particularly prolific guiding Japan the 1998 World Cup , scoring 14 goals qualifying , and last played the national side 2000 . His career , which started when he moved Brazil to play youth football aged 15 , is one the longest football history . Last week ex-England striker Teddy Sheringham registered himself a player Stevenage - where he is manager - the age 49 but opted playing a local cup competition .", "The security forces are reported to have used tear gas stone-throwing protesters . They also surrounded the hometown Burhan Wani , 22 , who was killed fighting Indian troops last year . Separately seven people are reported to have been killed shelling the Line Control that divides Indian and Pakistani-administered Kashmir . Officials the Pakistani side told Reuters five people died Indian shelling , Indian officials say two people were killed Pakistani fire . There has been an armed revolt the Muslim-majority region rule India 1989 , violence has waned recent years . The disputed region is claimed both India and Pakistan its entirety . India blames Pakistan fuelling the unrest , a claim denied Islamabad . Burhan Wani is credited reviving the image militancy Muslim-majority Indian-administered Kashmir , becoming a figurehead young people . Saturday 's violence started people tried to walk his home Tral - where he died a shootout the army last July . His death led a wave protests which dozens people were killed . The Indian authorities imposed heavy restrictions the Kashmir valley the anniversary , stopping internet access and sealing Tral . There have also been reports army personnel being injured a militant attack overnight Friday .", "The 33-year-old , who is the younger brother Harlequins number eight Nick , joined Sale 2011 six years Northampton . Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final Saints joining Nottingham . \" I 've enjoyed my time Sale , I did n't really want to go anywhere else ,\" said the back-row forward . \" It was the right time to leave my own terms , which not many people do . \" I 've had the chance these last few games just to enjoy and savour them and I 've been really lucky . \" He will now take his teaching position Wrekin College Shropshire the final game the season Newcastle Saturday . \" The last few years , I 've been tailoring my career teaching , so taking a few courses , getting schools , teaching and coaching ,\" he added . \" The opportunity just came the right time . It felt the right time me and my family . \"", "Tawel Fan ward Glan Clwyd Hospital , Denbighshire , was closed more three years ago and a report found some patients were treated animals . It has emerged at least seven patients' families were told treatment may have contributed their deaths . Betsi Cadwaladr health board said an investigation was way . It acknowledged the quality care provided could have been a contributory factor the deaths some patients . A review mortality rates the ward has never been published it is understood it has been completed . Relatives one patient told BBC Wales Today they were told medical care the ward was inadequate . Correspondence seen the programme included an apology the health board the family , who do not want to be identified . One letter said : \" Experts found there were problems the health care which may have contributed the death . \" It added \" the board is very much engaged a thorough search the truth the Tawel Fan ward \" . But the family were unconvinced lessons had been learned and said questions remained unanswered and , as far they were aware , nobody had lost their job , let alone be prosecuted . The scandal Tawel Fan pushed the already troubled health board close supervision the Welsh Government . It remains special measures which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 5m a year . An initial report what happened Tawel Fan was published almost three years ago . Two more reports are due later this year . One them , being compiled the Health and Social Care Advisory Service ( Hascas ) , is expected to include details a mortality review Tawel Fan patients . But Geoff Ryall-Harvey , who leads the patient watchdog Community Health Council north Wales , said it should be released as soon possible . \" It may stop this practice elsewhere ,\" he added . A Betsi Cadwaladr health board spokesman said : \" We acknowledge the quality care provided could have been a contributory factor the death some patients . \" this is the case will be established part the independent Hascas investigation , which is currently being carried . \" order to establish or not the quality care contributed any patients' death , every aspect every patient 's care has to be investigated . \" This is a complicated and time consuming process , but must be carried order to determine or not the care provided was a contributory factor any patients' death . \" Every family involved the investigation will receive an individual report detailing the care provided their relative . These reports will also help inform the findings the Tawel Fan investigation . \"", "Declan Paul Butcher Roe Park Court committed the ' single punch ' assaults Market Street Limavady 2 October 2014 . CCTV footage showed his first victim being knocked unconscious . A second man suffered a double jaw fracture . Butcher appeared Londonderry Crown Court Thursday . He was sentenced 14 months prison . The court heard the defendant had 51 previous convictions including eight assaults . He had also been assessed presenting a high likelihood reoffending . The judge told Butcher he had inflicted \" gratuitous violence \" two \" completely innocent \" members the public . The second man was punched and knocked when he came the first victim lying unconscious Market Street . Both men later regained consciousness hospital .", "\" Hope made a poor decision that has resulted a negative impact US Soccer and her team-mates ,\" head coach Jill Ellis said . Solo , 33 , will now miss matches 8 February France and 13 February England . This month , domestic violence charges Solo were dropped . 2012 , Solo , tested positive a banned substance a month winning a second Olympic gold medal . She maintained she was not aware the pre-menstrual medication she had been prescribed contained a banned substance and she was cleared any wrongdoing . The US are preparing the Women 's World Cup Canada June when they will aim to win their third title following victories 1991 and 1999 . The latest incident surrounding Solo concerns a training camp being held the team Carson , California . Solo 's husband , former Seattle Seahawks NFL player Jerramy Stevens , was arrested suspicion driving the influence Los Angeles the early hours Monday morning . Media reports claimed Solo was the car but she was not cited the incident Manhattan Beach police officials . Solo tweeted : \" I think it 's best me to take a break , decompress the stress the last several months and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute the team . \"", "Omar Khan , 31 , had worked The Johnson Partnership Nottingham five years he was arrested . Erlin Manahasa , Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali joined Khan admitting the same charge , 1 October and 4 December last year , Nottingham Crown Court . They are due to be sentenced 15 April . Updates this story and more Nottinghamshire The court heard the case involved the recovery 1kg ( 2.2lb ) cocaine . Digby Johnson , a partner the Johnson firm , confirmed they did not represent Khan - who had set his own office and was set to leave the company . \" I still find it hard to believe he could do something as stupid involve himself drugs and people who were heavily involved drugs ,\" Mr Johnson said . \" I 'm just a loss . You do question everything you 've ever believed anybody . \" Mr Johnson also described Khan , William Street , Huddersfield , a \" lovely guy \" who was \" incredibly hard-working \" . \" He would put hour hour ,\" he added . \" He was keen to progress and impress . \" Khan appeared the court video link to admit conspiracy to supply the Class A drug . Manahasa , no fixed address , Dibra , Joyce Avenue , Nottingham , and Ali , Chard Street , Nottingham , were remanded custody following the hearing .", "UKSE is the Tata Steel subsidiary set to assist growing companies traditional steel areas . ID Systems works the industrial and commercial utilities sector its offices Grangemouth and Glasgow . Its clients include Scottish Water , Forestry Commission and National Grid . The company , which already employs 80 staff , is looking to create the new jobs the Glasgow and Lanarkshire areas part an expansion drive. . The move comes ID Systems secured a number long-term projects , including off-site manufacturing wastewater pumping stations and water booster sets . The loan and equity backing UKSE will help fund ID System 's growth strategy . A new senior management team will be created which , UKSE , will have a shareholding the company . ID Systems finance director Stuart Devine said : \" We had a tremendous opportunity to more double the workforce the recent contract win and this funding UKSE will allow us to make that happen as smoothly possible . \" UKSE regional executive Scott Webb said : \" This long-standing , growing business will now have the structure to continue expansion the necessary funding UKSE to allow this to happen . \"", "The 70-year-old Time Team presenter joined anti-tunnel campaigners to fight the plans , saying they placed the area 's wider archaeology risk . The protest the Stonehenge Alliance was staged a consultation event London earlier . Highways England said it was working to find \" the best solution possible \" . The public consultation its plans putting the A303 a 1.8-mile ( 2.9km ) dual carriageway tunnel runs 5 March . Highways England says the move would cut congestion and improve journey times . The scheme has the backing English Heritage and the National Trust . Speaking the Society Antiquaries Burlington House , Robinson suggested a longer tunnel . He said : \" I think the proposal we are being offered is a really old-fashioned one . \" It assumes what needs to be protected is that little clump stones . \" He said it was only the past three decades archaeologists had begun to comprehend the wider significance the site . \" That 's a high-class Wiltshire Disneyland experience ,\" he said . \" it 's gone , we 'll never get that . \" you were going to protect Buckingham Palace , you would n't put a tunnel halfway the Mall . \" The Stonehenge Alliance wants other options to reduce traffic to be fully explored . Spokeswoman Dr Kate Fielden said : \" We want a genuine consultation real choice . \" Both Highways England 's options involve huge and damaging new roadworks gouged our most important ancient landscape . \" A spokesman Highways England said : \" We fully understand the cultural heritage the site and one the broad objectives the scheme is to help conserve and enhance the World Heritage Site removing the sight and sound traffic and make it easier to reach and explore . \"", "The 35-year-old joined the Iron Blackpool 2013 and has made 119 league appearances the League One side . He helped them a third-placed finish this season , they were beaten Millwall the play-off semi-finals . Bishop told the club website : \" the way the season finished , it 's a sense unfinished business and it was disappointing all us . \"", "Pawel Sroka , 33 , Meadvale Road , Croydon , was charged Saturday the murder his 29-year-old partner , Joanna Trojniak , the same address . A special post-mortem examination 24 March gave the cause death a stab wound the chest . Ms Trojniak 's next kin have been informed . Mr Sroka is due to appear Bromley Magistrates' Court 4 April .", "French President Francois Hollande expressed \" deep sadness \" the death Huguette Dupeu a statement . Most the dead the raid were foreign tourists . Two the attackers were killed security forces . A huge march terrorism is planned Sunday that will finish the Bardo museum . President Hollande is those expected the event the capital Tunis . Lyse Doucet : Tunisia 's test transition Cradle ' Arab Spring ' threat The museum 's planned reopening earlier this week was postponed security concerns . Schoolchildren and students were allowed Friday , the general public to be readmitted Monday . The attack , claimed Islamic State ( IS ) , was the deadliest Tunisia the uprising which led the overthrow long-serving ruler Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali 2011 . 20 people have been arrested connection the attack , just two gunmen are thought to have carried the raid . They are said to have been trained Libya an area controlled IS . The Tunisian Prime Minister , Habib Essid , has admitted \" shortcomings \" the country 's security system and has dismissed six police chiefs the attack .", "The imagery , released US geopolitical intelligence company Stratfor and taken 31 October , shows how almost all the buildings the airport , the southern outskirts Mosul , have been razed . Runways have also been damaged , wide trenches carved them and rubble placed their lengths , Stratfor 's analysis says . Taxiways and aprons - where aircraft park - have also been sabotaged . 50,000 Iraqi security forces , Kurdish Peshmerga fighters , Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia militiamen , assisted US-led coalition airstrikes , are currently involved a military offensive to reclaim Mosul IS militants . Government forces have already retaken dozens villages and towns surrounding the city and are currently consolidating gains made Mosul 's eastern outskirts . The damage the runways has rendered the airport worthless an asset attacking forces , says Stratfor . Airports or runways are typically a primary objective assaults cities , control them can deny or enable logistical capabilities , having a considerable impact the outcome battles . However , IS militants have ensured there is little left approaching forces to gain taking the site , Stratfor says . IS employed a similar tactic Qayyarah air base , 70km ( 43 miles ) south Mosul . However , the trenches dug there only partially covered the main runway , Stratfor says , and it was restored service months the Iraqi forces recapturing the base July . comparison , Mosul airport 's destruction could be much more difficult to repair . Mirroring the demolition Qayyarah , IS fighters have also levelled almost every structure Mosul airport . Stratfor says as well preventing Iraqi forces and their allies using the facilities , the tactic also serves to clear the line sight IS defensive positions the northern edge the airport . restoring the runways , Iraqi forces would need to rebuild hangars , warehouses and other infrastructure order to use it a logistical base . contrast the widespread destruction elsewhere the area , the images show how the city 's sugar factory remains relatively intact - testimony its utility IS . the jihadists captured Mosul June 2014 , they continued to operate the factory , says Stratfor , and more a year later , executed the plant 's manager when she refused to run it them . However , the images also show how coalition airstrikes , aimed destroying key IS positions and assets , have caused some damage the buildings . Satellite imagery released last week , showed how IS had constructed multiple barricades key routes the northern Iraqi city .", "An overrunning engineering project shut the line Reading and London Paddington the end last year . Major work , including extensive signalling improvements , is being carried the route Good Friday Easter Monday . Network Rail said it had \" hundreds buses \" ready case it overruns . Julian Burnell , Network Rail , said the disruption was needed to allow the last major stage work the Reading station redevelopment to be completed . He added : \" This is a very big project , dealing one the biggest bottlenecks anywhere the country . \" I ca n't say there 's absolutely no danger [ an overrun Easter ] , but we have done everything our power to get it finished good time . There are hundreds buses waiting that happens . \" 27 December , King 's Cross station was shut and Paddington was closed part the day engineering works took longer expected . A number projects will take place the Easter break , including a closure the line Hayes & Harlington West London and Didcot Parkway Oxfordshire further work is carried the Crossrail project .", "Plans were approved Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to drill a field St Nicholas . The permit does not allow the company to carry fracking - hydraulic fracturing the land - to extract any oil or gas . Fracking is subject a temporary ban Wales decision-making powers the practice are devolved . Natural Resources Wales said it had carried a \" thorough assessment \" the company 's plans approving them , all work including reinstatement the land to be completed 12 months . \" It 's important any activity this kind does n't harm the environment , and this permit makes it clear what Coastal Oil and Gas Limited will need to do to comply this ,\" a spokesman said . \" the work begins , our officers will regulate and monitor the site to ensure it complies the conditions the permit , to protect people and the environment . \" The permit exploratory drilling comes a moratorium fracking Wales pending devolution responsibility such decisions . August , the UK government urged councils England to speed the process approval fracking projects . However , Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant said fracking technology was \" unproven \" , and Welsh Labour ministers preferred to look renewable energy .", "Transactions carried European markets were previously recorded Luxembourg , which Amazon had a low-tax agreement . Now sales made subsidiaries the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy will be registered those countries , the retailer has said . Amazon had received heavy criticism its tax avoidance policies . \" More two years ago , we began the process establishing local country branches Amazon EU Sarl , our primary retail operating company Europe ,\" the company said a statement . \" 1 May , Amazon EU Sarl is recording retail sales made customers these branches the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy . \" Previously , these retail sales were recorded Luxembourg . \" Amazon added it was \" working opening a branch France \" . recent years , the European Union has intensified its investigations the tax deals negotiated global companies countries such Ireland , Luxembourg and the Netherlands . It suspects such deals amount illegal state aid and distort competition . Last year , the European Commission - the EU 's executive arm - launched a formal investigation Amazon 's tax arrangements Luxembourg . And the EU is also looking tech giant Apple 's tax dealings Ireland , coffee-shop chain Starbucks' dealings the Netherlands , and Italian carmaker Fiat 's agreement Luxembourg .", "Dame Sally Davies said the action the British Medical Association ( BMA ) would \" lead patients suffering \" . The strike begins England 08:00 GMT , when junior doctors will only provide emergency care . The BMA said the strikes \" demonstrated the strength feeling the profession \" . It announced three spells strike action England November , negotiations the government ended resolution . Issues being disputed the BMA and NHS include weekend pay . \" a doctor , I can understand the anger and frustration felt many junior doctors this time ,\" Dame Sally said . \" part , this dispute is a symptom frustration and low morale that has been building decades and the strain that a career medicine can place your work-life balance . \" Junior doctors are the backbone the NHS , working long and anti-social hours ... It is vital , senior medical leaders , we ask ourselves we are doing everything we can to ensure our junior colleagues feel valued . \" The planned strikes are set to take place : Conciliation service Acas has confirmed talks the BMA and NHS bosses will continue next week . Junior doctors' leaders are objecting the prospect a new contract . The government has described the current arrangements \" outdated \" and \" unfair \" , pointing they were introduced the 1990s . Ministers drew plans to change the contract 2012 , but talks broke last year . The government has indicated it will impose the new contract next year England . The BMA has responded initiating the industrial action process . Junior doctors row : What you need to know What exactly do junior doctors do ?", "The 19-year-old will now be eligible to play Barnsley the Football League Trophy final Sunday . Kenny , who joined the England Under-20 squad Easter , has so far made 13 appearances the U 's . \" He has done really well us and is enjoying his football ,\" said Oxford head coach Michael Appleton . \" He is highly thought Goodison Park and has a big future . \"", "The money Kingston Maurward College , Dorchester , will go a \u00a3 3.24m project that includes a new animal sciences building . Weymouth College has also been awarded \u00a3 0.5m its \u00a3 1.5m project to refurbish two buildings . The grants form part a \u00a3 214m investment 47 colleges England . Skills Minister Matthew Hancock said the Enhanced Renewal Grant it was to \" ensure \" investment \" first rate facilities \" . Kingston Maurward principal Clare Davison said she was \" thrilled \" the grant . She said the animal science building would include aquatic , reptile and mammal rooms , a laboratory and six teaching classrooms . She added : \" This building will help ensure we continue to deliver high quality teaching and learning to give young people the appropriate skills required to gain employment animal science-related fields . \" Construction is planned to start this summer and is expected to be completed mid-summer 2014 . The grants go plans the government 's new skills strategy to \" support the majority good and outstanding colleges \" intervening colleges are failing .", "Greg Dyke has invited Astle 's widow Laraine and his daughters , Claire and Dawn , Wembley Stadium 10 August . The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward died 2002 . A neurosurgeon said last month he died a brain condition linked boxers rather Alzheimer 's disease previously thought . Dawn Astle said : \" We want to stress the immediate message dealing head injuries and concussions , to discuss the FA 's medical policies this and work player education . \"[ The issue ] has to be taken seriously it 's lives . \" It 's not a back or knee injury , the brain is damaged it does n't repair itself and Dad is proof that . \" Ms Astle said Dr Willie Stewart , who carried a new examination Mr Astle 's brain , would also be the meeting . Astle 's family have campaigned the FA to carry research the risks heading footballs and players suffering concussion . The Justice Jeff group has also held protests West Brom games . The FA previously apologised the family not keeping them informed its work and said its rules concussion were due to be changed ahead the 2014 / 15 season . A spokesman the FA said Mr Dyke \" had been keen to meet the Astle family a long time \" to hear their concerns . It was initially believed Astle died Alzheimer 's disease , but the coroner his inquest ruled his brain had been damaged heading heavy leather balls . He played West Bromwich Albion 1964-1974 scoring 137 goals 292 league appearances .", "The 18-year-old identical twins have come the club 's academy to impress nine Premiership appearances them this season . Both play the back row and have also featured the England Under-20 side . \" They will play key parts the club 's vision developing players the academy , and bringing them through the first team ,\" Sale director rugby Steve Diamond said . The pair became only the fourth set twins to play side-by-side the Premiership when they appeared Sale 's 34-24 defeat Wasps 27 November . Tom is also the Sharks' youngest Premiership try scorer crossing his debut the 31-13 win Bristol 30 October .", "The incident happened Corbett Place and Calais View about 08:30 Thursday . Officers are now urging anyone who saw the man to get touch . He is described being his late teens or early 20s dark , curly , short hair . He is about 5ft 9in and was wearing a dark top .", "The Egypt-backed plan had envisaged a regional forum which analysts say might have forced Israel to reveal or not it has nuclear weapons . The proposal was blocked the US , the UK and Canada . The next review is set 2020 . Israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile nuclear weapons . Speaking four weeks negotiations , US Under-Secretary State Rose Gottemoeller accused Egypt and other Arab countries \" not willing to let go these unrealistic and unworkable conditions \" future talks . She also said some participants tried to \" cynically manipulate \" the whole process . But Egypt warned the failure to reach a deal \" will have consequences front the Arab world and public opinion \" , the Associated Press news agency reports . Last month , Egypt had proposed to stage a regional conference - or Israel 's participation and an agreed agenda . Some analysts suggested this move might have forced Israel - which is not a party the Treaty the Non-Proliferation Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) - to publicly clarify its position nuclear weapons . Decisions NPT review conferences - held every five years - are made consensus . The failure the current talks means the next gathering could only be held 2020 the earliest .", "The UK government has announced measures to speed development . Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant has written councils reminding them the temporary ban fracking Wales . He said fracking technology was \" unproven \" , saying Welsh ministers preferred to look renewable energy . Fracking is a process using high pressure water to break rocks deep underground to release gas and pipe it the surface . It is a major industry the United States , but there are concerns safety , the environment and underground water . There have been protests applications test drilling gas both the Vale Glamorgan and Wrexham , as well sites England . Energy Secretary Amber Rudd has stressed the UK government 's support fracking , and frustration delays its development . She has told councils England to make decisions applications 16 weeks , to stop the process being \" dragged months \" . his letter Welsh councils , Mr Sargeant said the new guidance only applied England and the moratorium Wales remained place . \" The UK government 's general support oil and gas applications is contrary the approach the Welsh Government promoting renewable and low carbon forms energy the planning system and other measures ,\" he said . \" We still see renewable energy a key element ensuring Wales achieves sustainable development the benefit future generations . \" Local planning authorities must ensure planning applications renewable energy projects are determined statutory timescales . \" Plans to devolve control fracking were confirmed the Queen 's Speech June following the Conservatives' general election victory .", "The exhibition , Dark Light , explores the work artist Victor Noble Rainbird , who was born North Shields 1887 . The largest collection to have been staged the 1930s , his favourite subjects were the North Sea and the streets and people his hometown . Curator Dave Young said there was a lot affection him the town . Many the pieces display The Old Low Light Heritage Centre North Shields have never been seen public before . Mr Young , said : \" We hope this exhibition will shed new light the life and work a remarkable man and also a much misunderstood artist . \" This is the first major exhibition his paintings to be held his hometown North Shields the artist 's lifetime and it is being held a building that he would have known well and often painted . \" Victor Noble Rainbird 's paintings are a fascinating legacy life the North East and the Great War , his own remarkable war record is only now being unravelled . \" Mr Rainbird joined the Northumberland Fusiliers 1914 when he was 26-years-old and served the Western Front Ypres , Passchendaele , Vimy Ridge and Armentieres . Some the drawings he produced active service have survived and are included the exhibition . Mr Young said they were a \" poignant , important and sombre record the horrors war \" . the war , Rainbird made several return trips France , Belgium and the Netherlands , producing some his most impressive works . He died 47 1936 . Dark Light : exploring the life and art Victor Noble Rainbird is display The Old Low Light Heritage Centre 10 July 6 September .", "Lennon , who managed Brown , now 31 , his four years Celtic boss , says the midfielder 's decision would boost Gordon Strachan 's Scotland squad . \" It is not a surprise I thought he retired too early ,\" said Lennon . \" Sometimes you can make these decisions and then think you have still got plenty to offer . \" Brown 's return the fold means Wednesday he is almost certain to be included Strachan 's squad the World Cup qualifier England Wembley 11 November . Lennon told BBC Scotland : \" I think last season his injuries took a toll him and we did n't see the best him but certainly this season he is looking far more himself again and playing very well , which will be an asset Scotland . \" I think his presence the dressing room and training ground and certainly the pitch will be felt he is not there . \" He is only 31 and there is plenty more to come him . I thought his decision was premature anyway . \" Lennon does not envisage any issues Brown returning the squad a game he believes Scotland can win . \" I do n't know how it would affect the dynamic the group but certainly I think it would pep it ,\" he added . \" It was a poor performance and result Slovakia and it might just give them the wee jag they need , having a player that quality . \" The England game is one I think they can win . It will be a British style game and there wo n't be anything the Scottish players will be surprised . \" Scotland assistant manager Mark McGhee , meanwhile , looked forward the team benefiting Brown 's leadership , saying \" example and his voice and influence , ( he ) makes other people better \" . McGhee added : \" Scott Brown is someone who I would imagine , when England are looking our squad and our team , would prefer him not to be playing . \" He looks he has coped better combining the European and league campaigns . He feels good himself and he can do both this stage . \" I would imagine he has been revitalised Brendan ( Rodgers , the Celtic manager ) . I think the manager has given him a new lease life . \" He would have made his [ original ] decision an honest way . But now he has looked it and decided it was clearly the wrong decision . \" the other players feel Scott Brown gives us a better chance winning the game , they will be delighted to have him back . \"", "The bird 's head and wings became stuck the wire fence Bethesda it was chasing a wood pigeon . RSPCA Inspector Mike Pugh , who freed the animal , said : \" The buzzard was feisty , but luckily , had not had much feather damage . \" I released the bird back the wild where he belongs straight away . \"", "The Communication Workers Union said the walkout would start Monday 19 December and include Christmas Eve . It will involve thousands workers the Crown Post Offices . The Post Office said the walkout it would be \" business usual \" \" least \" 97 % its 11,600 branches not involved . Crown Post Offices are the larger branches that are usually located High Streets . April 2016 , the Post Office announced plans to transfer 61 branches WH Smith stores the following year . It said the move was part a 10-year plan to cut costs and save cash , and would act a way \" safeguarding the future the network . \" \" Our members want the Post Office management to pause its closure and privatisation programme , hold its planned pensions changes , and commit sitting us and the other key stakeholders this Great British institution and , together , construct a lasting vision ,\" said CWU assistant secretary Andy Furey . The Post Office said it was \" extremely disappointed \" the CWU 's action . \" Just today , we agreed the CWU we would resume talks , which have been ongoing the summer , Wednesday ,\" added Kevin Gilliland , the Post Office 's network and sales director .", "More 60,000 vials , said to contain anabolic steroids , were recovered an operation Garda ( Irish police ) , customs and a medicine watchdog . Human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills were also found Thursday 's raids Muff and Lifford . A man his 30s was arrested , but later released charge . The Health Products Regulatory Authority , the Republic 's medicine watchdog , said evidence an illegal manufacturing operation had been found . The PSNI had carried further searches Northern Ireland , it said .", "He welcomed Taoiseach ( Irish prime minister ) Enda Kenny 's comments a possible referendum Irish unity . DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was \" being mischievous \" . The taoiseach said Brexit talks should consider a clause the Good Friday Agreement could result the calling a referendum . his remarks reporters Monday the annual MacGill Summer School Glenties , County Donegal , Mr Kenny said the triggering a border poll required \" clear evidence a majority people wishing to leave the UK and join the Republic \" . He added : \" It may be , the eyes some , a fanciful theory but who knows what happens 10 , 20 years time ? \" Adams responded calling all parties supporting a united Ireland \" to discuss how best this can be achieved . \" \" the context the north being dragged the EU England , there is now a greater opportunity to achieve this ,\" he said . North Antrim MP Mr Paisley said Secretary State James Brokenshire and his predecessor , Theresa Villiers , had both ruled holding a referendum . \" It 's not going to happen ,\" he said . \" We all know the next nine months Enda Kenny is not going to be taoiseach . So , he 's really just being mischievous. ,\" Mr Paisley added . Ulster Unionist MLA Jenny Palmer described Mr Kenny 's comments \" much ado nothing \" . She said , the wake the EU referendum , the Stormont executive 's priority should be \" to convince the people Northern Ireland they have a plan the way forward our economy , our farmers , our voluntary and community groups , our universities and everyone else who depends heavily EU funding and support . \"", "The Shrimps lost their opening game the season newly-promoted Grimsby but then knocked Championship side Rotherham the EFL Cup 5-4 and have won three straight league games . \" It 's nice but it is early days ,\" 40-year-old Bentley told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" You 're never too high and never too low and I keep saying that . \" He added : \" It 's important everyone keeps their feet the ground - likewise when you have a sticky spell that everyone keeps check and sticks together . \" Kevin Ellison , 37 , got the only goal the game Morecambe 's 1-0 win Yeovil Saturday moved them the top the league . \" People say his age and this and that but you work him day in , day you see how he rubs other people ,\" added Bentley Ellison . \" His desire , his attitude training and his own recovery and own professionalism , he 's a credit himself and his family . \" A lot young people should look him and the country he is that good what he does . \"", "Shiv Kumar Yadav has also been charged \" criminal intimidation \" the 26-year-old woman , reports said . The victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home but said she was taken a secluded area and raped . Delhi later banned Uber and several other web-based taxi firms failing to carry adequate driver checks . the driver has not yet given a statement public , police say he has confessed the crime . They say he has also been identified the victim . Rape and the issue sexual violence Indian women have been the spotlight recent years ever a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang-raped and murdered Delhi December 2012 . The crime prompted global outrage and a tightening the laws sexual violence , but correspondents say they have failed to act a deterrent . Earlier this month , five men were arrested Calcutta kidnapping and repeatedly raping a Japanese student . And the northern Indian state Uttar Pradesh , two policemen were arrested allegedly abducting and raping a teenager .", "Cassells , 22 , and Scrimgeour clocked six minutes and 29.63 seconds to finish ahead Denmark and China . The British duo won the title the non-Olympic class France last year . Meanwhile Ireland 's Olympic silver medallist Paul O'Donovan , 22 , won his lightweight single sculls semi-final . The Skibbereen man , who clinched Olympic silver the lightweight double sculls Rio his brother Gary , produced a strong late burst to come fourth the halfway stage to win his semi-final 6:51.71 . Slovenian Rajko Hrvat finished second 6:52.31 Germany 's Konstantin Steinhuebel clinching the third qualifying spot Saturday 's final . The Rotterdam championships features non-Olympic classes . Irish duo Mark O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll will compete Cassells and Scrimgeour Saturday 's lightweight pairs final finishing second their semi-final the French boat . The British pair were the fastest qualifiers final , ahead the Danes ( 6:30.12 ) and France ( 6:30.56 ) , the Irish duo next quickest 6:32.18 . winning gold their class last year 's World Championships France , Cassells and Scrimgeour retained the European title Brandenburg May .", "The 22-year-old , who has signed a one-year contract , joins defender Craig Barr and striker Mark Stewart the Scottish Championship club . Johnston came Kilmarnock 's youth ranks to make the Premiership side 's first team . But he moved Kirkcaldy last summer and played 34 times . Barr , 30 , had been Stark 's Park three seasons leaving Airdrieonians and played 17 times Rovers dropped League One . The 29-year-old Stewart joined Rovers the same time , Derry City , and scored five times 36 appearances last season .", "Doors the event Glasgow Green will open 14:00 . TRNSMT is being held what was traditionally the weekend the T the Park festival , which is not taking place this year . Other bands appearing the weekend include include Kasabian , Biffy Clyro and The Kooks . The acts will play three stages Scotland 's newest music festival , highlights being broadcast every evening a BBC Scotland programme presented Edith Bowman . Radiohead will headline the opening night , Kasabian headlining Saturday and Biffy Clyro closing the festival Sunday . Organisers DF Concerts announced TRNSMT January , two months saying it was suspending T the Park to \" take stock \" a challenging two years the festival moved Strathallan Balado . The promoter said \" continued restrictions \" had had a \" negative impact \" festival-goers . T the Park 's first year Strathallan 2015 was plagued traffic problems . Two teenagers died the 2016 festival separate incidents , witnesses reported fights and illicit drug use the campsite area . Police Scotland said Wednesday security would be tight TRNSMT following the recent terror attacks Manchester and London , armed police patrolling the venue and bag searchers being carried festival-goers . Officers also warned there would be a zero-tolerance approach drug-taking and anyone found illegal substances would be arrested . Flares , smoke devices and other pyrotechnics are banned the festival area and anyone who is drunk will not be allowed entry .", "The reactor Yongbyon has been the source plutonium North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme . The White House said North Korea should \" focus instead fulfilling its international obligations \" . The reactor was shut 2007 part a disarmament-for-aid deal . But Pyongyang vowed to restart it 2013 , following its third nuclear test and high regional tensions . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the international community would not accept North Korea a nuclear state . \" We will work our partners the context the six-party talks to try to return North Korea a posture fulfilling those commitments that they have made ,\" he said . \" We will repeat our call North Korea should refrain the irresponsible provocations that aggravate regional tension and should focus instead fulfilling its international obligations and commitments . \" Six-nation talks involving South Korea , the US , China , Japan and Russia aimed ending the North 's nuclear programme have been stalled 2009 . Experts believe , when fully operational , the Yongbyon reactor can make one nuclear bomb 's worth plutonium year . A US think-tank said this year satellite images suggested work had started the Yongbyon complex . But Tuesday 's announcement was the first official confirmation North Korea it had restarted operations there . The state-run news agency KCNA said North Korea was improving its nuclear weapons \" quality and quantity \" . It said the North was ready to face US hostility \" nuclear weapons any time \" . However , experts say North Korea 's nuclear capabilities are unclear . Pyongyang claims it has made a device small enough to fit a nuclear warhead a missile , which it could launch its enemies . But US officials have cast doubt the claim . North Korea has made bellicose threats its neighbours and the US before , often to coincide annual joint military exercises held South Korea and US forces . The two Koreas remain technically war , the 1950-1953 war ended an armistice , not a peace treaty .", "Andrew Bedford , 27 , Huntingdon Cambridgeshire , was last seen September 1990 . Officers reopened the investigation April , and discovered human bones land Stocking Fen Road Ramsey . A 64-year-old man Ramsey has been arrested . Mr Bedford was last seen the evening 28 September Factory Bank , Great Whyte , Ramsey . Three people were arrested connection his disappearance but no-one was charged . April , Cambridgeshire Police reopened the investigation a murder inquiry , saying they believed he had been shot . Detectives think Mr Bedford was killed a shotgun sometime the evening 28 September a garage called Mongrel Cars , which no longer exists , Ramsey . They began searching land the town April . Bones \" consistent being human \" were found scenes crime officers , forensic scientists and detectives the 13-day operation . Det Ch Insp Martin Brunning , who is leading the murder inquiry , said : \" The bones were discovered a painstaking search the area we had identified being interest . \" An expert forensic anthropology has assisted the investigation and the bones will now be subject DNA testing and much more intrusive forensic analysis . \" Mr Bedford was last seen eating a takeaway a light blue Ford Cortina car . He was wearing overalls , a khaki jumper , jeans and trainers . He was described 5ft 8in ( 1.72m ) , medium build mousey blond , curly , shoulder-length hair and had a number tattoos . Mr Brunning said he was \" confident \" local people held additional information that would help \" bring resolution Andrew 's family \" .", "The Joyce twins starred the Irish made it three wins three Bangkok Tuesday . Isobel bagged four wickets Zimbabwe were dismissed a paltry 78 Ciecilia top-scored 36 to help Ireland 79-3 15.2 overs . Victory Scotland will secure a place next year 's World Twenty20 . The top two teams the qualifying tournament will take the game 's elite India . Ireland have avoided a meeting tournament favourites Bangladesh but face a tough encounter the Scots Thursday . Zimbabwe also came Tuesday 's game Terdthai Cricket Ground a 100 % record Group B but they were outclassed the Irish . Isobel Joyce took 4-20 and Robyn Lewis 2-9 Zimbabwe were skittled 19 overs . The target was easily achieved Clare Shillington ( 22 ) and Cecilia Joyce put an opening partnership 48 .", "Colchester Hospital was rated inadequate a recent Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) inspection found it was relying \" unsuitable \" agency staff . Norman Betchley died 2009 he was mistakenly fed a pill an agency nurse . The hospital said the CQC report did not reflect improvements it has made . Inspectors said the hospital demonstrated \" poor leadership \" and \" only a limited capacity to improve \" . Staff were let agency workers , who were not as committed and were \" unsuitable terms their skills and knowledge \" . Mr Betchley 's daughter Linda said she feels angry \" nothing has changed \" he died . More this story BBC Local Live Essex She added : \" the time they said there was a deficit trained staff and there was a breakdown management and the girl was thrown the deep end . \" Many the items raised this most recent report were raised back then . I do n't see them being addressed soon . \" There is no leadership , there is no support the actual nurses the wards . \" Chief executive Frank Sims , who started the role last month , admitted its biggest challenge is \" reducing our dependency agency staff . \" \" We have got more staff employed now we have ever had , and September we have recruited 75 more qualified nurses but we have still got a long way to go . \" The trust which runs the hospital has been special measures 2013 . The CQC has recommended it remains special measures the next three months , which time it must submit a weekly improvement plan . Mr Sims said his intention is to \" focus entirely getting special measures this year \" .", "Media playback is not supported this device Cavendish , who has won 30 stages the Tour France , came sixth the first six events - the scratch race . He was second fastest the individual pursuit and seventh the elimination race three more events Monday . Becky James broke the women 's sprint Olympic record qualification and is Monday 's quarter-finals fellow Briton Katy Marchant . Cavendish , 31 , began his campaign a hard-fought sixth-placed finish the scratch race , Denmark 's Lasse Norman Hansen , the London 2012 Olympic champion and Roger Kluge took the top two spots gaining a lap the field . the individual pursuit , Cavendish recorded a time four minutes 16.878 seconds and caught reigning world champion Colombian Fernando Gaviria Rendon the process . That temporarily gave the Manxman the outright lead , Hansen set a new Olympic record 4:14:982 , beating Sir Bradley Wiggins' time set 2008 , to win his second event a row . However , Hansen dropped first sixth overall he was the first rider to fall the elimination race which sees the rider last position the end every second lap ejected the race . Cavendish was looking comfortable other riders dropped but he was ejected , not being the last rider the line , when he overtook a rider the inside the track , and was awarded seventh place . France 's Thomas Boudat , the 2014 world champion , leads 106 points , two more Italy 's Elia Viviani who won the elimination race , Cavendish third 96 points . The fourth event - the time trial - starts 14:21 BST Monday , the flying lap and points race events . Wales' James won a silver medal the keirin Saturday and maintained her good form Sunday she set a new Olympic record the sprint qualification . James recorded a time 10.721 seconds to beat the 10.724 set fellow Briton Victoria Pendleton the 2012 Olympics London . That saw James become the fastest qualifier and she comfortably beat Olga Ismayilova Azerbaijan a margin 0.165 secs to move the quarter-finals , which take place 14:00 BST Monday . Marchant also advanced style she defeated Canada 's Monique Sullivan posting the second fastest qualification time . Australia 's defending champion Anna Meares was beaten Lithuania 's Simona Krupeckaite but won a repechage race to reach the last eight . Media playback is not supported this device Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "Finance Minister M\u00e1irt\u00edn \u00d3 Muilleoir made the announcement part a reallocation funds known a monitoring round . He said when added the last monitoring round it means the executive has allocated an additional \u00a3 200m health 2016 / 17 . Health accounts half Stormont 's departmental spending . Last week , Health Minister Michelle O'Neill said her department needed \" significant additional funding \" to meet growing demand . When asked Tuesday any the money would be allocated waiting lists , Ms O'Neill said she \" would make her decisions the allocations the additional resources as soon possible the next few days \" . So how will the money be spent ? this stage there is little detail . However , the health minister 's statement it seems the money will go directly unscheduled care which includes emergency departments . It will also be directed those areas hospitals which often experience bed blocking - when patients cannot be discharged there is nowhere them to be cared the community , including their own homes . Read more . Other reallocations include \u00a3 30m schools \u00a3 5m that special educational needs . There is also \u00a3 25m roads maintenance and building schemes and \u00a3 20m further education . Mr \u00d3 Muilleoir said there have been no new spending cuts pressure budgets \" a result the Westminster austerity agenda \" . A large slice the money which has been reallocated is \u00a3 30m which had been set aside to mitigate cuts tax credits . However , the money is no longer needed that purpose the chancellor reversed his plan to cut tax credits .", "Just days dropping a supreme court action , the twins filed a fresh lawsuit the company . It claims Facebook \" intentionally or inadvertently suppressed evidence \" their previous litigation . Originally , Tyler and Cameron accused Mr Zuckerberg stealing their idea to create the site . The story the feud formed the core the 2010 film \" The Social Network \" . The row dates 2003 when the Winklevosses hired Mr Zuckerberg to write code their ConnectU site Harvard . He never did , but instead set Facebook , which quickly became a success the world . A court case who did what was resolved 2008 when the parties agreed a financial settlement , reportedly worth $ 65m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 41m ) . January 2011 the Winklevosses tried to reopen the case , seeking more money . However , a US appeals court ruled April they would have to accept the settlement . The twins initially said they would appeal the settlement , but decided this week not to pursue that legal avenue . the most recent suit filed Thursday the US District Court Massachusetts , the Winklevosses and their business partner Divya Narendra said Facebook hid some crucial information them settlement proceedings . The twins said Mr Zuckerberg did not disclose some important documents regards the relationship him and the brothers they were Harvard . Facebook 's outside counsel Neel Chatterjee said a statement : \" These are old and baseless allegations that have been considered and rejected previously the courts . \"", "The teenage pedestrian was knocked a Ford Focus Oldgate Lane , Thrybergh , Rotherham , Saturday , said South Yorkshire Police . The car involved was thought to have been travelling Dalton the time and its driver was not injured the crash . Police have appealed any witnesses to contact them .", "He had rejected a move Birmingham Wednesday but has now agreed personal terms and passed his medical . Stewart , who was the final year his contract Dens Park , had scored six goals three games Dundee already this season . He could make his Blues debut Saturday 's Championship match Leeds . Stewart is Birmingham 's second signing the week following the arrival striker Che Adams Sheffield United . Birmingham opened their Championship campaign a goalless draw Cardiff City and were knocked the EFL Cup League One side Oxford United Tuesday 's first-round tie .", "The former private , who is her 20s , has accepted a conditional caution misconduct a public office . The woman has agreed to make a payment \u00c2 \u00a3 40 an armed forces charity . She was arrested her Nottinghamshire home the Metropolitan Police 's Operation Elveden inquiry alleged corrupt payments public officials . a statement , the CPS outlined details the offence but did not name the newspaper or the barracks . CPS lawyer Gregor McGill said : '' The evidence this case was considered very carefully and there was sufficient evidence to prosecute this offence , when considering the public interest it was decided a conditional caution was an appropriate course action . '' accepting a conditional caution , an individual accepts responsibility the offending set . '' The former soldier was arrested September . She was the 87th person to be held part Operation Elveden , which was launched the phone-hacking scandal the News the World newspaper . The operation was established to investigate allegations inappropriate payments police but was widened January 2012 to include other public officials . It is being overseen the Independent Police Complaints Commission .", "The Care Inspectorate gave Nithsdale House Pollokshields , Glasgow , a score one - the lowest possible - three areas examined . Weaknesses Drumpellier Lodge the city 's Bargeddie area were also found . The home received the second lowest rating three areas examined . The inspections took place February . An unannounced inspection visit was carried Nithsdale House , Shields Road , Pollokshields , 21 February . The care home , which is run Lotus Senior Living Ltd , was given a score one ( unsatisfactory ) its quality care and support ; its quality environment and its quality staffing . The home 's quality management and leadership received the second lowest score two ( weak ) . Inspectors also noted there had been \" very little progress \" following an earlier inspection which had already highlighted concerns . A spokesman the Care Inspectorate said : \" We continue to have serious concerns the quality care being provided residents this service . \" we noted some improvement some areas following a previous inspection , significant concerns remain the service 's performance relation ensuring the health and wellbeing residents . \" The spokesman said inspectors had \" observed poor practice relation administering medication \" . He added : \" We have informed the service the improvements which it must make to ensure residents' needs are met and their rights respected . \" We will continue to work them to ensure they improve , but we see evidence significant improvement , we will not hesitate to take further action . \" An unannounced inspection visit was carried Drumpellier Lodge , Coatbridge Road , Bargeddie , 6 February . The care home , which is run Clancare Ltd , was given a score two ( weak ) its quality care and support ; its quality management and leadership and its quality staffing.Inspectors found 10 requirements improvement , made a previous inspection , were not met . A spokesman the Care Inspectorate said : \" We continue to have concerns the quality care and support being provided this service and are working closely them to ensure they meet the standards we expect . \" We have told the service the areas it must take urgent action to improve . \" we are not satisfied improvement is being made we will not hesitate to take further action . \"", "Officers were called Derby Road , Enfield 15:30 GMT Saturday reports a gun being seen a car . A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the reported car was stopped 16:00 GMT and the four men inside were arrested . They are currently being held a north London police station .", "The company said Lancaster 's Caton Road substation went offline 11:00 BST , leaving parts the city and nearby Morecambe and Carnforth power . Power supplies resumed 16:30 BST the remaining 10,000 properties 53,000 had theirs restored earlier . The firm said it was not yet known what caused the outage and thanked customers their \" support \" . A flood the facility Storm Desmond 2015 left 55,000 power . The outage resulted travel problems , many traffic lights not working , and caused disruption schools , universities and businesses . Lancaster town hall closed the outage was dealt . It later reopened but Lancaster City Council tweeted it \" can only deal basic enquiries \" . Salt Ayre Leisure Centre Lancaster was closed and it only accepted cash payments when it reopened . Lancaster University was affected and tweeted wi-fi is available the chaplaincy centre , security lodge and information systems services . The university 's student union sent a tweet telling students who were facing exams to turn usual . St John 's Hospice and Lancaster Cathedral both tweeted power had returned .", "The plans the development the Hatchfield Farm estate Newmarket , Suffolk , had been approved Forest Heath District Council . But last year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision . Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart ruled Mr Javid 's decision was fatally inconsistent and \" plainly deficient \" . The case will now have to be reconsidered . Mr Justice Gilbart , sitting London , quashed the refusal , saying : \" The secretary state has performed a complete and unexplained volte-face his assessment the highways impacts two proposals development the same site Newmarket and has also failed to apply his own National Planning Policy Framework . \" The judge said : \" There is any view a requirement more land housing and other economic development the Forest Heath District . \" Edward Stanley , the 19th Earl Derby , brought the legal challenge Moulton Parish Council and the Rural Parishes Alliance . The judge said local parish councils had some time argued growth the area should not be dispersed the rural parishes but concentrated Newmarket . Newmarket Horsemen 's Group and some others were concerned development the town \" may have an adverse effect the horseracing industry that is based there \" and lead increased traffic . A spokesman Lord Derby said : \" The secretary state now has a second chance to determine the application . He should take full account the significant benefits the planning application will bring Newmarket when making a decision . \" The Department Communities and Local Government said : \" We have received this judgment and will now consider our response . \"", "The call was made a scrutiny meeting the council to discuss the problems surrounding the new vessel . Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing Cowes would be free 2 July \" recognition the problems \" and to allow feedback . Mr Stewart said the council had ordered a review the project auditors . He said it had been a \" frustrating and disappointing start \" the ferry . launching late 14 May the chain ferry has broken , run aground and been suspended the Maritime and Coastguard Agency \" training issues \" . Cars have also been damaged getting and off . Shopkeeper Angie Booth , who owns Valu-4-U East Cowes , said : \" I come this and survive I am not sure - other businesses too . We are bearing the brunt the loss almost six months trade . \" Will you compensate local businesses , the same damaged cars ? \" Transport councillor Ian Ward said compensation was discussion . He added : \" I do n't think it 's a disaster . It 's a prototype . There are bound to be teething problems . There were electrical problems which the company has rectified . \" He said the council authorised the manufacture ramp extensions to resolve the problem vehicles scraping the concrete . He said groundings were an issue seamanship , which had been resolved .", "The 24-year-old Tunisia international , who initially joined Lille a season-long loan last summer , has agreed a three-year contract Les Dogues . Sliti has made just five appearances his return the 2017 African Cup Nations - where he played all four matches Tunisia exited the tournament the quarter-finals . He has played 16 games Lille , scoring once - November 's 4-2 home victory Caen . Sliti , who began his career Sedan moving Paris FC 2013 , has won 11 caps his country and scored three goals . Lille are 11th the table going Saturday 's fixture Metz .", "3 February 2016 Last updated 08:07 GMT The British astronaut has been up there six weeks , but took time to speak children and share some experiments . Leah went to meet some kids lucky enough to be able to talk direct the astronaut ...", "Media playback is not supported this device The Newtownards man became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title 117 years when he triumphed the scratch race Belarus . Irvine , 28 , also won silver the points race the World Championships plus a World Cup gold Manchester and a European bronze this year . \" This is a tremendous honour ,\" said seven-times Irish champion Irvine . \" I want to thank BBC Northern Ireland this award it is fantastic recognition everything that has happened the past year and also the sport cycling which has been going somewhat resurgence popularity recently . \" I 'm really looking forward the next year the Commonwealth Games , the World Championships and hopefully the Giro d'Italia . \" any luck I will be chatting some the guys BBC Sport NI a podium sometime next year ! \" winning his historic world gold and silver Belarus February , Irvine then suffered a fractured hip a road race event Taiwan a month later which ruled him August . However , the battling Irvine regained his fitness to win bronze the European Track Championships Netherlands taking victory the World Cup points event Manchester two weeks later . The judging panel Northern Ireland sports journalists chose Irvine ahead runner-up AP McCoy and motorcyclist Michael Dunlop . Others shortlisted the award were boxer Carl Frampton , Ireland cricket captain William Porterfield and triathlon star Aileen Reid . The panel judges comprised Shane Glynn , editor Sport BBC NI , BBC NI sports reporter Nikki Gregg , Belfast Telegraph sports editor Stephen Beacom , Kenny Archer the Irish News , News Letter sports editor Richard Mulligan and author and freelance journalist Orla Bannon . \" Once again the judging panel had a tough decision to make this year but we felt Martyn 's achievements were just outstanding ,\" said BBC NI sports editor Glynn . \" I 'm delighted he 's been voted BBC Northern Ireland 's Sports Personality the Year 2013 . \" To become a world champion , literally an hour winning a silver medal another discipline , is nothing short phenomenal . \" And to beat the likes AP McCoy and Michael Dunlop this award speaks volumes Martyn 's achievements . \"", "A major emergency had been declared the airport the Italian C-27J aircraft lost communication . It was escorted Prestwick RAF Typhoons a precaution and landed incident shortly 20:00 . Police Scotland said the C-27J had been flying Iceland Italy . Flights are believed to have been delayed a short time Glasgow and Edinburgh , but Scottish airspace was not closed . Prestwick Airport also remained open , and a Ryanair passenger flight Malta took a short time the Italian plane landed . A video posted Facebook the Ayrshire News newspaper appeared to show the civilian aircraft landing the airport . The Typhoons did not land . Photographs the scene posted social media showed several emergency service vehicles which had been summoned the scene a precaution . A spokesman the Ministry Defence said : \" Typhoon aircraft were launched this evening RAF Lossiemouth to intercept a civilian aircraft which was causing concern air traffic control authorities . \" The aircraft was safely escorted Prestwick airport and the local police now have the lead . \"", "Bomb disposal officers were sent Birmingham 's Lee Bank area Friday and nearby roads were closed and cordoned . The men , two aged 32 and 37 were arrested Stoke-on-Trent and three others , aged 18 , 24 and 28 , were arrested Birmingham . Magistrates granted police a further seven days to question the men . Detectives the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit appeared London 's Westminster Magistrates' Court video link Saturday to submit their request a warrant further detention , a spokesman said . The men were arrested suspicion being concerned the commission , preparation or instigation acts terrorism . Ch Supt Sue Southern , West Midlands Police , said : \" The arrests the five men were intelligence led and our investigation continues full pace . \" A number properties the Stoke and Birmingham areas have been searched part the investigation . The BBC understands the force was dealing two suspect devices that were found a business Lee Bank Friday .", "Coverage will be BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app . The two teams faced Patras , Greece , earlier this month , European title contenders Greece running winners , 92-64 . Three members that team will be missing the Copper Box , however , offering GB a chance revenge . \" I think it 's going to be amazing - I 'm Stratford I love playing there [ the Copper Box ],\" said GB guard Teddy Okereafor . \" This is the level we need to be playing to make sure we 're 100 % ready EuroBasket this year . \" We 've got a couple guys who are going to be playing the first time London it 's going to be exciting them - I think the atmosphere 's going to be great . \" The game will be Britain 's only home game they compete FIBA EuroBasket 2017 , which starts the beginning September a qualifying group Istanbul , Turkey . they play Greece , coach Joe Prunty 's team travel a four-team tournament Poland , their last warm-up games EuroBasket starts . ( BST ) 17:30-19:30 - BBC iPlayer 17:30-19:30 - BBC Sport website", "The breach happened 10 days ago when the council 's website service provider , which is based England , was targeted hackers . The City Edinburgh Council assured those affected no other personal details were accessed . Officials have warned a potential increase spam or phishing emails . They said the incident had been reported both the Information Commissioner and the UK Government 's Computer Emergency Response Team and extra security measures had been put place . A council spokeswoman said : \" This was a malicious cyber attack the council 's website which is hosted a UK data centre . It was dealt swiftly and no point were any council services affected . \" We are contacting everyone who has been affected to inform them the incident and offer them advice and support . We have reassured individuals the only details that have been accessed are their email addresses . \" The Information Commissioner 's Office has been informed and preventative measures have been taken the web service providers . \" We want to reassure the public the ongoing security our website is critically important , and we continue to work our service providers to ensure the risks associated attacks are dealt . \"", "\" We have big ideas the future , and part making them happen is building Instagram a sustainable business ,\" it said . Ads will appear a few months and involve just a handful firms . Instagram was bought Facebook $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 619m ) , but has never made a profit . The company , which now has 150 million users , has been a favourite consumers but has long left analysts wondering how it could turn enthusiasm photographers a business model . Early efforts Instagram to generate revenue were met user backlash , such when the company changed the terms service to seemingly indicate it would own user images and could sell those images advertisers . The failure this move was acknowledged the company 's posting . \" always , you own your own photos and videos . The introduction advertising wo n't change this ,\" it said . an interview earlier this year the BBC , Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom said Instagram must \" fund its own future . \" Social media advertising is a booming business the US . According research firm eMarketer , advertisers will spend $ 9.5bn social network ads worldwide this year . Facebook has boosted its efforts to gain a larger share this ad spending . This year , the company 's share global mobile ad revenues will rise 15.8 % 5.35 % last year .", "The star TV series Dexter and Six Feet Under , Hall played the lead role Bowie 's musical Lazarus , which premiered shortly his death . He will perform the title song , which opens the line : \" Look here , I 'm heaven \" , and was widely interpreted Bowie 's personal epitaph . The song also appears Bowie 's Mercury-nominated Blackstar album . Other nominees include Laura Mvula , The 1975 , Kano and Bat Lashes . Radiohead are also shortlisted their album A Moon Shaped Pool . It is their fifth nomination - but they have yet to win the \u00c2 \u00a3 25,000 prize . The band , who are a brief break their world tour , are not expected to perform the ceremony , but most the other acts will appear . the night , the 12 nominated albums will be cut six finalists , one whom will be chosen a public vote . A panel judges , including Jarvis Cocker , Annie Mac and Wolf Alice frontwoman Ellie Rowsell , will then choose the overall winner . The full list nominees is : Read more the nominees The 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize takes place the Hammersmith Apollo Thursday , 15 September . There will be full coverage BBC Music News LIVE , and the BBC red button and the ceremony will be broadcast live BBC Four 21:00 BST . Follow us Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , Instagram bbcnewsents , or you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Gurpal Virdi , 56 , Hounslow , west London , was acquitted the jury Southwark Crown Court . Mr Virdi had denied indecently assaulting a male prisoner and misconduct public office . The charges dated back or 7 November 1986 . the trial Mr Virdi accused the Metropolitan Police bringing the criminal case him part a 17-year campaign to \" hound \" him the force . The retired detective claimed the police had tried to discredit him he gave evidence the Stephen Lawrence inquiry racism the police force . He told jurors : \" This is a typical reaction a department that has hounded me 1998 , investigating me and following me around and bugging my phone . Mr Virdi retired the Metropolitan Police 2012 30 years service .", "Mr Cairns said it would be \" completely wrong \" to remain the EU 's single market both major UK parties told voters they wanted to leave . But he played differences the Welsh Government Brexit . The UK government is pressure to change its approach leaving the EU , which critics call a \" hard Brexit \" . Mr Cairns 's predecessor , Stephen Crabb , claimed the election had changed the terms the Brexit debate . The Preseli Pembrokeshire MP is backing calls Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson Theresa May to adopt a more flexible approach that achieves a consensus parties . Mr Crabb told BBC Wales : \" The majority business opinion Wales and the UK supports Britain staying the single market and staying the customs union but still coming the European Union legally . \" And I think that argument needs to get looked far more closely and we ca n't achieve a satisfactory deal based membership the single market we need something that is pretty close it it 's going to achieve the consensus that it needs to the parties . \" Wales Office Minister Guto Bebb said the process listening devolved governments had begun . \" It is seven times more important now the result the election the devolved countries have a real voice the process leaving the European Union ,\" he said . Mr Cairns , newly re-appointed his role , said he wanted Brexit negotiations , due to start next week , to focus the right outcome businesses trading freely . \" We 've talked frictionless trade , the Welsh Government have talked unfettered access . These are one and the same things ,\" he said . \" Even the Labour Party do n't want to remain part the single market it would be completely wrong to stay the single market when the two largest parties are opposed that . \" But Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP Simon Hart echoed Mr Crabb 's call cross-party consensus . He said he did not buy the idea Theresa May has had \" an unquestionably difficult time which she takes some the blame \" it means \" it 's game over \" .", "They held private meetings Theresa May the wake the Hillsborough inquests , which ended April . Jurors found the fans who died a result the 1989 crush were unlawfully killed . The families also complained the conduct South Yorkshire Police . They called the home secretary to put the force remedial measures . It is understood the proposed ' Hillsborough Law ' would seek to place a further onus those public office to cooperate positively investigations . The families were told developments two ongoing criminal investigations the disaster the meetings the home secretary , which were held Warrington . Theresa May has previously praised the dignity and determination the victims' relatives . Chair the Hillsborough Family Support Group , Margaret Aspinall , whose son James died the disaster , said : \" I myself the very first time felt - I 'm sure the families did as well - last there 's a home secretary that 's actually listening them . \" The home secretary has met some Hillsborough families before , but this is the first time she 's spoken directly them the inquests ended . Theresa May spent several hours Warrington , meeting separately the two main groups relatives . The atmosphere was said to be heated , some the families complaining directly her the conduct South Yorkshire Police the inquests . Some relatives asked assurances there will be criminal prosecutions , and I 'm told they wanted to make sure the home secretary personally understood the emotional toll that the two-year inquests have taken . the Hillsborough families welcomed the jury 's finding unlawful killing , they know many months uncertainty lie ahead they find criminal trials will follow . The Independent Police Complaints Commission revealed 19 people have refused to assist their probe the conduct officers West Midlands Police , which investigated the tragedy . The watchdog has now handed files suspects the Crown Prosecution Service its largest-ever inquiry alleged criminality and alleged police misconduct . The IPCC has contacted 258 officers and staff members involved the investigation the tragedy and a total 161 statements have been taken . The watchdog said : \" Our intention remains to submit full files evidence the CPS the turn the year to enable decisions to be made any individuals should be charged . \"", "North Wales Police were called the incident involving a silver Ford Transit truck Nantlle Road , Talysarn , Gwynedd , Friday afternoon . The woman was flown Ysbyty Gwynedd Bangor air ambulance , but later died . Police are appealing witnesses the incident .", "Following flooding Brunton Park , Carlisle have three ' home ' fixtures neutral grounds and beat Notts County Preston 's Deepdale Saturday . Stanley 's last two home games were postponed waterlogging . \" I 'm really upset how the league 's handled the Carlisle affair ,\" Coleman told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" We are now games Carlisle . We 've had two postponements and they 've been allowed to play elsewhere and I do n't think it 's right or fair . \" I do n't think it 's fair the rest the 23 teams who have to go Carlisle when some teams wo n't have to go there . \" I just do n't think it 's anywhere any shape or form fair . \" I 've got nothing Carlisle , I wish them all the best their ventures and what they do , but it 's shifting the rules . \" I 've got every sympathy the people that have lost belongings and homes , I 'm not decrying any that - I 'm just saying strictly a football point view it 's an unfair advantage to play another ground . \" The Cumbrians will also play upcoming matches Blackburn 's Ewood Park and Blackpool 's Bloomfield Road .", "The supporters had been a stadium tour but managed to cut themselves the remainder the party . They were found Saturday morning a security sweep the stadium being handed police , who decided not to arrest the pair . United say there was no risk supporters attending the Arsenal game . The pair had been searched and their belongings put a metal detector they went the tour . The incident comes six months United 's Premier League game Bournemouth Old Trafford had to be called short notice when a suspect package was found a toilet the corner the stadium . It turned to be a fake explosive left behind a training exercise earlier the week .", "Andrew Bickel , 39 , was fixing a light the Catwel shop Cardiff two weeks ago when he nipped his van and returned to find his tools were gone . He said he had a call a lady the cat charity shop to say his tools were there to collect , but \" no explanation how , why or when \" . Mr Bickel 's original Facebook post the mistake went viral . He said he had enjoyed his five minutes fame afterwards . \" I could n't believe it ,\" he said , \" the phone just did n't stop ringing . \" \" The Sun newspaper came where I was working and took photographs , television crews wanted to film me and I even had an offer to appear Judge Rinder ,\" he added . \" I 'm just waiting the call to go the jungle . \" Mr Bickel said he had been offered \u00a3 100 a magazine his story and , it happened , he would donate \u00a3 50 the cat charity shop and \u00a3 50 a dog charity shop , admitting he was \" more a dog person \" . \" I 'm just glad no-one has been left pocket ,\" he said .", "Media playback is not supported this device Muir told BBC Scotland her veterinary medicine studies will mean she will not be the Scotland team next year 's event Australia 's Gold Coast . The 24-year-old finished fourth and sixth the 1500m and 5,000m the World Athletics Championships . \" My exams are n't May so Commonwealths being April , it 's just not going to work unfortunately ,\" said the middle distance runner . \" I go back university next week . I 've got a week off then back my studies to complete my final year . Media playback is not supported this device \" I love running Scotland whenever I can and the Commonwealths are one the few opportunities you can do it so , yeah , I 'm gutted I 'm going to be missing it . \" But you have to think getting my degree and that was really important me . I 'm sure the team 's going to do so , so well . They 're going to do great . \" I think I 've got at least two , even three more Olympics me . What events ? I do n't know . Certainly , so much scope the future . \" However , Muir says the World Indoor Championships March are \" potentially a target \" . \" These next few months are going to be very full my studies ,\" she explained . \" I feel I 'm reasonable shape . I 'd like to run Birmingham . \" Hellen Obiri upset defending world champion Almaz Ayana to win 5,000m gold London , Sifan Hassan third . Muir 's time 14 minutes 52.07 seconds was her new outdoor personal best . \" I 'm really happy ,\" she said Sunday 's race . \" It was really tough competition out there . I 'm delighted that . I 'm really , really pleased how I ran . \" My fifth race 10 days - it 's a lot running and to still come away I think there 's a lot potential the future . \"", "The former Newcastle striker , 26 , was jailed eight months May admitting online banking fraud . Southend boss Phil Brown expects Ranger to return training their first League One game 5 August . \" When the season starts , we 'll try to get games closed doors he can get a level match fitness ,\" Brown told BBC Essex . Ranger pleaded guilty conspiracy to defraud obtaining bank details and transferring money , Southend said they would consider the player 's future . Speaking their pre-season friendly defeat Brighton Tuesday , Brown said : \" Nile has to understand these players are playing discipline and have done the last three or four weeks . \" The best we will get Nile is probably a week 's work and that wo n't be enough him to be fit the [ start the ] season . \" Ranger joined Southend August 2016 and scored eight goals 27 league appearances last season .", "The patrols Camber Sands East Sussex will be funded \u00c2 \u00a3 51,000 allocated Rother District Council part its annual budget . Councillor Sally-Ann Hart said the council needed to act the \" significant and unprecedented \" deaths . Families the men who drowned said a lifeguard service could have saved their lives . Five men died a day-trip the beach last August . A month earlier , two others also lost their lives . The council said the beach attracted more one million people each year . It said lifeguards would be present the late May bank holiday the end the summer holidays \" to offer reassurance \" visitors . Speaking a council meeting Monday night , Mrs Hart , the cabinet member tourism , said : \" Our thoughts remain the families those who lost their lives . \" The incidents were significant and unprecedented and we need to react the changing circumstances . \" We not only need to protect the visiting public , but also the economy and livelihoods our coastal tourism businesses . \" However , she stressed the importance \" people all communities Britain being better informed \" beach and water safety they visit . She said : \"[ The beach ] can never be completely risk-free but we are committed investing our beach patrol , the lifeguard service and working other agencies to ensure visitors the beach are aware the dangers the sea . \" Full inquests the deaths are awaited . The council said it would act any recommendations the coroner might make . Five men south-east London died 24 August : Two others lost their lives July :", "Archibald was Swindon Town 's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked other vacancies . Osman says the loss Archibald - who guided Thistle a top six finish last season - would be a hard act to follow . \" I signed , he 's only got better , every season . It 's no surprise teams are interested him ,\" Osman said . \" We do n't want him to go anywhere . He 's probably one the best managers I have played . The boys love him . We just pray he stays here another season . \" Osman 's Partick Thistle team-mate Adam Barton echoes his captain 's sentiments . \" I would be personally disappointed what he has done is really good ,\" the midfielder said . \" a footballer , you like managers who really stick their players . You come so many managers who chop and change things and I have been that many managers that many times . \" New managers come and they do n't even want to see you play , they just want to bring their own players and chop and change . To see him go would not be a good thing . \" Partick Thistle are the verge losing promising centre-back Liam Lindsay , who has travelled Barnsley a medical following the clubs agreeing a fee the player . Subject the completion the medical , Lindsay will sign a three-year deal Oakwell .", "All 10 had their passports confiscated they were detained Montreal 's Trudeau International Airport the weekend . Police said a statement Tuesday none the suspects had been charged , but investigations were ongoing . Their families have been informed . \" These are very difficult times the relatives and loved ones the persons arrested , the decision to leave the country was not that the family , but a single family member ,\" the statement said . \" a result , family members often find themselves a complete loss and unable to understand the decision made the youth . \" Police said they could not disclose the identity the suspects or provide information what led their arrests . Steven Blaney , Canada 's public safety minister , commended the officers their \" continued vigilance \" protecting communities \" the ongoing global terror threat \" . Canadian troops are part a multinational coalition to halt the advance IS militants Iraq and Syria . Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced March he planned to expand the mission and has since pledged $ 139m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 89m ) to help alleviate the growing humanitarian crisis the region .", "The 21-year-old made his debut the Tigers the League Cup first-round tie Accrington Stanley August . Dixon was captain the Championship club 's under-21 side . He could make his debut the Minstermen , who are bottom the Football League , Saturday 's match Newport . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "Colin Shields put Belfast ahead Scott Aarssen levelled late the first period . However , second-period goals Ryan Martinelli and Mark Garside left the Giants control . Alex Foster increased Belfast 's lead 4-1 Steve Saviano completed the scoring five minutes left . Belfast have a game hand the Devils , who defeated Coventry Blaze 5-3 Monday evening . Cardiff are back action Blaze Tuesday the Giants are home Manchester Storm Wednesday evening the busy festive period continues . The Giants took the lead 15:52 Monday Shields netting being set James Desmarais and Saviano . Aarssen netted the powerplay the last minute the first period but Martinelli restored the Giants' advantage 27:41 combining well Saviano . Garside then fired the Braehead net 33:50 Foster 's powerplay effort 51:45 and Saviano 's concluding goal 55:18 . Wednesday 's game Manchester , Braehead Clan are the visitors Friday Coventry Blaze take the Giants the SSE Arena 2 January .", "25 February 2016 Last updated 10:01 GMT Having undergone significant restoration , it will make its first journey ten years the East Coast mainline . The steam engine was initially built Doncaster , but took its name the Edinburgh London service which it ran . the last original locomotive class member was withdrawn 1966 , the train toured the world , becoming an icon British engineering . Video produced BBC Rewind", "He is one 249 men suing the Catholic Church alleged historical sexual abuse St William 's residential school Market Weighton . Only one man five initial cases heard the High Court Leeds has been awarded compensation . December , a judge ruled favour one claimant and ordered the church to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 14,000 damages . the same hearing , His Honour Judge Gosnell dismissed three other claims . More this and other East Yorkshire stories January 2016 the former head St William 's James Carragher was jailed the third time he was found guilty sexually abusing boys . Carragher , 75 , had already been sentenced 21 years prison sexually abusing boys and was jailed a further nine years January . He was jailed seven years 1993 and a further 14 years 2004 offences he committed St William 's , which closed 1992 . Co-defendant Anthony McCallen , 69 , a former chaplain St William 's , was sentenced 15 years prison a series historical sex offences . He was acquitted eight other charges the same trial . The De La Salle Brothers , a Christian order lay teachers , which ran the school conjunction the Diocese Middlesbrough , has apologised \" unreservedly \" the abuse . Another set compensation claims is expected to be heard late 2017 .", "The film , written JK Rowling and starring Eddie Redmayne Newt Scamander , took a total \u00a3 15.3m . It is the third highest opening weekend the JK Rowling series , the two final Harry Potter films . Warner Bros executive Josh Berger said : \" We are thrilled the huge response British and Irish audiences . \" The film also worked its magic North American cinemas , taking an estimated $ 75m (\u00a3 61m ) the weekend - more the rest the US box office top 10 combined . Harry Potter creator Rowling has planned scripts a total five films the series . The first instalment is set New York , and tells the story a fictional author mentioned the Potter stories . Redmayne plays the part the animal-loving magizoologist Newt Scamander , who visits New York 's secret community witches and wizards . The film is set 70 years Harry Potter reads his book his school , Hogwarts . It has received broadly positive reviews critics . The opening weekend haul the US and Canada was lower any the Harry Potter films , however . Elsewhere the box office charts , Benedict Cumberbatch 's Doctor Strange fell second $ 17.7m (\u00a3 14.3m ) , Trolls third $ 17.5m (\u00a3 14.1m ) . Sci-fi movie Arrival , starring Amy Adams , took fourth spot $ 11.8m (\u00a3 9.5m ) , the comedy Almost Christmas , starring Danny Glover and Gabrielle Union , rounded the top five $ 7m (\u00a3 5.7m ) . Follow us Facebook , Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or Instagram bbcnewsents . you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 22-year-old fractured her neck and back , dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc her neck colliding Elis Ligtlee the omnium final . Norfolk 's Williamson spent four weeks hospital January 's accident . \" They were pretty sure paralysis was going to be the outcome I was Rotterdam , but luckily I pulled through ,\" she told BBC Look East . \" Being an athlete , I think they said my neck and back were so strong I was able to withstand the force . \" I did break a few bones , my spinal cord stayed intact and I 'm here to live another day . \" Racing the event was cancelled the 2013 World Championships bronze medallist 's crash , fans asked to leave the velodrome . \" I have no memories , which is probably pretty good ,\" she said . \" It 's not going to put me the future ,\" she said . \" I remember holding the fence getting ready to roll the final and then next thing I know I was hospital and someone was telling me I 'd had an accident . I just responded ' did I win ?' . That was all I was worried . \" Williamson hopes to be back \" easy riding \" a bike the end the summer and says she has the right support her to make a full recovery . Media playback is not supported this device \" I 'm going to get back a bike eventually ,\" she added . \" I 've got no timescale yet , but I do n't know what level I 'll be able to get . I 'll give it a good go . \" I 've got the full support team me , I 've got physios , doctors . We 've got the world 's best . the end the day , we 're a great programme , so I 've got every chance getting back where I was . \"", "Former Association Police and Crime Commissioners ( APCC ) chief executive Nazir Afzal was advised doing so the organisation 's board . This was potentially controversial policing issues that could have been raised the show . But Mr Afzal stepped and appeared the programme 25 May . The APCC said : \" Nazir told the board he intended to go Question Time to discuss the recent events Manchester . \" The board , made all parties , advised it would be inappropriate him to do so , given the number contentious issues relating policing which could be raised especially discussion politicians who were appearing and purdah . \" He resigned his post order to make this appearance . We thank him his service his year the APCC . \" Mr Afzal joined the APCC last year . The association said Mr Afzal signed a contract confirming he would not do any media the consent the board . This was essential the APCC was apolitical and the role the chief executive was politically restricted , it said . Mr Afzal tweeted : \" Given media calls I confirm I 've resigned Chief Executive country 's police & crime commissioners . I 'm not saying anything publicly . \" Introduced England and Wales 2012 , PCCs must : Source : Association Police and Crime Commissioners Mr Afzal is a former Crown chief prosecutor north-west England . It was announced he would step March 2015 . He led several high-profile prosecutions , including the Rochdale grooming trial . He was awarded an OBE 2004 services law and the local community , Get news the BBC your inbox , each weekday morning", "Earlier this month , NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21 % salmon and 25 % sea trout dying each year , they migrate and local rivers . Tidal Lagoon Power ( TLP ) said the claims had no \" clear scientific basis \" . NRW said its figures were based the \" best available evidence \" it received . a briefing note sent AMs and seen BBC Wales , TLP disputed NRW 's figures and claimed the regulator refused to share its methodology calculating them . \" clear scientific basis NRW has recently published figures based these ' what ' scenarios our request to consider the evidence needed to back them prior publication ,\" the briefing said . \" These scenarios give unrealistic and grossly misleading impact figures [ fish ],\" the briefing adds . TLP said computer modelling carried experts its behalf estimated a \" worst case scenario \" the lagoon killing 2 % all species fish . The \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn Swansea tidal lagoon project is being viewed the firm a test bed much larger and more cost effective versions the coast , including Cardiff , Newport and Colwyn Bay . UK government ministers are considering the findings a six-month review the viability the scheme , which is yet to be published . Wales' Environment Secretary Lesley Griffiths said the Welsh Government was \" very supportive \" the scheme . But she said both it and the industry needed clarity the UK government 's position the \" very , very near future . \" NRW said it strongly disagreed TLP 's criticism , which it was \" very surprised and disappointed \" . Gareth O'Shea , an NRW executive director , said : \" We have received a vast amount evidence this subject the applicant and have held detailed discussions the developer a year-and-a-half where we have shared a huge amount information , data and our methodology . \" This has been assessed independent experts and our own technical experts , and we have the utmost confidence it is the best evidence available to enable us to make the right decision the environment Wales , we are legally bound to do . \"", "It had already been announced the 30-year-old would leave the Warriors when his contract expires this summer . The South Africa-born forward becomes Sale 's first new signing next season . \" Josh is a world class ball-carrying forward ,\" said Sharks director rugby Steve Diamond . \" He has been performing well both Glasgow and Scotland the past five years and will complement the squad the ball-carrying department . \" Strauss joined Glasgow Super Rugby side Lions 2012 and , three years residency , qualified to play Scotland time the 2015 World Cup . Number eight Strauss has been sidelined a kidney injury sustained the Six Nations defeat France , ruling him the rest the tournament . \" coming the UK I always had it the back my mind I wanted to play the Premiership ,\" said Strauss . \" I have really enjoyed my time the Warriors , but I asked my agent to look around me . He came back Sale Sharks who have a good name , a good record the Premiership and looked an attractive proposition . \"", "Flight MU736 was heading Sydney , Australia Shanghai , but the pilot reported problems the engine about one hour taking . Passengers , who had to spend the night Sydney , told media they smelt something burning the aircraft . The Airbus A330 landed safely and there were no reports injuries . Images circulating social media showed a large hole the engine casing . Several passengers said they had heard a loud sound coming the left engine shortly take-off . One passenger told Australia 's Seven News network : \" All of a sudden we heard this noise ... it kind of smelt burning \" . \" I was really scared . Our group was terrified . \" One woman the flight told news agency Reuters : \" The cabin crew went and told us to fasten our seatbelts and tried to calm us , but we were actually very panicked we had no idea what was happening . \" Passengers said the crew cleared the seats the affected engine . China Eastern Airlines said a statement the media the crew had \" observed the abnormal situation the left engine and decided to return Sydney airport immediately \" . It added all passengers would be placed flights leaving Monday . Aviation safety authorities are now investigating . Aviation expert Greg Waldron consulting firm FlightGlobal told the BBC it would be \" difficult to say this early juncture what caused such extensive damage \" the China Eastern plane . He said investigators would likely look all possible factors and examine maintenance records the aircraft and engine . \" They will also carefully assess a foreign object may have played a role this ,\" he said . Last month , industry websites The Aviation Herald and Aero.de published pictures social media appearing to show a similar hole another aeroplane 's engine casing . Mr Waldron added it would be \" too early \" to say the Sydney incident was linked other cases , but it would be something investigators would consider .", "Katy James was refused leave to remain her British husband Dominic , a self-employed bike dealer , earns less \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 year . Mr and Mrs James live Eastbourne and have a daughter , Madeleine , aged two . Immigration Minister James Brokenshire has written their MP to say an interval review the Home Office would reconsider her application to remain . Caroline Ansell MP wrote her website she was confident the government would reverse the decision \" the three have a right family life human rights legislation and the impact young Madeleine should Katy be forced to leave . \" Katy 's father-in-law Jim Needham told BBC Sussex : \" It is a great relief , it is early days yet but we are very hopeful things will progress and justice will be done . \" The couple , who married 2006 , said they were victims a rule change 2012 which requires British citizens non-EU spouses to prove an income at least \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 . Mrs James said Wednesday it was \" outrageous \" the Home Office thought a child did not need her mother . Legal commentator Joshua Rozenberg said the purpose the income threshold was to prevent non-Europeans marrying the UK and becoming a burden the taxpayer .", "points the year we may introduce a theme the gallery - this week 's theme is \" love \" . Find how you can submit your images and videos below . you have a picture you 'd like to share , email us england @ bbc.co.uk , post it Facebook or tweet it @ BBCEngland . You can also find us Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image there . You can also see a recent archive pictures our England 's Big Picture board Pinterest . When emailing pictures , please make sure you include the following information : Please note we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken the past week . you submit a picture , you do so accordance the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . contributing England 's Big Picture you agree to grant us a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material any way that we want , and any media worldwide . It 's important to note , however , you still own the copyright everything you contribute England 's Big Picture , and your image is accepted , we will publish your name . The BBC cannot guarantee all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments . no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind media .", "Mr Tshibala will be leader presidential elections later this year . He was expelled Congo 's largest opposition party , the UDPS , last month contesting the designation successors veteran leader Etienne Tshisekedi who died February . Mr Tshibala 's appointment is likely to further divide Mr Kabila 's opponents . Talks to negotiate his exit power broke last week . Mr Kabila was supposed to step his second and final five-year term came an end last year but the vote to replace him was not held . The electoral commission cited financial and logistical difficulties . The arrogance power The failure to organise the polls led a wave deadly demonstrations opposition supporters , calls diplomats the president to respect the constitution . The Roman Catholic Church stepped to broker a deal the end 2016 which outlined the creation a transitional government that would oversee the elections . But the deal collapsed the government and the opposition were unable to agree the power-sharing mechanism the arrangement . The country 71 million people has not had a peaceful transfer power its independence Belgium 1960 .", "Fairfax said Wednesday it would cut 125 editorial jobs - a quarter its newsroom - to absorb slumping revenues . response , staff will strike next week 's federal budget , one the year 's biggest local news days . Fairfax 's outlets include the Sydney Morning Herald , Melbourne 's The Age and the Australian Financial Review . The latest cuts come addition restructuring and cuts recent years . The Sydney Morning Herald 's chief political correspondent James Massola tweeted \" strike a week \" , his colleague Judith Ireland urged \" quality journalism needs actual journalists to do the job \" . most media outlets the globe , Fairfax is suffering falling circulation its print editions and declining advertising revenue . The fresh staff cuts were announced plans to scale back the use freelancers . \" we will be looking all parts the newsroom , the end the redundancy program we expect there will be significantly fewer editorial management , video , presentation and section writer roles ,\" the publisher is quoted saying an internal note . Australia 's Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance , which represents the country 's journalists , strongly criticised the planned cuts Fairfax a \" dumb move \" . \" This will only undermine and damage its mastheads further , alienating its audience and leaving the editorial staff that remain to work harder and harder to fill the gaps ,\" chief executive Paul Murphy said . Fairfax is the main rival Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp Australia , which is also suffering falling revenues and also has announced plans to cut jobs .", "Media playback is not supported this device The 17-year-old Gloucestershire won the champion apprentice trophy his maiden season this year . Marquand has racked 68 wins the last 12 months , prompting his trainer Hannon to make the comparison Moore . \" I think he could be a champion jockey one day ,\" Hannon told BBC Points West . \" I would be amazed he does not go right the top , he is the name everybody 's lips the moment . \" Marquand 's rapid rise has seen him nominated the BBC Young Sports Personality the Year 2015 award . The jockey has been named the final shortlist the award , gymnast Ellie Downie and para-swimmer Tully Kearney . \" What he has achieved is a little bit special ,\" added Hannon . \" He is a lovely guy and thoroughly deserves his success . He is very popular and he has endeared himself everybody . \" Hannon , who has 300 horses based his stables Marlborough , is the son former flat jockey champion Richard Hannon Sr . Moore has enjoyed great success the guidance Hannon and won the champion apprentice title 2003 . then , Moore has established himself one the most respected flat jockeys horse racing and was champion jockey 2006 , 2008 and 2009 . \" Ryan Moore performs the big stage and he is the best jockey the world the moment . He is so professional and the ultimate jockey and that 's who you want to be ,\" said Marquand , who will find he has won the BBC award Sunday . \" It is a yard that is constantly the limelight and it is big to be attached somewhere this . \"", "Officials Cuba and Norway , the two countries brokering the peace process , said a week discussions would begin Havana 10 December . Colombia 's president stopped the talks the rebels seized Gen Ruben Dario Alzate and two others 16 November . The captives were released Sunday . They were handed a humanitarian mission led the International Red Cross and taken a military base the city Medellin travelling to be reunited their families . \" We consider the crisis and announce we have agreed the next cycle conversations will take place 10 and 17 December ,\" Reuters quoted a joint statement read a Cuban official saying . The negotiators said the next round talks would focus a de-escalation the conflict , and meeting the relatives victims . They also said the parties had agreed to establish a permanent system to deal any future crises . They will reconvene mid-January , a date not yet determined . The negotiations have been way Havana November 2012 and aim to bring an end five decades conflict , which 220,000 people are estimated to have died . The Red Cross and the Farc said the handover Sunday had taken place a remote location Choco province , an isolated jungle region Colombia 's Pacific Coast . Gen Alzate , Cpl Jorge Rodriguez and lawyer Gloria Urrego had been kidnapped 14 days earlier travelling the Atrato river boat . They had ventured territory dominated the Farc civilian clothes and a security detail . The Farc said they kidnapped the general they were unhappy President Juan Manuel Santos had continued military operations them peace talks . The left-wing rebel group has renewed calls both sides to call a ceasefire the peace negotiations proceed . The government has rejected such calls , saying a truce would only help the rebel group regroup and rearm . Gen Alzate resigned his post Monday , saying he should have taken more security precautions .", "Akpan , 25 , had a goal disallowed handball Tuesday 's loss Sheffield Wednesday , being shown a red card Scott Duncan his protests . Blackburn have also been charged failing to ensure players conducted themselves an orderly fashion . Akpan and Rovers have 20 and 21 February respectively to respond . A three-match ban is the standard punishment a red card violent conduct . However , it is alleged Akpan 's behaviour constituted violent conduct circumstances where the standard punishment that would otherwise apply is clearly insufficient . He is currently banned three matches , including Sunday 's FA Cup tie Manchester United . 1998 , then-Sheffield Wednesday striker Paolo di Canio was banned 11 games pushing referee Paul Alcock the ground . Seven years later , Southampton midfielder David Prutton was suspended 10 matches admitting two charges improper conduct , having pushed referee Alan Wiley and attempting to confront another official .", "The 22-year-old joins an impressive list the Aegon Open 4-12 June , including Caroline Wozniacki , Victoria Azarenka , and British top three Johanna Konta , Heather Watson and Naomi Broady . Robson reached world number 27 July 2013 , but has struggled returning a serious wrist injury last year . \" I am excited to be returning Nottingham ,\" Robson said . \" I remember how great the grass courts are there . Preparing well the grass is key ahead Wimbledon and Nottingham is the perfect place to start . \" I really enjoy this time year , to be able to play front a home crowd . It is fantastic to see a strong British turnout the event the fans always create such a great atmosphere . \"", "A foul smell led residents the site March . The government says all the bodies were buried a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies . But Human Rights Watch says they must check to see any the people killed anti-government protests January have been buried there . Dozens demonstrators died protests a proposed electoral law change which would have required a national census to be held the presidential election could take place . The US-based watchdog Human Rights Watch ( HWR ) has said bodies went missing the protests and also government crackdowns criminal gangs the capital last year and 2013 . Human rights workers first became aware the burial site residents Maluku Kinshasa reported a terrible smell the local cemetery more two weeks ago . A woman working the field then discovered a limb sticking the ground . The DR Congo government has said the bodies were all buried individual graves 19 March . A spokesman said Monday there would be no exhumations the bodies .", "Media playback is not supported this device The Toffees will pay about \u00a3 5m compensation the 53-year-old Dutchman , who leaves Saints two years charge . Everton have been a manager they sacked Roberto Martinez just the end the 2015-16 season . It is expected Koeman 's appointment will be confirmed Friday . Listen : Saints fans feeling let Koeman BBC Radio 5 live 's Football Daily podcast Koeman , who has been headhunted new Everton owner Farhad Moshiri , will sign a deal reported to be worth about \u00a3 6m a year . The former Netherlands international , who is holiday , will take brother Erwin and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg him Goodison Park . Saints have finished seventh and sixth Koeman - their best Premier League campaigns . Martinez promised Champions League qualification when appointed but Everton finished 11th 2015-16 , his third year the club . April , Saints chairman Ralph Krueger said discussions Koeman a new deal were progressing \" a very good direction \" , but added the club was \" not any real hurry \" . And last month the former Ajax , PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona defender said he expected to stay the Saints the final year his contract . Koeman made more 763 appearances a player , scoring 253 goals , and won the 1988 European Championship the Netherlands . He won the European Cup - now the Champions League - PSV Eindhoven 1988 and Barcelona 1992 , scoring the winner the latter Sampdoria Wembley . He also won four domestic league titles apiece the Netherlands and Spain . Koeman has since managed Vitesse Arnhem , Ajax , Benfica , PSV , Valencia , AZ Alkmaar , Feyenoord and Southampton . He has won the Dutch league both Ajax and PSV . Reaction Former Southampton and England forward Matt le Tissier said he was \" disappointed \" and \" quite surprised \" Koeman 's decision to leave , particularly Saints playing the Europa League next season . \" He may feel he has got a better chance winning trophies Everton . I 'd be a slightly different opinion ,\" Le Tissier told BBC Sport . \" I understand they 've got a new owner and want to splash a bit cash , but it might not be as easy a job he thinks . \" Most clubs the Premier League are pretty wealthy now and can compete the transfer market . We just have to move and look the next man to take us forward again . \" The players' loyalty lies the football club and hopefully they will kick us again next season . \"", "The problem is so many the initiatives and ideas sold the country ground-breaking prove to be business usual . So the Communities Secretary Sajid Javid went his way to sound no-nonsense and tough today . He accused some English councils \" fudging \" the numbers housing need their area and warned them he was not going to allow that to happen anymore . But the response the government 's proposals has been decidedly mixed . Labour 's shadow housing minister John Healey described them \" feeble belief \" . \" Re-treading old ground \" was how the National Association Commercial Finance Brokers described the White Paper . \" Kicking the can the road ,\" one big investment fund said . The chief executive the housebuilder Inland Homes , Stephen Wicks , bemoaned the failure to relax rules green belt development . \" Brownfield itself ca n't possibly sustain the long-term housing requirements the UK ,\" he said . \" It can go an awful long way but there needs to be a relaxation some green belt to enable us to deliver the numbers that we are required to do . \" The White Paper does include measures to encourage developers , housing associations and councils to build more affordable homes more quickly , both to rent and to buy . But this government seems to speak two voices housing : the communities department wants to shift the balance power firmly new development places people want to live , but Number 10 and some influential Tory backbenchers are sympathetic the passionate concerns those who wish to protect the countryside and particularly the green belt . The real question that lies all the rhetoric and policy bullet-points is the balance power development and local opposition has fundamentally changed . Ministers now accept England needs 250,000 new homes every year , they have described the housing market \" broken \" and they agree radical change is the only way to mend it . But many have yet to be convinced this White Paper amounts a \" realistic plan \" to achieve that .", "Robert Thomson , 18 , Bellshill , was last seen Friday 3 June and reported missing his family two days later . Police said the body found woods Kilbrennan Drive , Motherwell , had yet to be formally identified but was believed to be Mr Thomson . A post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause death , which is not being treated suspicious .", "The Barcelona striker is ahead team-mate Lionel Messi , who is valued academics \u00a3 149m . The only England players the top 10 are Tottenham duo Harry Kane ( worth \u00a3 122m ) and Dele Alli (\u00a3 96m ) . Paul Pogba , who joined Manchester United a record \u00a3 89m the summer , is worth \u00a3 136.4m . The study has been carried a team academics the CIES Football Observatory , using a transfer value algorithm . They have calculated the value using criteria that includes player performance and characteristics , such age and length contract . Cristiano Ronaldo , the Ballon d'Or winner and Fifa 's world 's best player , is seventh the list \u00a3 111m , Real Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale 14th and valued \u00a3 73.8m , less the \u00a3 85.3m he cost the La Liga side 2013 . Pogba is the only player the top five not based Spain , Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann third \u00a3 132m and Barcelona 's Luis Suarez fifth (\u00a3 127m ) . There are 42 Premier League players the top 100 including Chelsea 's Eden Hazard (\u00a3 89m ) , Manchester United 's Anthony Martial (\u00a3 81m ) , Manchester City 's Raheem Sterling (\u00a3 75m ) and Leicester City 's Jamie Vardy (\u00a3 45m ) . West Ham midfielder Michail Antonio makes the list 100 , a value \u00a3 31m .", "Yvonne Mosquito , the West Midlands Deputy PCC , was suspended visiting a murder victim 's family informing officers . Following a disciplinary May 2016 , Ms Mosquito had an employment tribunal listed to take place May 2017 . A joint statement said \" all outstanding matters \" were resolved . A BBC source said Ms Mosquito had received a payout . The Office the Police and Crime Commissioner said it would not comment money had exchanged hands . Allegations Ms Mosquito related a visit she paid the family Kenichi Phillips , 18 , who was shot dead a car Birmingham , 17 March 2016 . Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson said her actions \" caused ongoing upset and distress \" and \" damaged the relationship \" the family and police \" the middle a complex and sensitive murder investigation \" . Her supporters insisted she visited an ordained minister who wanted to offer condolences relatives . Her union Unite rejected the allegations , saying it was \" deplorable \" the hearing went ahead Ms Mosquito 's absence . She was issued a final written warning and her contract was never renewed . The BBC previously reported Ms Mosquito wrote a letter complaint the PCC 's behaviour her , which the PCC was aware , four weeks her suspension . A joint statement issued the Office the Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) and Ms Mosquito said they were \" happy to announce they have amicably settled all outstanding matters them \" . \" Litigation is a stressful business and the parties acknowledge and regret the effects that inevitably follow that ,\" it added . The former colleagues thanked each other their work issues equality , the statement added .", "Media playback is not supported this device Winger Niall McGinn also netted Northern Ireland recovered their opening defeat Poland to remain contention a place the last 16 . \" People had written us , nobody gave us a chance ,\" said defender McAuley . \" It 's a very special moment . \" We were n't it Poland and we wanted to put it right . \" Media playback is not supported this device The 36-year-old West Brom player became the second-oldest goalscorer a European Championship putting Northern Ireland ahead a 49th-minute header , substitute McGinn added the second injury time . It was Northern Ireland 's first victory a major tournament finals 34 years - beating hosts Spain the 1982 World Cup - and the result means Michael O'Neill's side can still progress a best third-placed team least . They face Germany their final Group C game and , Ukraine having been eliminated , Northern Ireland will qualify the knockout stages a win Paris Tuesday . \" We let ourselves Poland terms the intensity we wanted to play so we had a point to prove ourselves ,\" said McAuley . \" It was a wonderful team performance and we are delighted everyone , especially the supporters . \" We have something to play our last game Germany , which is what we wanted . We can take a lot confidence that game . \" Media playback is not supported this device O'Neill made five changes his side 's second group game , including leaving striker Kyle Lafferty the bench , and the Northern Ireland boss acknowledge it was a gamble . \" There was some risk attached changing the team but it was a fantastic performance the entire side ,\" said the 46-year-old . \" I could n't have asked any more . The players gave every last ounce passion and energy and the supporters were magnificent - everything that is good Northern Ireland was that stadium . \" We have given ourselves a great chance finishing third and we will try to nick a point , maybe more , the Germans . \" I 'll let the players enjoy this and then our minds will switch Germany . We wo n't underestimate them . \"", "Lydia Wilkinson said she did not know first her father Peter was going to survive the stabbing their home Stourbridge 30 March . She said looking him was a \" massive relief and an opportunity I did n't think I was going to have \" . \" I will miss them both so much ,\" the 18-year-old added . Aaron Barley , 23 , no fixed address , has been charged their murders and the attempted murder Mr Wilkinson . Lydia , who was university the time 50-year-old Tracey and 13-year-old Pierce were stabbed , spoke her devastation . Mrs Wilkinson was pronounced dead the scene . Pierce died hospital paramedics battled to save him . \" me especially it is a case taking every day it comes and counting your blessings and using the support around , definitely . \" more this and other Birmingham and Black Country news She paid tribute staff Birmingham 's Queen Elizabeth hospital who saved her father . Lydia had been planning to collect Pierce school the next day . \" I still ca n't believe I will never see him again or pick him school that Friday I promised to do ,\" she said . \" He was just so bubbly and full life and he really did light a room his mannerisms and impressions . \" Mr Wilkinson , who spent six days intensive care , said he was \" the mend \" . He suffered facial lacerations , \" dozens deep stab wounds and almost 100 stitches \" . \" It will take some time but obviously the emotional pain will take forever ,\" he said . Mr Wilkinson said : \" I did n't find I woke intensive care Pierce had not made it . It was devastating . Absolutely devastating . \" He added his wife had been a \" fantastic mum \" and a compassionate , kind person . \" \" She was just beautiful , she was our angel ,\" he said .", "Students said the error meant there were two possible correct answers the multiple choice questions . Officials have said they will accept two answers correct each case , and the head the national exam board has offered to resign . The annual test determines the academic futures high school students . South Korean media said the mistake would affect the test scores about 3,600-4,000 students . \" I express deep regret and recognise an urgent need to improve the question-making process ,\" Education Minister Hwang Woo-Yea said a statement broadcast television . \" We will investigate the root cause the problem ,\" Mr Hwang said . 640,000 students sat the nine-hour standardised test , called the College Scholastic Ability Test , 13 November 1,216 testing sites the country , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said . Many students engage intense studying years preparation the exam , often the involvement their parents what is an extremely competitive academic environment . A good score would mean a spot one South Korea 's top universities . The suspect multiple-choice questions , one the biology exam and one the English language paper , sparked an uproar parents and students complaining the website the Korea Institute Curriculum and Evaluation ( KICE ) which administers the exam . Last year 's exam was also controversial a mistake one the questions the world geology section . a year-long legal battle , Seoul High Court ruled favour four students who said the question was flawed . \" We did our best this year to prevent erroneous questions ... but again there were faulty questions , causing chaos and inconvenience exam takers , their parents and teachers ,\" said Kim Sung-Hoon , head KICE .", "Gloucester have played away their Meadow Park home a flood 2007 . September , planning permission was approved to permit initial work building a new ground Gloucester . The University Gloucestershire-based All Golds , who are the third tier rugby league , currently play Cheltenham but want a permanent home . All Golds president Lionel Hurst told BBC Radio Gloucestershire : \" We have met those who own the club . \" We can see it makes considerable sense . We will need to have more meetings . \" We are a long way getting the line this , but watch this space . We are constantly seeking our own permanent base the club . \" Rugby league and football are very good friends the land . It would be a very significant partnership it happened . \"", "July , Conor McGinn , who is south Armagh , claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning his father . It followed an interview which he called Mr Corbyn to \" reach his comfort zone \" . A spokesman Mr Corbyn said the time it was \" untrue \" . The St Helens MP told BBC Radio Four 's Westminster Hour : \" The modus operandi that he ( Mr Corbyn ) and the people him were trying to do , involving my family , was to isolate and ostracise me them and the community I am very proud to come - which is an Irish , nationalist community south Armagh . \" The MP claimed he spoke Mr Corbyn May , he got a call the Labour whips' office saying the party leader had initially asked his resignation and then considered sacking him . But subsequently , his spokesman , he had asked an apology and retraction , which Mr McGinn refused to make . The MP said he then texted the Labour leader to make clear no offence was intended and reiterate their friendship was important him and asking a meeting . He received no response , but said he was then informed the whips' office Mr Corbyn had proposed asking the MP 's father , Pat , to intervene . Pat McGinn was Sinn F\u00e9in councillor Newry many years , serving the council 's mayor 2005 and 2006 .", "Wiggins and Cavendish are eight medallists the 2016 Olympic Games to be involved , Dutch road race silver medallist Tom Dumoulin . Owain Doull , who won team pursuit gold GB Rio and was third the 2015 Tour Britain , will also race . The eight-day event concludes London 11 September . \" The field this year 's Tour Britain is parallel , star quality wherever you look the teams ,\" said race director Mick Bennett . Thirty-time Tour France stage winner Cavendish will make his first appearance winning omnium silver the Olympics , a field that also features omnium gold medallist and Team Sky rider Elia Viviani Italy , as well the Manxman 's sprint rival Andre Greipel Germany . Wiggins is joined Dylan van Baarle former Tour Britain winners the field . A total 21 teams will take part , including 11 UCI World Tour outfits , the highest number to have competed Britain the 2014 Tour France Grand Depart . Seven British teams will compete , led Team Sky and also including Team Wiggins and a Great Britain national team . The rider list also includes six current national road race champions , led British champion Adam Blythe , who will ride Great Britain . There are also six national time trial champions , including former UCI world hour record holders Alex Dowsett and Rohan Dennis and three-time world time trial champion Tony Martin .", "Ronald Chigunwe worked Wessex Heartbeat , which supports the cardiac centre Southampton General Hospital . The 40-year-old , Breadels Field , Basingstoke , pleaded guilty four offences fraud and money laundering . However , he denied four other charges money laundering . The Crown Prosecution Service will now decide he should face trial . A decision is due the next 14 days . The fraud was uncovered when a new chief executive took the charity and became suspicious asking Chigunwe financial information . The chief executive 's wife - an accounts expert - was asked to look the records and discovered the fraud .", "The victim was attacked her son had eloped an upper-caste girl about a month ago . She has alleged police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon . The incident took place Mulgaon village Monday afternoon but reports the atrocity have just come . The village Satara district falls the constituency the state 's Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan . \" The women pushed me the ground , took my sari and started beating me chappals [ slipper ] and a stick . They pulled my hair ,\" the victim told a television channel . She said the beatings continued two hours . Wednesday , police arrested five people , including the eloped girl 's parents . Dalits , formerly known \" untouchables \" , are the bottom the Hindu caste system India . caste discrimination is illegal , biases remain many areas .", "The company is talks several Japanese lenders money it needs to reorganise its business the wake a massive accounting scandal . The embattled electronics giant is hoping loans 250bn yen ($ 2.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 1.6bn ) , said Nikkei daily . Toshiba confirmed it was talks but said the details had not been decided . The Nikkei daily said Sumitomo Mitsui Banking , Mizuho Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank were to provide the funds as early this month . The funds are vital the survival the Japanese conglomerate it streamlines its bloated businesses , whose poor performances had gone unnoticed almost a decade false accounting . The restructuring comes the company admitted 2015 it had overstated its profits $ 1.3bn seven years . part the efforts to balance its books , the firm has announced major job cuts and the selling several plants and units external investors . Toshiba currently employs almost 200,000 people . Its shares have lost 40 % their value April last year , when news the profit overstatement began to emerge . July , its chief executive , president and six other high-level executives resigned the company . Toshiba , which is involved a wide-range industries electronics nuclear energy , was founded 1875 and launched the world 's first mass-market laptop 1985 .", "Set 284 victory , England reached 46-2 the close day four Sharjah - their record fourth-innings run chase Asia is 209 2010 . Bowler Anderson said : \" We 'd happily lose 2-0 trying to chase the total . \" We know it is going to turn and they have got some world-class spinners , so we are going to have to bat very well . \" He added : \" We have got some world-class batsman our line-up . They are going to have to pull their fingers and bat really well . \" Mohammad Hafeez hit 151 Pakistan - 146-3 overnight - were bowled 355 their second innings . Jonny Bairstow missed a stumping Adil Rashid the first over day four Hafeez 97 , and the opener was dropped Stuart Broad 113 . England lost Moeen Ali 22 and Ian Bell a duck the space 13 balls the close . Alastair Cook , who hit an unbeaten century when England successfully chased 209 to beat Bangladesh nine wickets Dhaka 2010 , will resume 17 and Joe Root six Thursday . \" Hopefully , we can get a couple big partnerships and a couple big individual scores ,\" added Anderson , who took 2-52 . \" We are going to have to bat the whole day to win or draw . \" \" England are not totally it but their chances have gone one six one 15 or 20 ,\" former England batsman Geoffrey Boycott told BBC Test Match Special . \" Joe Root and Alastair Cook are quality players but they did n't look ease . they go it is all over . \" Former England captain Michael Vaughan added : \" It 's been a tough day England . Hafeez 's innings could be the difference . \" Pakistan are favourites but you just never know England can get one player 100 . There 's a 15 % chance an England win . \" Listen Geoffrey Boycott 's review each day 's play the TMS podcast Listen commentary highlights the series Pint-Sized TMS", "Gatland says Henry indicated his players the outset the trip Australia who would be selected the Test matches . He says that meant his compatriot \" lost half the team day one \" . \" The players knew straight away what was the Test side and who was making the numbers ,\" said the New Zealander . Gatland , who Wednesday named his side to face the Provincial Barbarians the tour opener Saturday , says each his 41-man squad is contention to face the All Blacks . \" Keeping harmony the squad is paramount ,\" he said . \" It 's giving everyone an opportunity . \" It 's important these guys feel they are putting themselves the shop window and have a chance to prove themselves , and a little bit luck are contention the Tests . Media playback is not supported this device Owen Farrell and Johnny Sexton appear to be competition the fly-half spot Gatland reiterated he sees the Englishman a \" world-class 10 \" , rather a centre . Irishman Sexton starts Saturday , Farrell the bench . \" The players are pretty aware the competition that position ,\" Gatland said . \" Johnny gets a start Saturday , and the other two [ Farrell and Dan Biggar ] will get a start the next two games . \" Gatland 's son Bryn will start the Provincial Barbarians fly-half . \" I spoke Bryn last night and he 's enjoying the week ,\" Gatland Sr said . \" We 'll catch tomorrow , and he 'll expect to have to make a few tackles the weekend . \" We have n't spoken too much the game but he 's excited the opportunity . \"", "The 24-year-old , who played 16 games loan Kilmarnock last season , will compete James Tavernier . Hodson started his career Watford and played 51 games three seasons MK Dons a loan Brentford . He joins new faces Matt Gilks , Clint Hill , Joey Barton , Niko Kranjcar , Jordan Rossiter , Matt Crooks and Josh Windass Ibrox . Rangers paid an undisclosed fee Hodson , who was part Northern Ireland 's squad Euro 2016 , but did not feature any their four matches .", "Those selling the illicit weapons often disassembled and sent them different packages or embedded them old stereos or printers , the report found . Researchers found firearms and related goods generated 136 sales month and a monthly revenue $ 80,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 62,000 ) . The firearms trade has gained attention following recent terrorist attacks . The dark net is a part the internet that requires specific software to access , order users to remain anonymous . the trade was unlikely to fuel large-scale terrorist operations , it had the potential to become the platform choice \" lone-wolf \" terrorists to obtain weapons and ammunition , the report said . Non-profit organisation Rand Corporation Europe , working Manchester University , found 52 unique vendors selling weapons or similar items such ammunition , explosives , or components such silencers 811 listings and 18 markets . Police believe the 2016 Munich shooting , which left nine people dead , used weapons purchased the dark net . Lead author the research , Giacomo Persi Paoli , said : \" Recent high-profile cases have shown the threat posed individuals or small groups obtaining weapons illegally the dark web is real . \" The ability to not only arm criminals and terrorists , who can make virtually anonymous purchases , but also vulnerable and fixated individuals is perhaps the most dangerous aspect . \" Guns account less 1 % items sold the platform , its main trade being narcotics . Nevertheless , the volume being sold \" can be considered sufficiently high to be a cause concern policy makers and law enforcement agencies \" , said the report . The study involved collecting data 12 dark net marketplaces a week September 2016 . Most those selling guns were based the US , but Europe was the most popular destination the weapons they sold . Judith Aldridge , co-investigator the study , said : \" very simple terms , anyone can connect the dark web and minutes have access a variety vendors offering their products , which are most often illegal . \" The dark web enables illegal trade a global level , removing some the geographical barriers vendors and buyers , increasing the personal safety both buyers and sellers a series anonymising features that obscure their identities . \"", "The comedian and actor has been married Malaak Compton-Rock 19 years . A statement issued his lawyer confirmed the split : \" Chris Rock has filed divorce his wife , Malaak . \" This is a personal matter and Chris requests privacy he and Malaak work this process and focus their family . \" The couple have two children together , daughters , Lola Simone , 12 , and Zahra Savannah , 10 . Chris Rock once joked a routine : \" Relationships are hard , man . order any relationship to work both you have to be the same page . \" You both have to have the same focus . And that focus is ... it 's all her . \" Chris Rock made his name a stand-up comic the 1980s . The 49-year-old then went forge a successful TV career appearing films Dr Dolittle and Madagascar . his latest film , Top Five , Rock plays a comedian who is persuaded having his upcoming wedding screened part a reality TV show . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Paul Mason , Ipswich , used to weigh 70 stone ( 440kg ) but has lost more 40 stone ( 254kg ) the help gastric band surgery . He hopes the procedures New York will help shed seven stone ( 44kg ) . His visa application had been delayed a previous criminal conviction . Mr Mason still needs to raise about \u00c2 \u00a3 7,000 surgery-related costs . He was the US December a consultation Dr Jennifer Capla , who offered to remove his excess skin free hearing the NHS would not perform the operations as quickly Mr Mason hoped . However , his plans to make a quick return the country were delayed when his visa application was referred Homeland Security March , a conviction fraud 1986 . He has now received his visa and had been due to have surgery 20 October . But this has been postponed he needs to raise $ 12,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 7,400 ) to cover the post-surgery costs , which include accommodation and medicine . He is due to fly out later this week . Last time he was the US he appeared The View TV programme , where he accepted a marriage proposal his girlfriend , Rebecca Mountain , who lives Massachusetts .", "a study mice , Hsp90 inhibitors were found to strip cancer cells defences hormone treatments . This makes the drugs particularly promising treating drug-resistant cancers , the research team said . Prostate cancer is the most common cancer men the UK . About one eight men will get prostate cancer some point their lives . It mainly affects men the age 50 . The cancer can sometimes be treated successfully hormone treatments , which target androgen receptors linked the growth male hormones called androgens . But some prostate cancers do n't work that way . Instead they create an abnormal form androgen receptor which is not linked the growth hormones and therefore does not respond standard hormone treatment . This is the most common form resistance prostate cancer which leads aggressive , difficult-to-treat cancers . The latest research , published the journal Cancer Research , found a new class drugs reduced production both receptors . Professor Paul Workman , study author and chief executive the Institute Cancer Research , said it was an exciting discovery . \" We call Hsp90 inhibitors ' network drugs' they tackle several the signals that are hijacked cancer all once , a network rather just a single signalling pathway . \" These drugs can hit cancer harder those targeting only one protein , and look promising preventing or overcoming drug resistance . \" Prof Workman said the next step was to test the Hsp90 inhibitors clinical trials patients aggressive , drug-resistant prostate cancer . Prof Johann de Bono , a professor experimental cancer medicine the Institute Cancer Research , said : \" These drugs are already clinical trials several types cancer , and I am excited our work suggests they could also benefit men prostate cancer who have otherwise run treatment options . \"", "\" This will give all European Leagues total freedom to schedule their matches they see fit ,\" said the European Professional Football Leagues group . The agreement ended 15 March . It had been place the EPFL and Uefa to boost attendances and television viewing figures European matches . Arsenal 's FA Cup replay Hull City March 2016 was given special dispensation to be played the same night the Champions League last 16 . Manchester City hosted Stoke City a rearranged Premier League fixture last month the same night the Champions League last-16 ties Barcelona and Paris St-Germain , and Borussia Dortmund and Benfica . The Premier League said the scheduling the match Wednesday , 8 March was \" unavoidable \" , it was reported . It was also reported April 2013 the Football Association was fined \u00a3 1.1m allowing domestic matches to be played the same night European games . The EPFL said it will hold a general assembly its member leagues Geneva 6 June .", "The 19-year-old woman was attacked 20:30 and 21:00 Wednesday . Officers cordoned an area the park part their investigation , and were believed to be following a positive line inquiry . Anyone information was asked to contact Police Scotland .", "Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will take charge Saturday 's match Bournemouth Bob Bradley 's sacking . Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon possible , ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice . \" We 've got to go somebody who will to get us trouble ,\" he said . \" we were to go down - and there 's obviously that possibility - you look the Championship and it seems to have got a lot stronger . It 's not a foregone conclusion [ to go straight back up ] . \" I know Norwich and Burnley have done it but it 's difficult . Newcastle look they 'll do it but they 're a big , powerful club who can hang a lot their top players . I 'm not sure we 'd be able to do that . \" we go down , it 's going to be tough to get back . \" Swansea were promoted the Premier League 2011 and quickly established a reputation a well-run club a team that played exciting , possession-based football . Their promotion capped a remarkable rise the brink bankruptcy a decade earlier and almost being relegated the Football League altogether 2003 . Curtis - a former player who was the club their rise the divisions - believes the Swans have not been the same Michael Laudrup left 2014 . \" I think we have [ lost our way ] . It 's just the change management all the time ,\" Curtis added . \" The best eras were Roberto Martinez , Brendan Rodgers and Michael Laudrup . But we 've probably lost a bit the ' Swansea Way ' . It has been diluted . \" We 've lost quite a few players too but have we adequately replaced them ? \" Media playback is not supported this device Curtis believes the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay , and the 62-year-old reminds every new signing how far the club has come . \" I know a lot the foreign boys have seen [ the documentary ] Jack a King . So they 've got a brief history where we were and where we are now ,\" he said . \" They might not be 100 % passionate it but they know where we came and how important it is [ to stay up ] . Not just the club but the whole area . \"", "Data shows the total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12 % the previous year 's figures . Graduates start repaying their debt their income reaches \u00a3 21,000 but 30 years outstanding debt is written . those repaying loans 2017 the average sum owed the start repayment was \u00a3 19,280 . That compares \u00a3 32,220 English students , \u00a3 20,990 Northern Irish students and \u00a3 11,740 Scottish students who do not pay fees they study Scotland . The figures come the Student Loans Company and cover 2016 / 17 . Welsh domiciled students have been able to claim a grant their tuition fees 2012-13 - a sum \u00a3 4,954 2017-18 . But the grants are due to be scrapped 2018-19 help maintenance costs introduced instead , plans unveiled last year . the end 2016-17 there were 304,900 borrowers higher education student loans Wales , 191,100 liable repayment . the end April 2017 there are 41,430 borrowers who had fully repaid , amounting 16.4 % the overall total . The data covers Welsh domiciled students studying higher education the UK and EU students studying Wales .", "The unnamed man was stopped Turin Airport wearing a pilot 's uniform and using forged ID cards , police said . He was charged endangering air transport security and impersonation . The suspect led police a garage containing neatly pressed white shirts epaulets , black trousers and jackets , those worn pilots . No motive the man 's actions was reported immediately . Police have established he sat \" third pilot \" the cockpit an Air Dolomiti plane which flew Munich Turin April . He did not touch the controls , however . Air Dolomiti is part the German airline Lufthansa , which gave no details when approached the Associated Press news agency but insisted he could not have boarded the plane a ticket . Investigators are now trying to establish the man flew other planes . Police had long been investigating the suspect , who had allegedly created a fake identity a Lufthansa pilot named Andrea Sirlo , complete a Facebook page which included fake flight attendant friends . They said they had been alerted several months ago he introduced himself a captain a civil aviation lieutenant , who became suspicious he seemed too young the job . Police tracked him photos his Facebook profile , which he is apparently shown posing uniform and sunglasses front planes . Officers approached him a bar Turin Airport 's check-in area , dressed a pilot 's uniform no company logo it , and sipping coffee . the garage , officers also found fake IDs and fake flight theory manuals , the Italian news agency Ansa reports . \" at least one occasion 2012 , pretending to be a pilot a foreign commercial airline , and a fake name , he succeeded flying the third pilot the cockpit ,\" police said a statement . According Ansa , a flight took place 6 April . addition , a profile a website where users can track their flights also shows a \" Pilot Andrea Sirlo \" flying Munich Airport Turin 23 October last year . The case has echoes the 2002 Hollywood film Catch Me You Can , which Leonardo Di Caprio played Frank Abagnale , a real-life con-man who flew a fake Pan American pilot the 1960s . Sirlo is the name a flight corridor Turin .", "The UK must go further to ensure those settling learn English \" they can be more integrated our country \" . Asked the issue Prime Minister 's Questions , Mr Cameron said the last government had made progress the issue , but more had to be done . He agreed parents should be responsible making sure children speak English . Conservative MP Keighley Kris Hopkins asked the PM agreed there was \" a responsibility and an obligation \" parents to make sure their children can speak English when they start school . Mr Cameron replied : \" I completely agree ... too many cases this is n't happening . \" last autumn , people the EU applying a visa to join their spouse or partner now have to prove they have a basic command English their application is approved . Previously , visa applicants had to show only their marriage or partnership was genuine and they could financially support themselves . The prime minister told the Commons : \" The last government did make some progress making sure people learnt English when they came our country , I think we need to go further . \" you look the figures the number people who are brought husbands and wives , particularly the Indian sub-continent , we should be putting place - and we will be putting place - tougher rules to make sure they do learn English and so when they come , they come , they can be more integrated our country . \" The weekly session Prime Minister 's Questions was dominated foreign affairs Labour leader Ed Miliband focusing all his six questions events Egypt and the UK 's mission Afghanistan . Mr Miliband , who visited Afghanistan the first time Labour leader last week , paid an extended tribute soldiers' work there , acknowledged the difference the Commons session the normal political point scoring . Mr Cameron welcomed the opportunity to have a \" serious conversation \" the work British soldiers Afghanistan , saying they wanted politicians to discuss their efforts , he also noted many MPs often \" preferred a bunfight \" domestic issues .", "The Joseph Rowntree Foundation said the number children working families poverty rose 22,000 2003 and 2013 . Chief executive Julia Unwin said action to help pensioners was balanced a \" worrying rise \" working people struggling to \" make ends meet \" . The UK government said its plan a national living wage would help people . \" Work is the best route poverty and employment Wales is record levels ,\" a spokesman said . A Welsh government spokesman added : \" recent improvements the Welsh economy , we do , however , recognise in-work poverty is a growing issue and are working hard to support low-income households and deliver more well-paid jobs the Welsh economy . \" We are helping more adults access full-time employment , supporting second-earners work and are also improving people 's skills to enable them to progress the workplace . \" People are classed being poverty their household earns or receives less 60 % the national average income around \u00c2 \u00a3 450 a week , adjusted family size .", "Correspondents said the atmosphere schools was subdued and many pupils had not returned . They said parents had been taken surprise the government 's decision to reopen schools only four days' notice and many were not prepared . More 8,400 people have died West Africa the world 's worst outbreak the Ebola virus . The reopening schools Guinea comes four days the UN said the number confirmed Ebola cases the country had fallen its lowest weekly total August . one school the Guinean capital , Conakry , only about 220 the approximately 2,000 pupils were reported to have returned . the 36 teachers , more half were back work . Many schools have introduced health precautions , including hand-washing and temperature checks . Ebola has had a severe impact not only public health but also the Guinean economy . Unemployment and underemployment have risen , leaving many parents difficulties meeting school-related expenses the beginning a new academic year . Schools remain closed Sierra Leone and Liberia , the two other countries hit hard the Ebola outbreak . Earlier this month , the outgoing head the UN team fighting Ebola , Anthony Banbury , said he believed cases the virus would be brought zero the end 2015 .", "Seventeen-year-old Sylvia Fleming was pregnant when she was murdered Omagh 1998 Stephen Scott . He was sentenced life , but has been taking part a pre-release scheme . The prison service said the Victim Information Scheme ( PRVIS ) gives victims an opportunity to provide and receive information prisoners . Miss Fleming went missing April 1998 . Her body parts were found the foundations a partially-built house eight weeks later . Sentencing Scott 2000 , the judge described him \" thoroughly evil \" . He said : \" The manner which her body was disposed her murder is surely the most gruesome . \" I am satisfied you , Scott , not only deliberately killed this young girl but you planned that killing and carried it circumstances so squalid they would revolt any right-thinking person . \" Her sister , Josie Fleming , told BBC Radio Foyle she was contacted someone who had spotted the killer painting a fence . \" Even we knew the time was coming we are angry and fearful ,\" she said . \" They need to let us know when he is due his official release - it 's important us to know when this evil person will be free to walk the streets . \" Miss Fleming said she believes Scott is \" capable anything \" and should never be freed . \" He took her his flat , he tied her a bed and put a blindfold her eyes and covered her mouth tape ,\" Ms Fleming said . \" He injected her insulin and when she passed away he put her the attic and then took her and put her the bath to cut her . \" \" You never can come terms what happened , we 're learning to live it but we 'll never , ever get it . \" a statement , the prison service said those who register the Victim Information Scheme will get details a person convicted a crime them . They will receive details any temporary release a prisoner is granted , the month and year which a prisoner is expected to be released , any conditions the prisoner 's release and any breaches those conditions which result the prisoner 's return custody . the case life-sentence prisoners , the victim can obtain information the minimum number years the life prisoner must serve , when the life prisoner is being considered release and have the opportunity to give views when the prisoner is considered final release .", "The Aberdeenshire-based company said there had been an \" unprecedented response \" its Equity Punks USA crowdfunding initiative . BrewDog hopes to raise $ 50m six months to help fund expansion North America . Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery Columbus , Ohio . It is scheduled to open later this year . Shares the funding round cost $ 47.50 each , a minimum investment $ 95 . According BrewDog , more 1,200 people have already signed the scheme . its website , the company said : \" This unprecedented response our first crowdfunding round the States shows the demand our beer America , and sets us a community like-minded individuals ready and waiting to help us make our US business an explosive success . \" Its Equity Punks USA investment scheme is the fifth fundraising venture the brewery , and its first the US . The Ellon-based company has raised more \u00a3 26m launching its first Equity Punks crowdfunding round 2009 . Its last UK round raised \u00a3 19m to fund growth plans , including expanding its brewery Ellon and opening new bars . The round , which closed April , fell short its \u00a3 25m target . BrewDog 's British business now employs more 600 people globally and exports 55 countries . It also operates more 40 bars the UK and overseas .", "Unions had won backing strike action the firm proposed closing the final salary scheme , which Tata claimed was facing a \u00c2 \u00a3 2bn deficit . Workers have now agreed amendments the pension scheme return it remaining open . A proposed national strike scheduled 22 June was suspended following talks the arbitration service Acas . Neither the unions nor Tata have given any details the changes . a statement Tata Steel said the new proposal was \" a fair and balanced solution \" . The firm added ; \" The new arrangements , including the modifications scheme benefits , will address a significant proportion the pension scheme 's projected deficit . \" Other actions to be agreed the pension Trustee will address the balance . \" Roy Rickhuss , general secretary Community , one the four unions involved the dispute , said the UK steel industry was still facing \" challenges \" . \" It was apparent this dispute the company was not listening the concerns its workforce , which led a serious breakdown trust and confidence ,\" he said . \" All unions have already begun a dialogue the company to address these issues . \" Tata Steel employs more 17,000 people its UK operation . It has sites Corby , Hartlepool , Rotherham , Scunthorpe , Teesside and York as well plants Port Talbot , Newport , Flintshire and Carmarthenshire .", "The German investment firm , JAB Holding will pay a 78 % premium Friday 's closing price to buy the company . JAB is offering $ 92 a share . more Friday 's price , it 's a discount the $ 157 share price high the company enjoyed November 2014 . The deal will make JAB the biggest player the North American single-serve coffee pod market . \" Keurig Green Mountain represents a major step forward the creation our global coffee platform ,\" said JAB chairman Bart Becht , a statement . JAB has invested heavily the US coffee market . It bought Caribou Coffee Co and Peet 's Coffee & Tea 2012 and formed a joint venture coffeemakers DE Master Blenders and Mondelez International July . Keurig will continue to operate an independent company the purchase . Coca-Cola - Keurig 's biggest investors - voiced its support the deal a statement . Coca-Cola will take a 17.4 % stake the new private company . \" We have enjoyed a strong partnership Keurig Green Mountain , and will continue our collaboration JAB order to capitalize the growth opportunities the single-serve , pod-based segment the cold beverage industry ,\" said Muhtar Kent , Coca-Cola 's chief executive . the higher cost a single-serve coffee pod compared a cup filter coffee , the popularity the machines continues to grow globally . According Euromonitor International the next three five years , sales single serve coffee pods are expected to grow 5 % the US , 10 % Canada and 8 % Mexico . The research firm said the coffee pod business already accounts 40 % the $ 15bn global coffee market . The business is not its critics . The plastic pods have been criticised increasing the amount waste landfills March the creator the K-cups , John Sylvan , told The Atlantic magazine he did not use the machine and acknowledged their cost and impact the environment . \" I feel bad sometimes I ever did it ,\" Sylvan told the magazine .", "a bid to promote password security , Strathclyde University produced a poster saying : \" Bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes she 'd used a StR0nG _ Pas5w0Rd %.\" The image attracted criticism social media , the Glasgow-based university accused \" victim blaming \" . The university said the poster had been removed and should not have been made . An image the poster was tweeted Monday Billy McCauley who said : \" Pretty shocking victim blaming here . Will you take it ? \" A short time later , Strathclyde University tweeted : \" The posters are being removed now . They should not have produced and we are looking how this happened . \" A spokesman the university later said : \" The posters are bad taste and have now been removed campus . The sentiment expressed is not consistent the values this university . \" Dozens private pictures Hunger Games actress Lawrence were released the internet September . Other celebrities targeted the leaks included Rihanna , Kate Upton , Selena Gomez and Kim Kardashian . It is thought the photos were taken the stars' iCloud accounts and were shared other websites .", "The victim , named police Ali Nasrollahi , 22 , was found collapsed Barnet Tuesday afternoon . Mr Nasrollahi , who was found the junction Woodside Grange Road and Grangeway , was treated paramedics a single stab wound but died soon arriving hospital . Police have launched a murder inquiry and have appealed witnesses to come forward . No arrests have been made . Det Insp Julie Willats said : \" We know the victim had driven Woodside Grange Road one his friends and met another friend , who had also driven there . \" some stage , the victim interacted a group four suspects , that interaction we believe he was stabbed . \" The group suspects then ran Grangeway and an alleyway that leads Woodside Avenue . \" The victim 's friend Mohamed Musalam said : \" I 'm shocked ... I had to call 10 people to confirm it was just unreal . \" He did n't deserve it at all , he was n't that sort a person where he hangs the wrong crowd or anything that . \" He was a happy guy , the sort guy that comes a group and makes everyone laugh . I am heartbroken . \" Officers are carrying a forensic search the area .", "Chiefs , third the Premiership , had only four players included squads this year 's Six Nations . That compares the seven players called each leaders Wasps , second-placed Saracens and fourth-placed Bath 's squads . Asked that was a surprise , Baxter replied : \" not particularly \" . \" You 've got to understand we 've finished the end the season very well and we had guys away Saxons duty and other internationals , we actually did n't start this season very well ,\" he told BBC Radio Devon . \" We were n't performing either a team or individually the intensity that you need to to demand an international selection . \" I think Luke Cowan-Dickie is getting close now , you can see the level his performances the last month or so have been fantastic , and I think Henry [ Slade ] is very close . \" But overall we want to drive our players the international setups we have to perform a very high intensity and individuals they have to perform a very high intensity . \"", "Penglais Farm will have a total 1,000 rooms , but only 700 will be ready this month to welcome students . The university said developer Balfour Beatty confirmed the remaining 300 rooms will be ready the 2015-16 academic year . Balfour Beatty has been asked to comment . The unfinished rooms have not been let students .", "Paw Patrol 's Skye and Marshall did not appear a Christmas lights switch Londonderry Thursday night . Derry City and Strabane District Council has since apologised . Broadcaster Nickelodeon said they had not \" organised or authorised \" the use the characters the event . Nickleodeon 's Paul Hamilton said there are no official PAW Patrol appearances anywhere the UK or Ireland present . The character 's appearance had featured prominently pre-event promotion . Derry City and Strabane District Council marketing officer Jacqueline Whoriskey said every effort was made to secure Skye and Marshall , and the council was \" sorry to disappoint people \" . She added : \" We were contacted very late the day the official licensee America to say the company we were using did not have the appropriate licences . \" We tried our best to resolve it time - unfortunately it did n't work - and are really , really disappointed \" . Strabane 's Christmas lights will be switched Saturday but Skye and Marshall will not be there . They had been due to share top billing Santa Claus . the PAW Patrol no show , thousands gathered Londonderry 's Guildhall Square and Waterloo Street Thursday night 's switch .", "The ex-Villa player and Nottingham Forest boss , 51 , quit his role Chris Hughton 's number two prior Friday 's 1-1 draw the two sides . \" When I heard Colin was interested he shot the top the pile ,\" Villa boss Steve Bruce told the club website . \" We interviewed two or three people but I knew Colin was available there was only one person I wanted here . \" The move the West Midlands gives Calderwood , who also previously managed Hibernian and Northampton Town , a shorter daily commuting distance his Northampton home . Media playback is not supported this device A Brighton statement released Friday said Calderwood , who was placed gardening leave 12 November , had left the club a job \" elsewhere \" . \" We have to move on ,\" added Hughton . \" We have a team that is very well drilled this moment . My main concern is we have no disruption here . I will think long and hard bringing someone that position . \" Bruce took Villa boss 12 October , bringing former Birmingham City player Stephen Clemence head coach , having had him part his backroom team Sunderland and Hull City . The club also named Ian Atkins their new chief scout / head European recruitment . Villa director football Steve Round added : \" We are delighted to secure the services Colin . He is an excellent coach and an outstanding person . \" He has a wealth experience the highest level and will be a great addition our management team . \" Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "Media playback is not supported this device The team finished second but the final handover Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili , 18 , was not completed time . Gemili said : \" Maybe I went early or too hard . It 's disappointing we could have been contention the final . \" \" It looked Gemili went a little bit early . There could have been a situation where Adam was just so amped and excited this crowd , this moment and this opportunity that he was running a little bit faster the mark was made . \" Favourites Jamaica rested Usain Bolt but still won heat one , , the second , the United States recorded the fastest overall qualification time . Britain , who won this event the 2004 Games Athens , were disqualified Beijing four years ago and have now made a mess baton changes five the last six major championships . Talbot said : \" I do n't know what happened . I just could n't catch Adam . I 'm really gutted and it 's devastating . \" Christian Malcolm , who ran the first leg Britain , described the outcome \" unfortunate \" . He added : \" It 's one those things that happens but it 's a fantastic performance to run the time we did . Daniel has come in the last moment . This is a big stadium and it can be overwhelming . \"", "A 38-year-old man , who was a back seat car passenger , is a critical but stable condition hospital following the B9080 crash about 22:15 Wednesday . The injured passenger suffered serious stomach and abdomen injuries . The Vauxhall Zafira was travelling south when it crashed a First bus Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The driver the car , a 58-year-old man , suffered spinal injuries and a fractured ankle . The front seat passenger , a 34-year-old man , had injuries his face and leg . All were admitted hospital . Three the bus passengers were treated hospital minor injuries . They have all since been discharged . Police said the driver and six other passengers the single-decker bus were treated the scene . The bus had 26 people board . A First Bluebird spokeswoman : \" We can confirm one our Service 38 vehicles was involved a collision yesterday 22:15 Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The bus was travelling Falkirk Edinburgh . \" Unfortunately the incident resulted a number injuries and our thoughts are the injured this time . \" We have launched an investigation to establish exactly what happened and are assisting Police Scotland their inquiries . \"", "Mohammed Anwar , Thornliebank , was trapped the forklift when it appeared to hit a kerb , causing it to crash . The incident happened about 10:30 Friday Mr Anwar was driving Glenburn Road East Kilbride . Emergency services attended but he died the scene . There were no other vehicles involved . Police Scotland said there were several people the time the crash and officers are appealing people who were the area the time to contact them .", "Adams will make her professional debut Manchester Saturday when she fights Argentina 's Virginia Carcamo . \" Virgil has a lot knowledge and one thing I like him is he knows how to take an Olympic champion and turn them a pro ,\" said Adams , 34 . \" He did it Andre [ Ward ] and he 's capable doing the same me . \" American Ward , 33 , has gone winning gold the 2004 Olympics becoming a two-weight world champion and being unbeaten 31 fights . Adams has been training the likes IBF , WBA and WBO light-heavyweight champion Ward she prepares her fight , and says doing so \" has left me a bit awe , to be honest \" . She added : \" every fighter , my ultimate goal is to headline a show Las Vegas and the way the sport is building the moment I see no reason why I ca n't get there . \" Other female boxers Claressa Shields and Katie Taylor have been putting women 's professional boxing the map and now I 've joined them it can only raise the bar again . \"", "Media playback is unsupported your device 26 October 2014 Last updated 00:31 BST She released her first solo album Malagasy Blues Song 2013 , but she has a long career her . She comes a musical family 15 children , and this performance the BBC 's Africa Beats series , she is supported her brothers , Pata and Dozzy Njava , and her cousin Christian Ravalison , all whom are respected musicians Belgium , where they now live . Lala Njava is passionately concerned the issues her native land faces , especially deforestation , and is donating a portion the revenues her CD sales a tree planting project . More Africa Beats", "The team King 's College London say smokers are more likely to develop the disorder and a younger age . Published the Lancet Psychiatry , their analysis 61 separate studies suggests nicotine cigarette smoke may be altering the brain . Experts said it was a \" pretty strong case \" but needed more research . Smoking has long been associated psychosis , but it has often been believed schizophrenia patients are more likely to smoke they use cigarettes a form self-medication to ease the distress hearing voices or having hallucinations . The team King 's looked data involving 14,555 smokers and 273,162 non-smokers . It indicated : The argument is there is a higher rate smoking schizophrenia is diagnosed , then smoking is not simply a case self-medication . Dr James MacCabe , the Institute Psychiatry , Psychology and Neuroscience King 's , said : \" It 's very difficult to establish causation [ this style study ] , what we 're hoping this does is really open our eyes the possibility tobacco could be a causative agent psychosis , and we hope this will then lead other research and clinical trials that would help to provide firmer evidence . \" Clearly most smokers do not develop schizophrenia , but the researchers believe it is increasing the risk . The overall incidence the condition is one every 100 people normally , which may be increased two 100 smoking . The researchers said nicotine altered levels the brain chemical dopamine , which has already been implicated the psychosis . Prof Michael Owen , the director the Institute Psychological Medicine Cardiff University , said the researchers had made a \" pretty strong case \" smoking may increase the risk schizophrenia . \" The fact is it is very hard to prove causation a randomised trial , but there are plenty good reasons already targeting public health measures very energetically the mentally ill . \" The charity Rethink Mental Illness said : \" We know 42 % all cigarettes smoked England are people mental health problems , and so any new findings the link smoking and psychosis is a potential worry . \" However , longer-term studies are needed to fully understand this potential link . \"", "Two crews and a hovercraft Weston-super-Mare were called just midnight to rescue two adults and the children Uphill beach . The police and ambulance service also attended , the fire service said . Avon Fire and Rescue have warned people not to park or walk the beach the dark the fast-rising tides .", "Lewis , 19 , signed a three-year contract the English Premier League club Friday , having played three FA Cup games them last season . Manager Ray McKinnon has also given a contract Deniz Mehmet following his departure Port Vale . Hibernian midfielder Sam Stanton has also made the move United a one-year loan deal . The arrivals come Cammy Bell , last season 's first-choice goalkeeper , possibly leaving Tannadice to return Kilmarnock . Bell , 30 , is believed to be keen a move the Scottish Premiership club . McKinnon said Lewis : \" I expect him to challenge the starting position . \" Harry comes here one the top young goalkeeping prospects English football . \" It says so much his ambition and desire he has chosen to come Scotland to get first-team involvement . \" It is a coup us to bring him Tannadice and I am positive we will hear much more him his career . \" Lewis , who has represented England youth level , joined Southampton hometown club Shrewsbury Town 2015 , hopes to challenge starts the Scottish Championship club . \" I am excited the prospect being involved first-team football ,\" he told United 's website . \" I believe I am joining a winning team that will be challenging the top the league and want to play my part helping the club secure the title . \" Stanton becomes United 's ninth summer signing and their fourth the week . The 24-year-old Mehmet returns Scottish football having played Falkirk joining Port Vale January . Dutch midfielder Jordie Briels also signed a one-year contract the 25-year-old left Fortuna Sittard his homeland .", "Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board ( BCUHB ) gave \u00a3 20,000 the Lap Wales Challenge . But the Wales Audit Office found the board breached its own rules and regulations handling the funding . Board officials said they would learn the experience auditors highlighted a lack transparency and poorly-managed conflicts interest . Auditors also found the health board failed to follow procurement rules when appointing suppliers the event . The Lap Wales Challenge was organised Cerddwn Ymlaen the leadership its national organiser Eryl Vaughan and was fronted the Welsh opera singer Rhys Meirion . The event cost more \u00a3 150,000 to arrange and the surplus was \u00a3 1,368 . The challenge saw a number Welsh celebrities undertaking a week-long journey Wales July 2015 to raise awareness the Welsh Government 's changes the organ donation law . It was arranged aid Cronfa Elen . The fund was set Mr Meirion memory his sister who died 2012 , and was incorporated BCUHB 's own official charity , Awyr Las / Blue Sky 2014 . The health board awarded \u00a3 20,000 the event , another \u00a3 20,000 coming Cardiff and Vale Health Board and \u00a3 45,000 the Welsh Government . The report found \u00a3 10,000 BCUHB 's contribution was awarded a loan , but the paperwork was not processed the health board 's financial team . that , the funds were transferred . Cerddwn Ymlaen said it was not aware it received a loan rather a grant and would not have agreed it , had it known . To ensure the Lap Wales project was not deficit , Cerddwn Ymlaen undertook additional fundraising to meet the \u00a3 154,054 cost completing the challenge . Concerns were also raised a breach the health board 's financial regulations relation the challenge . A spokesperson BCUHB said : \" The health board was very keen to learn this experience which is why it asked the Wales Audit Office to carry this review , we recognise to achieve the objectives the charity , it is important to work external bodies . \" Such arrangements are underpinned trust , common objectives and mutual cooperation but misunderstandings can occur . \" Officials added a new joint-working protocol would provide a robust governance framework future projects and require all arrangements to be formalised .", "The incident happened Morningside Road , Jordan Lane , about 11:45 Sunday . A local diversion was put place Comiston Road and Churchill Place , following the incident . Police Scotland have appealed anyone who may have seen the elderly woman , or the bin lorry , the incident occurred . Sgt Andrew Miller , the road policing unit , said : \" The woman was walking a wheeled walking aid , similar a zimmer frame , and we 're hopeful anyone who might have seen her will come forward relevant information . \"", "The John Deere tractor was pulled officers the village Ripley and had two other males board . The vehicle had been seen nearby Harrogate about 05:00 GMT no headlights . Police said the driver had no licence , was not insured and did not have permission the tractor 's owner . The vehicle was seized , the three due to be interviewed officers . Posting Twitter , Insp Chris Galley said : \" A strange end a night shift . 15-year-old lad driving a tractor a taxi his drunk mates . \"", "Anh Nhu Nguyen , 52 , Beckenham , south-east London , is accused defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council posing a victim the fire nearly two weeks . He pleaded not guilty both counts Southwark Crown Court Friday . He was remanded custody and his trial is due to take place December . Westminster Magistrates' Court heard last month Mr Nguyen claimed he lived the North Kensington block , and his wife and son had died the blaze . The court also heard he was given a hotel room , clothing , food , electrical items and cash he went the Westway Sports Centre , where he allegedly claimed to have lost all his possessions , The centre had been set one the focal points the local relief effort . The tower block fire 14 June killed at least 80 people and made hundreds homeless .", "Robert Fidler built the house Salfords , the Surrey greenbelt , 2000 and hid it hay bales . He told Mr Justice Dove London 's High Court his \" beautiful home \" had now been \" carefully dismantled \" . \" Hopefully , it will be rebuilt another site full planning permission ,\" he said . a previous hearing , Mr Fidler , 66 , had been told to tear his home 6 June or face jail . Monday , Stephen Whale , counsel Reigate and Banstead Borough Council , told the judge Mr Fidler had made \" very good progress terms complying the requirements the enforcement notices \" , but he had not \" fully complied the requirements \" . The house had been \" very largely \" demolished , he said , but there was \" still more to be done \" , including restoring the land its former agricultural use . He said the \" technical legal position \" was Mr Fidler remained contempt court , but the parties had agreed the matter to be adjourned a month to give him \" an opportunity completely to comply \" . Representing himself , Mr Fidler insisted : \" I broke no law . I was looking my family . I acted good faith . I am a law-abiding citizen . \" He described the four bedroom castle a \" work art built lawfully \" , but said he would \" fully comply \" the council enforcement notices . Mr Justice Dove adjourned the case 4 July , but said he hoped it would not be necessary it to return court . Mr Fidler told him : \" I assure you we will not have to come back . \" the end the hearing , he said the judge : \" When I rebuild my house , I want you to come and see it . \"", "The \u00a3 570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began March 2012 . The first public trams started running 06:00 BST . facing criticism causing disruption businesses and commuters , Nottingham City Council insists the service will transform the local economy . Delays were initially blamed unexpected numbers pipes and cables having to be moved , and then work to replace part the track bed . \u00a3 570m Initial budget 28 new stations 11 miles new track 22 new trams 20 million passenger capacity Contractor Vinci has reported the problems contributed a \u00a3 165m loss its civil engineering division . Jane Urquhart , who has lead responsibility operation company NET Nottingham City Council , said it was a \" really great day \" the city . \" trams running every seven minutes , it is all set to provide easier access key locations right the city ,\" she said . \" The tram provides the backbone the city 's integrated transport network , underpinning all the efforts to reduce congestion , improve the environment and make Nottingham an even better place to live , work or visit . \" NET and the city council had resisted calls to name a date the new lines opening but final testing had been ongoing recent weeks . Steve Barber , vice president the Light Rail Transit Association and former Broxtowe borough councillor said : \" We are very relieved , , I think , are a lot people Beeston . \" It has been a quite difficult ride the past few years construction has been its worst ... and it is going to do wonders the town and the city . \" Stephen Knight , a butcher Clifton , said : \" We are optimistic . It has caused disruption , normal trade dropped a third but the workers have helped . \" Now we will see the public come back - but there are still a lot parking restrictions outside . \" Lisa Withers , a nearby florist , said : \" I was really pleased to have been the first tram Clifton - and seeing the one Toton arrive has been fantastic . \" It is a really great day the city and I think we will now see some real regeneration and the tram driving Nottingham forward people who live here and who work here and people who want to visit . \"", "Builders working the BBC programme were targeted helping the project West Bromwich . Show bosses said three vans have been hit the past week . Volunteers are transforming the family home a mother who died cancer . Presenter Nick Knowles tweeted Wednesday to say he was \" really disappointed \" the thefts . The programme is extending the home Sandra Chambers , who has looked her two grandchildren the death their mother Crystal October 2015 . See more stories Birmingham and the Black Country here Show bosses said two vans - a Peugeot and a Ford - were broken Wednesday morning and tools taken . Thursday a Mercedes Sprinter was also broken , but nothing was stolen . The thefts have been reported West Midlands Police . End Twitter post @ MrNickKnowles Mr Knowles' tweet prompted a local Peugeot dealership to get touch and he later thanked them their help , as well another person who gave \u00c2 \u00a3 30 to cover repairs . The project to extend the house is being completed the DIY SOS team and an army volunteers , including local tradespeople and neighbours , a nine-day build .", "The oil firm said revenues the year fell 27 % \u00a3 1.6bn the price oil continued to fall 2015 . It is the second year a row the oil company has reported a loss . 2014 , it reported a loss \u00a3 2bn . Tullow also warned there was a risk it could fail to comply its financial covenants this year . Financial covenants are agreements companies make their lenders to maintain a stable financial position . Oil prices have slumped 70 % the middle 2014 , many the oil majors cutting investment exploration and production . That has also led the loss more 5,000 jobs the North Sea oil industry . Tullow said it could cut annual capital expenditure as low $ 300m 2017 , down $ 1.1bn planned 2016 , market conditions did not improve . The firm said it had reduced headcount 37 % and was track to deliver cash savings around $ 500m three years . It also said it would pay no dividend 2015 . Tullow Oil chief executive Aidan Heavey said : \" Our challenge 2016 is to be equally robust responding the uncertainties that remain the sector . \" He added : \" . we look ahead , we have a portfolio world class , low cost oil assets which will produce 100,000 barrels day 2017 and a major position one the world 's newest , low cost , oil provinces East Africa , both enabling us to create substantial value . \"", "John Johnston , 27 , admitted taking the vehicle consent and driving the legal alcohol limit . He was spotted a CCTV operator committing the offence and stopped police Buccleuch Street . Dumfries Sheriff Court he was ordered to carry 100 hours unpaid work and given the driving ban . Johnston , who had moved Belfast Dumfries , committed the offence September this year . He had been staying homeless accommodation the town and took the roller Brooms Road . He then drove it town a bid to get home a night drinking a friend . \" I was just trying to find my way home ,\" he told the court an earlier appearance .", "Lagavulin is launching a single cask edition 522 bottles its single malt to raise funds local projects . Sales the \u00a3 1,494 bottles are set to see \u00a3 310,000 donated Islay Heritage to help build a story the island 's past based its archaeological sites . The Finlaggan Trust , which maintains the historical home the Lord the Isles , should also receive \u00a3 60,000 . The Lagavulin 200 Legacy is set to make further contributions the local swimming pool , cyber cafe and arts and festival organisations , as well a new partnership the RSPB to restore and conserve peatlands the island . Nick Morgan , Lagavulin 's owners Diageo , said : \" We have had a fantastic year celebrating the 200th anniversary Lagavulin , both Islay and the hundreds thousands people the world who adore the whisky . \" Islay and its remarkable local community are the heart Lagavulin . \" That 's why we were determined there should be a legacy the anniversary which would directly benefit the island and its people . \" We believe our contribution Islay Heritage is not only great significance the island itself but is an important contribution conserving and promoting the history and heritage Scotland . \" Bottles the Lagavulin 1991 Single Malt Scotch Whisky cask can only be purchased an online ballot The Whisky Exchange . The first bottle will be auctioned separately to raise more charitable funds , and one bottle will be donated the Diageo Archive and the Whisky Exchange . Steven Mithen , trustee Islay Heritage and professor archaeology , said : \" Islay Heritage is hugely grateful the Lagavulin 200 Legacy the support it is providing to further our knowledge the archaeological sites and monuments Islay . \" This investment our heritage will greatly benefit both the local community and visitors the island . \" some Islay 's sites and monuments are very well known and accessible , others are virtually unknown , difficult to find and rarely visited . \" There are no doubt many more waiting to be discovered which will help tell us more not only Islay 's story but that Scotland , Europe and the path human culture a whole . \" We are delighted Lagavulin shares our vision to reveal Islay 's past it can be explored and enjoyed everyone . \"", "The United Airlines flight UA2081 took Edinburgh Airport 14:22 but declared a second emergency a short time later . It comes a day the same aircraft diverted Edinburgh London Heathrow a fuel leak problem . There were no passengers the plane . Edinburgh Airport officials said there had been no impact operations . The plane landed back Edinburgh 15:30 , circling the airport 10 minutes . An United Airlines spokesman said : \" United Airlines flight UA2081 Edinburgh Chicago today ( July 13 , 2016 ) , which was being repositioned and was not carrying any customers , returned Edinburgh Airport take-off a mechanical issue . \"", "The 14-year-old Blackpool disappeared 1 November 2003 . Her body has never been found . Karen Downes said she is taking legal action a 13-year gap releasing CCTV images the teenager 's last day alive . Lancashire Police has declined to comment . She said the footage that detectives released 2016 , 13 years she went missing , could have helped solve the case had it been available earlier . \" They had [ the CCTV ] 13 years ,\" said Mrs Downes . \" It shows Charlene the town that afternoon the same clothes she disappeared . \" they 'd have shown it before ... who knows ? \" We have suffered all these years not knowing where she is . \" She said police \" need teaching a lesson \" . \" It is not the money . I want to force the police to do their job ,\" she said . \" I got money I would get something Charlene a memorial . \" Charlene is shown the CCTV her sister Rebecca Bank Hey Street walking the Coral Island amusement arcade . She went home but returned Blackpool town centre later that evening - the last time she was seen . A judge cleared a man Charlene 's murder 2008 \" grave doubts \" were raised evidence his second trial . The jury his first trial failed to reach a verdict . 2009 , the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said police evidence-gathering errors contributed the retrial 's collapse . The IPCC found strategic and tactical failure the management the material and several officers were disciplined , one forced to resign 2011 . But this resignation order was overturned a 2012 Police Arbitration Tribunal .", "The police say Mr Bach is being treated a witness , not a suspect . Officers have found emails Mr Bach another senior IOC official Patrick Hickey , who was arrested last month and is facing charges . Mr Hickey , ex-head the Irish Olympic Committee , denies all allegations . Police investigators Rio told the BBC 's Wyre Davies they would like to know what Mr Bach 's influence was Olympic ticketing policy . They said the IOC president received personal requests hundreds high-value tickets , the Olympics opening ceremony , the 100m final and the football final Mr Hickey . Police say Mr Hickey received 296 tickets his written request the IOC president . They have not , thus far , made any contact the president 's office to request a formal interview . Mr Hickey was arrested the Olympic games and spent time the notorious Bangu high security jail fellow Irishman Kevin Mallon . He was released bail the end August but had to return his passport the Brazilian authorities and was ordered not to leave the country . A prosecutor laid charges him Tuesday . A judge will now decide to accept or reject the charges . Mr Hickey , 71 , has formally stood aside president the Olympic Council Ireland and European Olympic Committees' president the investigation . Mr Mallon is the Dublin-based director THG Sports , a corporate and sports hospitality company . Mr Bach cancelled a planned appearance Rio this week the opening the Paralympic Games , personal reasons . Mr Bach has not returned Rio the Olympics and missed the opening ceremony the Paralympics the Maracana Wednesday . He said would remain Germany the funeral his friend Walter Scheel , the former West German foreign minister and deputy chancellor , who died last month aged 97 . IOC officials said Mr Bach would now not travel Brazil the funeral he was unable to reschedule other commitments . The Paralympics run 18 September . The last time an IOC president failed to attend a Paralympics was 2010 , when Jacques Rogge missed the whole the Winter Games Vancouver .", "The final member the family , a male marmoset called Gomez , was found police Monday , having been abandoned a vets' doorstep . A female and a baby were retrieved Sunday , and are already back Symbio Wildlife Park , south Sydney . Two men have pleaded guilty charges dealing proceeds crime . Brothers Jesse and Jackson George are not believed to have snatched the monkeys their enclosure , but they were charged trying to profit the theft . Pygmy marmosets - the world 's smallest monkey species - command A $ 5,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 , $ 3,700 ) the black market . Police found the men a tip-off the public . A desperate appeal information had been launched the zoo , fears the baby marmoset would die 48 hours unable to feed its mother . The four-week-old was found when the Georges' car was pulled Appin , southwest Sydney . The female marmoset was found about 20km ( 12 miles ) away the Campbelltown area . Australian newspaper The Daily Telegraph said the brothers had exchanged marmoset pictures a third person mobile phone , messages how much a monkey could sell . \" Ay , check my monkey ,\" wrote the third person , according court documents . \" That 's mad bro . Wanna sell it bruh ? \" Jackson George replied . The baby marmoset is now home and well , said Symbio Wildlife Park , they reunited it its mother . \" Mum cradled the baby straight her arms and bub immediately began to feed ,\" the zoo wrote a statement Facebook . Police say they are continuing their investigation the theft . The zoo said the marmoset enclosure is currently closed \" to give the family privacy \" .", "That 's according a new report a senior group MPs . Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee said recruiters should try websites Mumsnet to help increase the proportion female spies . It wants more them working places MI5 , MI6 and communications spy centre GCHQ . The report says women the intelligence services are being held back a layer male , middle managers labelled \" the permafrost \" who have a \" very traditional male mentality and outlook \" . Mumsnet chief executive Justine Roberts responded the call recruiters to use things her website but we 're thinking she was n't being entirely serious . \" I 'm afraid I 'm unable to comment I have an urgent appointment a rock St. James 's Park . \" the report showed 37 % staff MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ are women , it also pointed they make less one five senior staff . However , things have been changing recent years . Stella Rimington became the first female boss MI5 1992 . That was three years actress Judi Dench took James Bond 's boss , M , the British film franchise . response the report the government said : \" We are committed ensuring the most talented people succeed and reach top positions , regardless gender , ethnicity , sexuality or disability . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter , BBCNewsbeat Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad , the Caliph the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community ( AMC ) , said his \" heartfelt sympathies \" were the victims . He was speaking a Peace Symposium held the Baitul Futuh Mosque Morden , south London Saturday . Five people died and 50 were hurt Parliament , last Wednesday . a message Prime Minister Theresa May praised the conference , which she called \" an annual reminder your community 's commitment promoting peace \" . MPs Paul Scully and Siobhan McDonagh were the hundreds who attended the event the UK 's largest mosque . The caliph described the attack central London a \" barbaric atrocity \" . \" No matter what terrorists may claim , no circumstances are indiscriminate acts , or killings ever justified ,\" he said . He added Muslims and non-Muslims \" must stand all forms oppression , hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace the world . \" Three people were killed Wednesday 's attack when Khalid Masood drove his car pedestrians Westminster Bridge , stabbing death unarmed PC Keith Palmer . Masood was then shot dead police .", "The 31-year-old had publicly revealed she was expecting her third child a concert May . A statement her Twitter account Monday said : \" Charlotte and Jonny are very sad to announce they lost their baby . Now is a time grieving and being together a family . \" We kindly ask everyone to respect that peace . \" The Cardiff-born star and her partner , musician Jonny Powell , have been together seven years . She is already a mother nine-year-old Ruby and Dexter , eight , her previous relationship Gavin Henson .", "Guy Tomlinson , 37 , was being chased officers when his car hit a tipper truck Leicester 9 March 2016 . David Anger and Christopher Needham , who were both passengers the car , died the crash Fosse Road South . addition the prison term , Tomlinson was also given a 15-year driving ban Leicester Crown Court . The collision was described \" horrific \" Leicestershire police . More this story and other news Leicestershire Tomlinson previously pleaded guilty two counts causing death dangerous driving , two counts causing death driving uninsured and two counts causing death driving unlicensed . Two people the lorry suffered minor injuries the crash and damage was caused a shop the corner Upperton Road . Det Sgt Mark Watling said : \" This was a horrific collision which resulted the death two men . \" Prior the collision Tomlinson was travelling speeds excess 64mph ( 102kmph ) and failed to stop a police officer Narborough Road South . \" He took a massive risk that night when he disregarded the traffic lights and used excessive speed , he will now be facing a considerable amount time prison . \" The Independent Police Complaints Commission is still investigating the crash .", "Jocelyn McKay is now 81 and said she feels \" released \" the feelings that gripped her so long . \" I may be old , but least I am happy ,\" she told BBC News NI . \" I had n't really lived I got the operation . \" years I felt I was the wrong body and it was n't I was 69 that I plucked the courage to ask help . \" It was only a trip Manchester some friends , which Ms McKay lived a woman , she realised the surgery was something she needed . \" I was a cross-dresser , I went away dressed a man and I came home dressed a man , but times I was a woman ,\" she said . But cross-dressing was not good enough her . When Ms McKay returned her trip , she visited her GP , who referred her a specialist . She said : \" I had been going the doctor a range ailments and he said me : ' Thank God you 've finally told me what 's wrong . '\" Every week three or four people present themselves transgender the Regional Gender Identity and Psychosexual Service Knockbracken Belfast . They typically make contact the clinic a GP referral or a drop-in facility every week . 200 people are currently being treated the clinic 50 more the waiting list . More half them are aged 18 and 25 . The number adults going the clinic is doubling year year . The clinic provides adults assessment , psychological support and onward referral hormone replacement therapy and surgery where appropriate . A gender identity panel to strategically look the issues facing transgender people met the first time Stormont Monday . It was formed the peer support group Focus - The Identity Trust . It comprises politicians Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 and the Alliance party , as well a Presbyterian minister , the Reverend Lesley Carroll , and others a long-standing interest human rights . The Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 minister Megan Fearon said the gathering was \" bringing marginalised people together , giving them space to discuss transgender issues and engaging politicians a way that had not been done before \" . \" Transgender people still experience discrimination nearly every walk life ,\" she said . The panel will address trans-phobic hate crime and access health and education .", "The new world was found our Solar System , 100 light-years away . It 's been named 51 Eridani b and is only 20 million years old - very young astronomical standards . The alien world could give us more information the formation our Solar System . The find was made the Gemini Planet Imager ( GPI ) , which looks young planets orbiting bright nearby stars . Our own Jupiter is the largest planet the solar system - it 's so big you could fit 1,300 Earths it ! It 's also the fastest rotating planet too , 1 day only lasting 10 hours - but a year Jupiter lasts 12 Earth years . Jupiter does n't have a solid surface and is made gas , giving it the name ' gas giant ' . The baby Jupiter has the strongest methane gas signature ever found an alien planet . The astronomers also detected water using the GPI 's spectrometer instrument . Scientists hope studying far away worlds , they can learn more how common the structure our Solar System is . Astronomers believe the gas giants our Solar System formed slowly - building a large core a few million years and then pulling in a huge amount hydrogen and other gases to form an atmosphere . This is known a \" cold-start \" . But the Jupiter-like planets that have been discovered so far are much hotter scientists have predicted . Which could mean they formed quickly - gas collapses to make a scorching planet what is known a ' hot-start ' .", "Kitchens , toilets and washing facilities haven been installed Tredegar Park the first demonstration expected Saturday , five days the summit . More 150 heads state and ministers will attend the two-day event Newport 's Celtic Manor Resort . Police have taken Rodney Parade sports ground to manage extra policing . Security the summit will be provided 9,500 police officers drawn 43 UK police forces 12 miles ( 20km ) security fencing already place keys sites Cardiff and Newport . But the million dollar question is how many campaigners will descend Newport , according Eddie Clarke , the No Nato Newport group . He is one a core 100 volunteers several campaign groups such the Campaign Nuclear Disarmament ( CND ) , who have set the campsite anticipation their supporters needing somewhere to pitch tents staying Newport to protest their cause front world leaders and media . Groups Stop the War have organised coaches peace campaigners being driven in London , Birmingham , Norwich and Newcastle . They also expect campaigners to come further afield a Counter Summit Sunday including speakers representing peace movements the US and Russia their bid to \" end the drive war and military spending \" . Newport council said it had been given assurances the camp will be a \" peaceful encampment \" and will not interfere the park 's normal activities . A spokesperson said : \" Newport City Council is continuing to work partner agencies to monitor the situation and minimise the impact such a camp . \" Gwent Police have taken Rodney Parade sports ground to help manage the huge security operation already described \" unchartered territory \" the office charge . A police spokesperson told the South Wales Argus it was one a number local venues being used various activities , including booking officers and duty , briefings , and canteen facilities . The Nato security operation budget would pick the bill hiring the facility which is the home the Newport Gwent Dragons , Newport County FC and Newport RFC , the spokesperson added .", "The Duchess Cambridge 's sister took civil court action a \" person or persons unknown \" her account was said to have been hacked . The Sun reported it was offered the images , which included shots Prince George and Princess Charlotte . A 35-year-old man was arrested suspicion an offence the Computer Misuse Act and later bailed . The allegations emerged private pictures were said to have been offered the newspaper encrypted messaging service WhatsApp . The Sun said it had been approached someone using a pseudonym and asking \u00c2 \u00a3 50,000 48 hours . Barrister Adam Wolanski , who led Miss Middleton 's legal team , said she thought there had been a \" genuine hack \" . He said it was a \" flagrant \" and \" criminal \" act which had caused Miss Middleton \" considerable distress \" . Police said they were investigating the allegations and a 35-year-old man had been released police bail pending further inquiries . He was arrested an address Northamptonshire late Saturday . the summer , Miss Middleton and hedge fund manager James Matthews confirmed their engagement , a wedding planned next year . Several high-profile figures have had images stolen their iCloud accounts , including actress Jennifer Lawrence and singer Rihanna . July , American Edward Majerczyk pleaded guilty running a phishing campaign to steal private pictures and videos film and TV stars , what was known the \" celebgate \" affair .", "Open-side flanker Sam Underhill has been ruled four months a shoulder injury . McCusker made 133 appearances Scarlets moving London Irish last season , where he played 17 games . The 30-year-old has won 10 caps and joins Ospreys having initially signed Welsh Premiership club Carmarthen Quins following his release Irish . \" Sam 's injury and one or two others working their way back full fitness who are not quite there yet , we felt we needed someone else in to help us this period ,\" said Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy . \" We are fortunate to have someone Rob 's versatility and experience available and have brought him the environment a view him helping us prepare Zebre home the opening round the Pro12 next month . \"", "The convoy was heading northern Paris its way Le Bourget airport late Sunday evening when it was raided , reports say . The gunmen seized a vehicle carrying the money and documents , later releasing the driver and two others . The convoy was said to have come the Saudi embassy . No-one was hurt . The gunmen , reportedly armed Kalashnikov rifles , targeted a Mercedes mini-van 21:15 ( 19:15 GMT ) the northern ring road , or peripherique , Porte de la Chapelle , the edge Paris . The motorcade , belonging a Saudi prince , was ambushed eight people two separate vehicles who pointed their guns the driver the Mercedes , forcing him to stop , French media reported . The men then drove the vehicle away the driver and the two other Saudis inside . No shots were fired but the Saudis were later freed . \" the vehicle there was roughly 250,000 euros cash and official documents the embassy ,\" police union spokesman Rocco Contento told BFM TV news . According Contento , the operation lasted just a few seconds , something that pointed \" a very organised and especially informed commando unit , who had information and accomplices \" . \" As far I am concerned , it looks very much it could be commandos eastern Europe , who we know , who are often paid to do dirty work . \" The Mercedes was heading Le Bourget airport paperwork the departing prince , who has not been named , according the prosecutor 's office . Le Bourget is often used high-level visitors taking private jets Paris . The vehicle was eventually found abandoned and another the gang 's cars was found burned .", "But they are also applicable when you meet Sara Cox - English rugby union 's only referee Rio 2016 . a 92-year absence , rugby union is back the biggest stage sport has to offer , Sevens tournaments men and women . \" Everybody knows the Olympics is a great sporting event , no matter what sport you 're involved ,\" said Cox , a break matches the European Sevens series event Sandy Park , the home Exeter Chiefs . \" To have the chance to go out there and to have the best seat the house is a fantastic opportunity . \" A former player , the 26-year-old Cox turned refereeing 2007 being injured , and nine years later has become the sole woman to be centrally-contracted a match official the Rugby Football Union . As well taking charge top women 's matches , Cox also referees men 's games semi-professional level National Two South . \" Rugby is a game respect , and it does n't matter who you are , you go the pitch and you 're there to do a job . I do n't see myself any different my male counterparts ,\" she replied , when asked the obligatory ' woman a man 's world ' question . \" the years I 've been a bit an unknown - there 's not many us that are active the moment , and climbing the ranks we become fewer and fewer . \" You 're there the pitch to facilitate the game and the players do n't mind that , it does n't matter I 'm a female . \" When you ask an Olympics-bound athlete what their goals are , the answer is usually pretty simple - personal best , get the podium , maybe a gold medal - but what a referee ? \" My goal is to go far possible , so that means I referee the gold medal final , then absolutely fantastic ,\" she said . \" It 's not that much different us compared the athletes . We do n't come away a medal , but to be involved that medal race the teams is what you aim to do . \" I want to go out there , enjoy the experience and gather as much experience well - and whatever comes that comes that . \" There has never been a woman referee charge a Premiership rugby match . Cox impresses Rio , who is to say she will not be rubbing shoulders the likes Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle years to come ? the latest rugby union news follow @ bbcrugbyunion Twitter .", "Emergency numbers were down and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links the mainland almost five hours . NHS Shetland had earlier advised anyone needing medical attention to make their way the hospital Lerwick . Flights were delayed and cancelled Sumburgh Airport . Services were restored shortly 17:00 . BT said the problems were caused \" blown rectifiers and fuses \" the Wideford Hill radio transmitter Orkney . A spokesman said 2,600 telephone customers and 388 broadband customers had been affected . A total eleven flights were cancelled Sumburgh and one was diverted Kirkwall . Highlands and Islands Airports Limited advised passengers to contact their airlines further information . Shetland MSP Tavish Scott has called an \" urgent investigation \" why radio communications and telephone links failed .", "The school 's headmaster said the \" growing expense and luxury \" forced parents was also a major concern . Beaulieu Convent School Jersey also referred \" worries alcohol and drug consumption \" the end Year 11 event pupils aged 15-16 . A former pupil said the prom was an important milestone and accused the school overreacting . Chris Beirne , headmaster , said the \" significant focus and distraction \" caused the prom \" does not fit the ethos our school \" . Writing parents Mr Beirne cited a letter an unnamed colleague who was convinced the preparations and the event were \" not positive , constructive or healthy experiences \" . The colleague wrote : \" The financial strain and the inevitable competition associated this is another very unwelcome , and sometimes crushing , aspect many parents . \" The letter the colleague also referred \" alcohol and drug consumption after-parties \" \" a considerable concern \" . It said the strain trying \" to be slim , fashionable , have perfect skin \" led \" unacceptable pressure \" . Mr Beirne said he could no longer \" safely manage the risk \" associated the event . The independent Catholic school said it would continue to offer Year 13 leavers a celebratory mass their families followed a drinks reception the school . The \u00c2 \u00a3 5,400-a-year convent has 760 students aged 4-18 . Former pupil Hannah Hosegood , 20 , said her prom was \" a first taste maturity \" and the school should tackle individual pupils they had concerns drugs or alcohol . She said : \" It 's really upsetting knowing those girls wo n't be able to experience an event you spend a fair amount time looking forward and remember the rest your life . \"", "Professional Darts Corporation chief executive Porter landed the same role the O 's Barry Hearn 2006 . The 37-year-old left the National League side October 2014 , following Francesco Becchetti 's takeover . \" This is a time us to look the future and there 's a great buzz the place ,\" he told the club website . \" Everyone knows how difficult things have been and that cloud has now been lifted . \"", "\" I was n't 100 % sober ,\" she said an event fellow Justice Antonin Scalia . She said she \" could n't resist the fine wine \" the dinner which traditionally brings together some the court 's justices the speech . 81 , Justice Ginsburg is the oldest serving judge the Supreme Court . She was asked the incident the moderator an event George Washington University Thursday evening . Justice Ginsburg was repeatedly pictured slumbering her chair President Barack Obama addressed the joint session Congress the House Representatives 20 January . \" The audience the most part is awake , but they 're bobbing and all the time . And we sit there stone-faced , sober judges . But we 're not . \" least I was n't 100 % sober when we went the State the Union ,\" she said , provoking audience laughter . Justice Ginsburg said she had vowed to stick sparkling water dozing the speech past years , but was unable to resist the lure a \" very fine California wine \" brought Justice Anthony Kennedy . \" the end , the dinner was so delicious it needed wine ,\" she said . \" Well , that 's the first intelligent thing you 've done ,\" quipped Justice Scalia . Former Justice David Souter used to give her a pinch when he spotted the warning signs years gone , Justice Ginsburg said , but the judges her this time were \" more timid \" .", "Police said officers the North West counter terrorism unit searched an address Peakdale Avenue , Crumpsall , Manchester Friday . The suspect , 26 , was arrested the following day suspicion offences the Terrorism Act . Police would not comment the nature the alleged offence but said it believed it caused \" no threat \" the community .", "Derbyshire Police said the taxi driver might have \" crucial \" information . A 17-year-old girl Evesham has been charged an attempted kidnap a child Normanton 21 September . Police say the driver may have picked two teenage girls Derby the day the attempted kidnap . The two girls are both described white and age 17 . One girl had shoulder length blonde or brown hair and was wearing a dark blue blouse , a long cream coat , black trousers and black high-heeled shoes . The second girl had long blonde or brown hair and is believed to be about seven months pregnant . The taxi driver or anyone else information the case is asked to contact police .", "Rezgar Zengana posed a taxi driver to pick his 25-year-old victim Argyle Street raping her a flat Cessnock 10 December 2006 . The 33-year-old Iraqi national fled being convicted the attack . Zengana features a most-wanted list nine UK suspects who are thought to be the Netherlands . The list has been put published the UK charity Crimestoppers and the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) . Dave Allen , the NCA , said : \" Those who believe they can use the Netherlands to evade capture or continue illegal activities soon find it is not a safe haven . \"", "Ben Flynn , 24 , enticed the boy his home Droylsden , Greater Manchester , promises to use his Playstation and offered to pay his bus fare . Police described Flynn a \" dangerous predator \" . Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court Flynn , Kings Walk , admitted 13 sex offences including two counts rape and two sexual assaults . He also pleaded guilty three counts causing a child to engage sexual activity and two counts causing a child to watch a sexual act . Flynn also admitted a breach sex offence prevention order and one count meeting a child following sexual grooming . He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register life . March last year , Flynn sent his victim a friend request Facebook having never met or spoken him . The boy was then bombarded private messages and Flynn offered to let him play computer games his home . When they met Flynn kissed the boy and touched him sexually trying to take him his bedroom but the boy refused . He then pestered his victim , offered to pay his victim and went on to abuse him two further occasions . The boy 's sister came Flynn 's messages her brother and told her mother who phoned the police . Det Con Claire Pickavance , Greater Manchester Police , said the paedophile did not \" show a shred humanity \" the boy . She added : \" Ben Flynn is a dangerous predator who preyed a young boy social media arranging to meet him he could satisfy his own depraved urges . \"", "The European Space Agency astronaut arrived the orbiting space lab Monday , two crewmates Russia and America . But what exactly will she be doing her time space ? The ISS gives the chance to do scientific experiments that cannot be done Earth , the station offers an environment microgravity . Here we run a few examples the experiments Samantha 's ' to do ' list ... Samantha will operate a gadget called an electromagnetic levitator , which can heat metals 2,000\u00c2 \u00b0 C and then cool them very quickly . This will be a chance to see what happens different metals when they go liquid solid , the effect the Earth 's gravity . It 's hoped the results will reveal more the physics the metals and how they work . Samantha will be testing new machine technology and how well they work space , such this astronaut joystick . Using a joystick space may feel very different space compared Earth . So these experiments will see how being space might affect how well an astronaut can control a space robot or space machinery . Another thing is equipment may need to be attached the astronaut it does n't float away . The testing will also see what impact this has . Samantha will be doing lots experiments to see how being space affects her body . example , she will experience 16 sunrises and sunsets every day the International Space Station and be tested to see how this affects her body clock . Another important subject is food and energy . Experiments to see how much food an astronaut would need a long mission will be carried . Samantha will record what she eats and her energy levels a period time . Other things that will be looked include how space affects skin and why many astronauts get headaches .", "Nether Edge Green Party councillor , Alison Teal , was served a legal notice her involvement protests Sheffield City Council 's tree felling programme . Ms Teal was previously arrested protesting the tree removals . Charges her and 13 others were dropped earlier this year . More stories Yorkshire Sheffield City Council maintain the removal street trees the city is lawful and necessary . A \" pre-action protocol letter \" the council 's legal department Ms Teal warned the authority will seek a High Court injunction to stop her , and others involved \" direct action \" , taking part future protests . The council said the process would give protesters \" a chance to further and finally consider their position \" it begins legal proceedings 12 July . Councillor Bryan Lodge , cabinet member Environment and Street Scene , said there had been months \" unlawful and costly disruption \" tree replacement works Sheffield a small number protesters . \" We continue to support the right to peacefully protest , and the majority protesters who are doing so peacefully will not be affected ,\" he added . \" But there is a big difference this and direct action which deliberately and unlawfully stops works being carried . \" Mr Lodge said protesters had been sent a letter several weeks ago confirming their actions were unlawful . \" Streets Ahead is not just street trees , it 's ensuring we have roads , pavements and a street scene to be proud many years to come ,\" he added . \" addition , it presents us a unique opportunity to sustainably manage , increase and maintain our diverse street tree stock a 25 year period . \" The council said , the letter , works were still being disrupted \" causing city-wide delays \" .", "It clears the way the team to make their debut appearance the tournament , which will be held Gabon 14 January 5 February . the news emerged , thousands lined the streets the capital , Bissau , to watch the squad parade Tuesday . Guinea-Bissau play Group A rivals and hosts Gabon Saturday 's opener . They will also face Burkina Faso and Cameroon the group stage having achieved a fairytale qualification - one the biggest shocks Nations Cup history . Yet the bonuses that had been promised them qualifying remained unpaid , leading the players going strike the weekend . It was only settled a delegation three players went to see the country 's president , Jose Mario Vaz , Portuguese news agency Lusa reported . They have since all received 10,000 and 23,000 euros outstanding fees , Lusa added . \" the early hours Sunday , the players received everything they had to receive ,\" a government spokesman told the agency . A charter plane , borrowed Congo-Brazzaville , was due to fly the team Libreville Wednesday . The former Portuguese colony frequently beset coups , eliminated former champions Congo and Zambia qualifying last year . They were a Leicester-like long shot when the qualifiers began , having previously won only four matches Nations Cup and World Cup qualification combined first entering international competition just 22 years ago .", "an event Hove , the prime minister said all good schools should be able to expand and his government had supported that right . The Weald Kent girls' grammar school wants to open an annexe Sevenoaks . The Department Education ( DfE ) is considering the plans which have the backing Kent County Council . The law forbids the opening new grammar schools , but changes made the coalition government 2012 allow enlargement existing schools . \" I strongly support the right all good schools to expand . I think that 's very important and that should include grammar schools ,\" the prime minister said : \" this government grammar schools have been able to expand and that is all the good . \" Mr Cameron was responding a question the the proposed satellite grammar school Sevenoaks . But he would not be drawn when the government was likely to make its decision . \" the decision that the Department Education has to take , they have to take that having [ looked ] all the evidence and having proper consultations and making the decision proper time ,\" he added . Sevenoaks is the only major Kent town that does not have grammar provision . Bids made 2013 were turned the DfE said they did not comply the law . But the current plans put forward Weald Kent girls' grammar school are believed to have met the criteria . approved , the annexe could pave the way more grammars to open satellite campuses . General secretary the National Union Teachers , Christine Blower , has previously called the plans grammar school expansion \" yet another unnecessary distraction \" .", "The disorder HMP Erlestoke began Saturday when two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff . No-one was hurt and those involved the incident are being investigated police , the Ministry Justice said . The Prison Officers' Association said the issues surrounded a lack regime insufficient staffing levels . A Ministry Justice spokesman said \" two separate incidents \" involving three prisoners had been \" successfully resolved \" Saturday . He added the prison was now \" running as normal \" and said there had been \" some minor structural damage \" . He said : \" We are absolutely clear prisoners who behave this way will be punished and can spend significantly longer bars . \" The Prison Officers' Association ( POA ) said order was restored overnight Saturday but said \" both wings were destroyed and were now commission \" . The POA spokesman added this was \" another example a failed benchmark process brought savage and unnecessary government cuts that has seen staffing levels decrease an unsafe level \" . Relatives inmates also got touch the BBC saying prisoners were kept locked their cells three days , hot food , hot water and no prison officers some wings . Conservative MP , Devizes , Claire Perry said : \" I was saddened to hear the disturbances Erlestoke Prison the last few days . \" These incidents are wholly and utterly unacceptable , and I understand these matters have been referred the police to consider charges the perpetrators . \"", "Media playback is not supported this device Root , a winner women 's captain Charlotte Edwards , averaged almost 95 Test cricket Moores , who was dismissed 9 May . \" A lot credit that has to go Peter Moores ,\" said the 24-year-old . \" the past year , he has definitely got the best me - the rest the coaching department . \" Root was left the England team the final Test the Ashes whitewash January 2014 , but was recalled Moores was appointed coach the second time a year ago . The Yorkshire right-hander has since amassed 1,135 Test runs . \" When I came back Australia , I realised a lot the time out there I was trying to work things I was n't too good - and putting all my energy that , rather spending more time strengthening the stuff I am good ,\" added Root \" Peter saw that - and I simplified things as well . \" Root , named player the year the men 's side a vote cricket media , was last week appointed Test vice-captain new director cricket Andrew Strauss . \" I was delighted , so I accepted straight away ,\" said Root . \" I do n't think things will change much - just a bit more responsibility my part . \" Alastair Cook wants to come me ideas , I will make sure I have something to help him . \" As well being named the women 's player the year , Edwards was presented a silver cap to mark her 200th game England captain New Zealand February . addition leading England four series wins , Edwards averaged more 75 one-day internationals and almost 60 Twenty20s .", "Victory lifted the Shrimpers fifth , Posh have only won six their 17 home league games this term . \" you do n't believe you 're going to get there [ the play-offs ] you never will . My belief wo n't stop it 's mathematically impossible ,\" he said . \" We 're five points the play-offs . It 's not a lot 13 games to go . \" He continued BBC Radio Cambridgeshire : \" I know we 've just been thrashed home , but we need to continue to support each other . All I can do is apologise the fans the performance . \" I always take the blame when we lose and I 'll do it again now . It 's down me why the team lost . What we 've got to do now is stand men , puff our chests , come back Saturday and produce a win . \" Two goals Marc-Antoine Fortune set the Shrimpers their way victory the ABAX Stadium , Tom Nichols scored the only goal ninth-placed Posh . However , McCann has received positive news regarding Gwion Edwards' knee injury , picked Saturday 's defeat Walsall . \" It 'll be seven or eight weeks instead seven or eight months . We feared the worst to be honest , but we got the good news it 's not too serious . \" He 's been top drawer this season , he 's got a great attitude and he 's a tough little cookie . \"", "Opponents fear the development the site Hermitage Lane , Allington , will destroy ancient woodland and cause traffic gridlock . Developer Croudace Homes said the number homes had been reduced 600 and efforts made to cut the impact the woodland building a new road . The public inquiry Maidstone is expected to last 10 June . Barbara Woodward , the New Allington Action Group ( NAAG ) , said : \" People are very upset . This is our last piece green land . \" We take our dogs a walk the woods , you can let them their leads . they build a road the woods it will no longer be safe . \" She added the inquiry was the \" last step \" to protect the woodland which she said had been the site the 14th Century . Councillor Fran Wilson , the Lib Dem leader the borough council , said it would be \" inappropriate \" the authority to comment this stage . Following the public inquiry a recommendation will be made the Secretary State who will make a decision the planning application .", "Temporary repairs have been made an embankment the Farnham Alton line it collapsed 13 April . A replacement bus timetable has been operation engineers noticed the track Wrecclesham , Surrey , was starting to dip heavy rain . The line is due to reopen 4 May. Network Rail warned possible future closures stabilisation work . A longer term solution is expected to cost millions pounds .", "Ben Gerring , 29 , was the water Mandurah , south Perth , when the attack occurred Tuesday afternoon . Western Australia Police said Mr Gerring 's injuries were too severe to overcome and he died Friday night . Thursday , a 4.2m ( 14ft ) great white shark was captured Mandurah , but it is not known this shark was to blame the attack . \" He was right the back looking to get a big wave , one the set waves that had been coming the day ,\" Brian Williams , president the Mandurah Boardriders Club and friend the victim , told ABC Tuesday . \" He 'd sort of paddled the back , sort of the pack slightly . And next thing all hell broke loose and they were trying to bring him . \" His board was broken half , they found the tail part his board ,\" Mr Williams said . Surf Lifesaving Western Australia had reportedly issued a warning the attack , an unknown species shark was seen the area .", "It happened the Moelfre Lifeboat open day 16:10 BST Saturday , two RNLI vessels rescuing him . He was then taken Ysbyty Gwynedd , Bangor , a UK Coastguard helicopter , his condition unknown . North Wales Police is investigating the incident and has appealed witnesses . Organisers had earlier warned safety the water its Facebook page , imposing a speed restriction boats travelling the event . They had said : \" past experience , we are expected to have 100 vessels . \" Some will be kayaks children board , water safety is very important . Many adults and children will be swimming the bay . Keep your eyes peeled please . \" The event , the RNLI station , was to allow people to meet the crew and celebrate their life-saving work .", "More 120 old or recent bruises and broken bones were discovered Keegan Downer 's body , Birmingham Crown Court was told . Kandyce Downer denies murdering the 18-month-old , she collapsed the family home Birmingham . The child also had a \" terrible \" spiral leg fracture which had gone untreated . It left the girl \" deformed \" one leg shorter the other , the court heard . Nigel Power QC said Keegan also had seven recently broken ribs which would have made breathing \" very painful \" , and an historic head injury least several days old the time she died . Forensic testing the house where the toddler died revealed traces her blood the cot and bedroom wall . Born March 2014 a heroin-addict mother , the otherwise healthy girl was put a foster carer social services . The child was then placed 35-year-old Downer the legal guardian January 2015 . Keegan was described court a \" healthy and happy baby \" and lived Downer 's family home Beckbury Road , Weoley Castle . She collapsed home shortly 10am 5 September 2015 . When paramedics arrived , Downer had Keegan lying a sofa and told them : \" I do n't know when she stopped breathing , I was the bath . \" Downer later told paramedics she had popped and left the child alone that morning . Keegan died a combination septicaemia , infection , blunt chest trauma and old head injuries . Downer , Mr Power said : \" We say there is no other realistic candidate the many and terrible injuries that led Keegan 's death . \" The trial Downer , who also denies causing or allowing the death Keegan , continues .", "Media playback is not supported this device Bottom side United 's first win Perth four years , and Kilmarnock 's draw away Partick Thistle , means the gap them is down five points . \" It was a wonderful effort . 10 men , that spirit and character was there again ,\" said the Finn . \" I ca n't praise the boys enough . They 've got real mental toughness . \" Media playback is not supported this device Ryan Dow had put United a deserved lead midway the first half . However , Saints came back the match and when Coll Donaldson was sent denying Chris Kane an obvious goal-scoring opportunity , the visiting fans may have feared another damaging day their bid to avoid automatic relegation . St Johnstone midfielder Murray Davidson hit the crossbar the home side pressed an equaliser but United held firm . \" We still have a long way to go but that was a small step it ,\" continued Paatelainen . \" The mood is positive . Killie will pick points we need to be strong . They have a quality manager , they have fantastic players every department , but days this will help our chances survival and that 's what we hang . \" I 'm really pleased everybody 's effort . \" Saints manager Tommy Wright was frustrated his team 's lack bite the first quarter the match . \" they scored we did n't compete well enough , did n't make enough tackles , did n't win enough first headers or second headers ,\" he lamented . \" I thought we got a slap the face the goal and we were much better that . Probably they 've defended well enough overall to win the game . \" When you give a team something to hold , even 10 men , it makes it really difficult . \" Alan Mannus had made two impressive saves prior the United goal but he will have been disappointed to have allowed Dow 's shot him . \" I think the build-up the goal we should have done better ,\" said Wright . \" We dropped too deep and we should have dealt the cross better . He got a free contact the box . \" Alan was the move , it hit the underside his body and squirmed the line . \"", "Joe Storey , 27 , had denied murdering Kerri McAuley , 32 , who was found dead Southalls Way , Norwich , 8 January , but admitted manslaughter . Storey was high cocaine when he punched mother-of-two Ms McAuley a row an ex-girlfriend . The jury Norwich Crown Court took less an hour to find Storey guilty . He will be sentenced Friday . The court had heard friends describe a history domestic violence which left Ms McAuley \" disfigured \" and fearing her life . her texts Ms McAuley described Mr Storey 's behaviour \" not normal \" . She wrote : \" you are not ready to care anyone yourself \" . \" You were trying to kill me , you were suffocating me I nearly passed \" , adding he stays away \" hopefully you wo n't go prison beating me a pulp \" . Later Mr Storey and Ms McAuley agreed to meet again . Pathologist Dr Benjamin Swift said the fatal attack Ms McAuley sustained multiple facial lacerations and one her ears was torn . Dr Swift said some the injuries were caused \" blunt force impact \" . Storey , Murrells Court , Norwich , had admitted the pair had a turbulent relationship . He said he was staying Ms McAuley 's home when she confronted him his ex-girlfriend who she thought was back contact him . Storey said he struck her five or six times and had a phone his hand the time but insisted he had \" not to hit her it \" . Prosecutor Simon Spence said Storey behaved an animal and \" he 'd had a scrap humanity \" Storey would have called an ambulance the attack instead leaving Ms McAuley to die the flat .", "Barry McGivern , Scott Fryer and Troy Lacey were travelling work Dereham the A47 Acle Straight , Great Yarmouth , Norfolk . They jumped cold chest-high water to free the man the crushed car and helped to resuscitate him . Mr Lacey , 23 , said : \" I 'm just glad we could give him a fighting chance to see his family again . \" The victim is a stable but critical condition the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , police said . The men stopped when they saw what they thought was a broken-down car and some people running the road about 21:00 BST Saturday . A blaring horn then alerted them a car upside down a dyke where they could see a man struggling inside , said Mr Fryer . The unnamed victim , believed to be his 40s , was trapped his seatbelt the crushed car and had his head water . Mr McGivern , 28 , Great Yarmouth , said he was the first to enter the \" freezing cold \" water which was chest-high . Mr Lacey , Martham , said their experience security staff helped them to keep calm and they had freed the victim a paramedic arrived . \" The car was that crushed one point I did n't think we would get him , but I managed to get his legs and get them free and Barry snapped the seatbelt ,\" he said . \" His pulse was slow I pumped his chest a few times . \" Mr Fryer , also 28 , a retained fire-fighter Gorleston , then gave the victim the kiss-of-life . \" I 'm just pleased we were there and we could help a fellow human being who was dying front us ,\" said Mr Lacey .", "The measure guarantees a majority seats the party that wins the most votes an election . It is a key element a package reforms promised Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi . The law seeks to end Italy 's post-war era revolving governments , political horse-trading and unstable coalitions . The lower house parliament gave final approval the bill 334 votes 61 . The proportional election system awards 340 630 seats any party that wins more 40 % the national vote . no party reaches that threshold , there is a second-round run-off the two parties the most votes . The electoral reform is expected to come force next year . the vote , Mr Renzi said : \" Commitment achieved , promise respected . Italy needs people who do n't always say no . \" Critics have accused the 40-year-old former mayor Florence who became prime minster last year trying to consolidate his grip power . They complain the law awards too much power single parties , gives party bosses too much scope to select candidates , and denies voters the chance to directly choose representatives . Opposition parties boycotted Monday 's vote . Renato Brunetta , parliamentary head centre-right opposition party Forza Italia , said afterwards it was \" a very ugly day our country 's democracy \" . Mr Renzi wants to further transform the Italian system abolishing the Senate and replacing it a non-elected body lesser powers . Currently , legislation is often held identical versions bills have to be approved both houses .", "The Dow Jones rose 0.2 % 19,251.78 , the wider S & P 500 gained 0.3 % 2,204.71 , just missing a new record . The Nasdaq rose 0.5 % 5,333.00 . Banking shares performed strongly , Wells Fargo up 2.2 % , Bank America rising 1.5 % and Goldman up 1.2 % . Financial shares have climbed 15 % the election . President-elect Donald Trump 's plans to reduce corporate tax and regulations are expected to benefit the sector . Meanwhile , analysts are predicting the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next week , another boost banks . Financials general are \" benefiting the feeling interest rates are done going down and we are going to see a much more favourable interest rate and spread environment financials ,\" said Paul Nolte , portfolio manager Kingsview Asset Management . Mr Trump 's announcement Japanese telecoms and internet firm SoftBank had agreed to invest $ 50bn the US also boosted markets , Sprint shares rising 1.5 % and T-Mobile gaining 1.8 % . Other telecom stocks also rose . AT & T shares increased 1.9 % the firm said its new streaming television service DirectTV Now has gained more subscribers so far expected . Verizon shares climbed 1.2 % the wireless carrier said it was selling 29 data centres $ 3.6bn . Chipotle was one the top fallers the S & P 500 , dropping 7.6 % , it said sales had not recovered as well expected . Quarterly sales have been falling the past year food safety issues led the temporary closure dozens Chipotle restaurants the US .", "The 49-strong team the event , which will be London Stadium Stratford 14-23 July , contains 10 athletes who won gold Rio 2016 . Two-time Paralympic champion Peacock , 24 , missed the 2015 World Championships injury and will look to recapture the 100m title he claimed 2013 . Media playback is not supported this device Britain won 31 medals Doha two years ago , including 13 golds , finishing fourth the medal table . London will be the first time the event has been held the same city and the same summer the World Athletics Championships , which run 4-13 August . Six-time world champion David Weir is not included withdrawing British Athletics following a fallout coach Jenni Banks , and double T11 100m and 200m Paralympic champion Libby Clegg misses an injury . Cox , 26 , who has multiple sclerosis , won gold medals track cycling and athletics Rio 2016 , but has focused her training athletics this year her defence her T37 100m title . Cockroft , 24 , won world gold the T34 100m , 400m and 800m two years ago , a treble she repeated Rio last year . Whitehead , 40 , can become a four-time T42 200m world champion London , Jo Butterfield will be given the opportunity to defend her club throw titles the F51 and and Aled Davies his shot title the F42 . T38 sprinter Sophie Hahn , who has cerebral palsy , can win her third individual 100m world title , only being 20 . Paralympic champions Hollie Arnold and Aled Sion Davies are nine athletes Wales included .", "Shortly telling the BBC his story the father , called Jahangir , received a call Ashraf Ghani assuring him arrests would be made . His wife was allegedly raped Badakhshan province eight years ago . But Jahangir says he has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested they are politically powerful . His wife told BBC Persian the incident . \" I told one them , God 's sake , I have just given birth , I 'm your child , even your daughter is older me ,\" she said . \" I cried a lot , they beat me all my head and body ,\" she said . \" Their bite marks were still my body a couple years ago . \" Analysis : Inayatulhaq Yasini , BBC Pashto The stand taken Jahangir and his wife breaks something a taboo Afghanistan , where victims sexual crime are generally cowed silence . Soon the media picked the case , President Ghani spoke Jahangir and promised him \" the case will be investigated properly and perpetrators will face justice \" . The victim herself told the BBC : \" I want justice to save other women such a fate . \" the wake the publicity , the Afghan government will be pressure to investigate the incident properly and ensure some kind resolution . But there are also hopes the stand taken Jahangir and his wife will embolden other victims sexual crime , and have a lasting affect how such cases are dealt . Jahangir , a policeman , told the BBC eight men were arrested the incident , but six have now been freed their political connections . He says he and his family had to flee the capital , Kabul , fearing their lives . He has threatened to kill himself that changes : \" they are not put trial , I 'll have to commit suicide to escape the tensions I 'm suffering . There 's no other way . \" Jahangir went public the threat Afghan television . He later met the country 's interior ministry to press his case . speaking the BBC following the meeting , he received a phone call Mr Ghani . He wept they spoke . Mr Ghani was sworn Afghan president September , pledging to tackle the issue corruption a priority . As well political corruption , activists say violence women is rife Afghanistan , but rarely attracts much public attention . one case that did spark national outrage , five Afghan men convicted gang raping four women were hanged October .", "18 January 2016 Last updated 20:09 GMT Ben Frost , 27 , barricaded himself his girlfriend 's flat Princetown Dartmoor 18 January . He was arrested two hours breaking the roof , Plymouth magistrates heard . Unemployed Frost no fixed address admitted two charges causing criminal damage and two threatening behaviour .", "Trott hit 175 Warwickshire totalled 413 Taunton , backed half-centuries Tim Ambrose ( 63 ) and Rikki Clarke ( 57 ) . Young paceman Grant Thornton then took two the four Somerset wickets to fall his Championship debut . But Marcus Trescothick was still there the close 41 , 94-4 . two badly rain-interrupted days . the draw remains the most likely result . But the Bears , so badly beaten an innings their opening two matches , have at least given themselves a chance forcing victory , it would take 16 wickets the day to do it - and getting Trescothick twice . Bottom club Somerset 's target day four will simply be to avoid the follow-on - and they need a further 170 to do that . Somerset 's Marcus Trescothick told BBC Radio Bristol : \" One the office staff told me around 10 days ago how close I was 25,000 runs and I have been sweating it then . \" I knew when I went I was 29 away . It got a bit tense I moved closer . \" It is an achievement I am proud but there is still a big job me to do this game . \" It was n't a great day us and we need to concentrate hard tomorrow to make sure we come away a draw . \" Warwickshire 's Jonathan Trott told BBC Coventry & Warwickshire : \" It 's great Marcus is still playing county cricket and setting an example the young players his dressing room and opposition teams . \" There is no chance I will be still be playing 41 . That 's just silly ! His will be a huge wicket us tomorrow . \" I had just got 100 when the new ball was taken it was important I hung around longer we were to get a decent score . I started to think terms 400 when Rikki Clarke came and played so well . \" There is a bit turn it is a used pitch . so much rain , the crustiness has taken longer to form , but hopefully Jeetan Patel can cause them a few problems . \"", "The African nation took a first-minute lead , but Grealish quickly levelled . Skipper James Ward-Prowse 's penalty put England ahead , Nathan Redmond 's screamer and another Grealish gave them a 4-1 half-time lead . Cauley Woodrow 's shot was deflected a Guinea defender , the Fulham forward adding two more an easy win . Gareth Southgate 's men opened the tournament a 1-0 win Portugal Thursday , Chelsea midfielder Lewis Baker scoring the winner . Next they meet Paraguay Wednesday , rounding their group campaign Japan Friday . \" We spoke the game any team being capable scoring you ,\" Southgate said . \" We started a sloppy manner , so that was disappointing . \" Our response was good , we showed composure to work our way back the game . The goal difference might end being important . \" But we start games that better opposition , it will be a struggle to get back it . \" England : Gunn , Stephens , Holding , Hause ( Chambers 54 ) , Targett , Ward-Prowse ( Chalobah 41 ) , Swift , Grimes , Grealish ( Watmore 60 ) , Redmond ( Palmer 54 ) , Woodrow . Subs not used : Pickford , Iorfa , Loftus-Cheek , Baker , Chilwell .", "He claims Universal Music have only paid the band a \" miniscule fraction \" the money they were owed downloads sites iTunes and Amazon . The musician is suing compensation , according legal documents filed Los Angeles Wednesday . The claim is also filed behalf his sister , Karen , who died 1983 . Carpenter hired accountants to examine financial statements Universal Music and its subsidiary , A & M Records , which has released The Carpenters' music their debut album 1969 . He says they found multiple errors , and the labels \" improperly classified \" revenue digital downloads The Carpenters' music sales physical records - which attract a lower royalty rate . He also claims digital downloads were undercounted . a statement , Carpenter said he had been unable to resolve the dispute suing . \" The Carpenters recordings are the best sellers the history popular music , and 48 years continue to contribute a substantial amount [ Universal 's ] annual bottom line ,\" he wrote . \" It seems only fair these companies account fairly my sister 's estate and me . \" Specialising radio-friendly soft rock , The Carpenters sold millions records the 1970s . The brother-sister duo won three Grammy Awards 1970 and 1971 , including best new artist and best vocal performance the ballad ( They Long to Be ) Close You . The band 's career was cut short when Karen developed anorexia nervosa 1975 . they continued to record , the condition eventually led her death , heart failure . Richard Carpenter 's legal claim is one many filed the US a 2010 court case involving Eminem , which resulted a ruling artists should receive higher royalty payments digital downloads they do when a CD or vinyl album is sold . The difference is substantial . According Billboard , artists get 15 % the money generated the sale a record . downloads , which are counted \" licensed content \" , the figure 50 % . Artists including Peter Frampton , Public Enemy , Whitesnake and The Temptations have all sued , or threatened to sue , order to obtain the higher rate . Universal Music were not immediately available to respond the latest case . Follow us Facebook , Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or Instagram bbcnewsents . you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Sayes Court will double size and provide an additional 210 places September 2015 . Surrey County Council said it needs to \" bridge a \u00c2 \u00a3 215m funding gap \" 13,000 places , blaming an \" unprecedented demand \" its services . It said nearby Esher School is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity 210 places .", "The 26-year-old midfielder signed a one-month deal Fratton Park Monday and made his debut Coventry the EFL Cup 24 hours later . \" I have n't come here just to sit the bench ,\" the Congo international told BBC Radio Solent . \" I 'm hungry and Portsmouth are a top club . \" Linganzi and goalkeeper Liam O'Brien , 24 , have both signed short-term deals . O'Brien returns a second spell Portsmouth , having left 2010 . The former England Under-19 international has previously played Barnet , Brentford and Dagenham .", "Back-row Henderson has a hamstring tear wing Bowe is recovering a serious knee injury . Rob Herring ( hamstring ) , Paul Marshall and Alan O'Connor ( both illness ) are available to face Zebre Friday . Nick Williams ( shoulder ) , Luke Marshall ( ankle ) and Ian Humphreys ( hip / back ) could also return the Italians Ulster 's injury woes begin to ease . The trio are rated doubtful but Sammy Arnold will be sidelined three weeks a \" low grade \" hamstring tear . Dan Tuohy will have exploratory surgery a \" significant \" ankle fracture a date is determined his return . Wiehahn Herbst will have a further assessment a toe injury Willie Faloon is set to see a specialist a prognosis a chronic foot injury . The return Ireland internationals Henderson and Bowe would be a massive boost an Ulster side sitting fourth the Pro12 standings .", "They voted unanimously to ask pub firm Punch Taverns to not allow The Corn Exchange pub Crickhowell to be turned a convenience store . The town has only one national chain - Boots chemist - all other businesses are family run and independent . Last week 200 people attended a protest the plan . The final decision the application will be taken Brecon Beacons National Park Authority . Neither the park authority nor Punch Taverns were represented the meeting .", "Media playback is not supported this device Blair Alston opened the scoring the Bairns the brink half-time , heading an Aaron Muirhead cross the bottom corner . John Baird netted his 18th the season shortly the break . But Derek Lyle pulled a goal back a neat turn and finish and Iain Russell 's strike levelled the scores stoppage time .", "St Clare 's Catholic Primary School Birmingham has met equality leaders the city council to discuss a complaint the pupil 's family . The council is supporting the school to ensure its policies are appropriate . But Muslim Women 's Network UK said the school was not fault young girls are not required to wear headscarves . Read more news Birmingham and the Black Country The Handsworth school states its website \" hats or scarves are not allowed to be worn school \" examples including a woman a headscarf . Labour councillor Waseem Zaffar , cabinet member transparency , openness and equality , met the school 's head teacher last week . a comment posted Facebook the weekend , claiming the school had contravened the Equality Act , the councillor wrote : \" I 'm insisting this matter is addressed asap a change policy . \" Senior education officers Birmingham City Council will also discuss this matter the concerned school early next week the head and governors discuss their next action . \" a council statement , Brigid Jones , cabinet member children , families and schools , said : \" Each school 's governing body is responsible the creation and implementation its own uniform policy . \" However , the local authority is supporting the school to ensure its policy is appropriate , line legal requirements , and we are engaging all schools to remind them their responsibilities when it comes setting school uniform policies . \" Shaista Gohir , Muslim Women 's Network UK - which works to improve equality Muslim women and girls , said : \" The school is allowed to set its uniform policy and schools do have to be mindful and inclusive and cohesive and make sure they do n't breach their duties the Equality Act . \" But they have n't done anything wrong there is no Islamic requirement a four-year-old to be wearing a headscarf . \" The school has not commented .", "Alexander Reid repeatedly told Department Work and Pensions staff application forms and interviews he was single . But reality he was living his wife Kathleen Reid , having claimed to be separated . Reid was found guilty following a trial Dundee Sheriff Court . The 59-year-old , Dundee , had denied a charge the Social Security Administration Act he fraudulently claimed employment support allowance and income support totalling \u00a3 39,808 . Defence solicitor John Boyle asked Reid be spared jail and given a community payback order an alternative a prison sentence . Sheriff Tom Hughes told Reid : \" the sum money involved a custodial sentence is the only option . \"", "The initial estimate showed growth picking the first quarter the year , when it was 0.2 % . The ONS said the growth was driven services , particularly retail , which more offset falls output the manufacturing and construction sectors . It added there had been a \" notable slowdown \" growth last year . However , the figure the second quarter was line economists' expectations . Analysts said the rise growth was unlikely to change expectations the Bank England will keep interest rates their current record low next week . ONS head national accounts Darren Morgan said : \" The economy has experienced a notable slowdown the first half this year . \" Film production the UK , plus box-office receipts cinemas , was one the best performing parts the economy the period . \" services such retail , and film production and distribution showed some improvement the second quarter , a weaker performance construction and manufacturing pulled overall growth ,\" Mr Morgan said . Monday , the International Monetary Fund downgraded its forecast UK economic growth this year the weak first-quarter figure . The IMF said it expects UK GDP to grow 1.7 % instead its previous projection 2 % . Chancellor Philip Hammond said the UK economy had now grown consistently four-and-a-half years . \" We can be proud that , but we are not complacent ,\" he added . \" We need to focus restoring productivity growth to deliver higher wages and living standards people the country . \" Labour shadow chancellor John McDonnell said : \" Today 's GDP figures reveal weak growth a weak government , and expose the last seven years Tory economic failure . \" Growth the first half 2017 is expectations , and it follows continued data showing working families are being squeezed wages not keeping prices . \" Aberdeen Asset Management chief economist Lucy O'Carroll said : \" This pick-up will be taken good news , but it really does n't amount much . \" The figures are the first estimate growth , based very patchy data . They always get revised time , and often substantially so . \" It 's the underlying trends that matter . They do n't look favourable the moment , given the uncertainties Brexit and the pressure household budgets higher inflation . \"", "Media playback is not supported this device The Blues boss says his side have \" almost \" won the Premier League title their 1-0 win Stamford Bridge moved them 10 points clear the top . United dominated possession and had more chances the league leaders . Mourinho said : \" We prepared it to be this . It was the game we wanted and expected . \" Chelsea will be champions they win Arsenal and Leicester their next two matches , having beaten third-placed United a first-half goal Eden Hazard . Visiting manager Louis van Gaal said it was his side 's \" best display the season \" but Mourinho insists it was part the game plan . \" It was difficult , but less you think ,\" he said . \" Control their direct football Marouane Fellaini and control the wingers making crosses the inside foot . \" When we know Wayne Rooney plays midfield , we control his progression the box . Control set-pieces and do n't give away direct free-kicks they have three specialists . \" Wait a mistake and score a goal . We were able to make their important players disappear . Nobody saw them . They were our pockets . \" United went the match knowing they needed to win the first time five league visits Chelsea to have any realistic hope winning the title . But , big celebrations the end the match , Mourinho was careful to point his side are not champions yet . \" We are not celebrating ,\" he said . \" Football is not ' ifs' and ' almosts ' , it is mathematics . When it is done , it is done , and that moment we do n't celebrate . \" The celebration is we have beaten one the biggest clubs the world . The celebration is they have everything to win that game and the result is the work they did all week to prepare this game . \" I feel we are almost there but there are no ' almosts' football . \"", "Older People 's Commissioner Wales Sarah Rochira will call pensioners and their friends and families to hear their experiences residential care . The evidence will be used to develop recommendations care providers and public bodies . It is part Ms Rochira 's review the quality life and care older people residential care Wales . She said she would highlight good care but also show the impact poor care older people . \" The voices older people , as well those who care and care them , are the heart my work commissioner , which is why I want to hear their experiences residential care ,\" she said . \" I have travelled extensively Wales , meeting many older people living residential care , and have seen myself the positive impact that high quality care can have people 's lives . \" However , I have also received an increasing amount correspondence the past year the quality life and care older people living residential care and I have spoken publicly what I consider to be unacceptable variations Wales . \" The commissioner will be reviewing older people living residential care have a good quality life looking factors such physical and psychological health , social relationships and the care home environment . Her team will also speak care providers , social care staff and public bodies . \" giving a voice older people and their families , my review and recommendations will ensure those who are accountable and run our services understand the day-to-day realities living residential care Wales and the action required to deliver the change needed to ensure older people living residential care have the best quality life ,\" she said . The chair Care Forum Wales , Mario Kreft , said his group was dedicated developing and promoting best practice social care and it supported the overall aims the review . \" Our disappointment however - which will be shared many providers - is the commissioner has not included a provider expert the main advisory panel ,\" he said . \" As far we can see no-one who has lived , worked , managed or owned a care home is represented the panel . \" our view , this misses the opportunity partnership working and to engage the sector fully the advisory panel . \"", "Mr Evans joined the civil service 2010 and is currently deputy permanent secretary the Welsh Government . He will succeed Ian Jones the role October . S4C 's chairman Huw Jones said Mr Evans was a \" highly respected leader \" . Mr Evans was educated Ysgol Penweddig , Aberystwyth . He graduated economics Swansea University . He was director Business the Community Wales , 2008 and 2010 , and a member the Welsh Language Board 2005 and 2010 .", "Sakho , who is currently loan Crystal Palace , tested positive the fat burner higenamine March 2017 and served a provisional 30-day suspension . Uefa dismissed the case July . European football 's governing body blamed \" gaps communication \" Wada and two its laboratories . A Uefa report released Thursday said it was \" clearly not possible \" anyone to tell higenamine is a prohibited substance reading Wada 's banned list . \" The fact the Cologne laboratory tested higenamine but had to check Wada making a determination indicates a problem , does the fact the Lausanne laboratory does not test it ,\" it added . \" The onus is clearly Wada to communicate its laboratories what is and what is not the prohibited list . \" There are clearly gaps communication regard higenamine , something which also tends to support the suggestion Wada 's own internal procedure and analysis respect this substance is incomplete . \" Sakho , 27 , admitted taking the substance Liverpool 's knowledge but contended it was not the banned list , which was supported the report the case Uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body . The France international has not played Liverpool testing positive and moved Palace loan February .", "you have a picture you would like to share , please see the images details how to submit yours . you have a picture you 'd like to share , email us england @ bbc.co.uk , post it Facebook or tweet it @ BBCEngland . You can also find us Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image there . When emailing pictures , please make sure you include the following information : Please note we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken the past week . you submit a picture , you do so accordance the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . contributing England 's Big Picture you agree to grant us a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material any way that we want , and any media worldwide . It 's important to note , however , you still own the copyright everything you contribute England 's Big Picture , and your image is accepted , we will publish your name . The BBC cannot guarantee all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments . no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind media .", "Maj-Gen Yair Golan said the eve Thursday 's annual Holocaust Day he detected trends Israeli society suggestive \" nauseating processes \" that occurred 1930s Nazi Germany . Mr Netanyahu said the comments were outrageous , cheapened the Holocaust and caused harm Israel . Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon said he had \" total confidence \" Gen Golan . \" there 's something that frightens me Holocaust remembrance it 's the recognition the nauseating processes that occurred Europe general , and particularly Germany , back then - 70 , 80 and 90 years ago - and finding signs them here us today 2016 ,\" the deputy chief staff said Wednesday . \" There is , after all , nothing easier and simpler hating the foreigner ... arousing fears and terrifying . \" But Mr Netanyahu said Gen Golan 's remarks were \" utterly mistaken and unacceptable me \" . \" The comparison drawn the words the deputy chief staff regarding events which characterised Nazi Germany 80 years ago is outrageous ,\" he said . \" They do injustice Israeli society and cause a belittling the Holocaust . \" Correspondents say right-wing members Mr Netanyahu 's coalition have called Gen Golan 's resignation , accusing him dishonouring the dead . But Defence Minister Yaalon said the criticism was an attempt to cause political harm the military . \" The attacks [ Gen Golan ] and the current criticism him are deliberate distortions interpretation the things he said last night ,\" he added . The remarks come a time heightened tension Israelis and Palestinians . A wave stabbing , shooting and car-ramming attacks Palestinians and Israeli Arabs the past eight months have left 29 Israelis dead . More 200 Palestinians - mostly attackers , Israel says - have also been killed that period . There has been debate and controversy Israelis' response the attacks . March , an Israeli soldier was filmed shooting dead a wounded Palestinian . He has been charged manslaughter . There has been some public sympathy the soldier but Mr Yaalon backed the military establishment prosecuting him . October last year , an Eritrean immigrant was shot and beaten death an angry crowd being mistaken an Arab militant the town Beersheba , prompting concern mob reactions people thought to be suspicious .", "February 2016 ministers said funding would stay \u00a3 6.7m 2016-17 , S4C 's remit and funding was reviewed . MPs urged ministers to drop plans to cut their contribution \u00a3 6.1m the review had not yet begun . Culture Minister Matt Hancock said secretary state Karen Bradley was considering the matter . Most S4C 's \u00a3 80m budget comes the licence fee . The Wales Office does not expect the investigation to be completed the end 2017 . a Westminster debate Wednesday , Mr Hancock said the Department Culture , Media and Sport 's contribution S4C 's budget was currently set to fall \u00a3 6.1m 2017-18 . \" We are aware commitments given our predecessor [ ex-Culture Secretary John Whittingdale ] timing - and this is an issue the secretary state [ Karen Bradley ] is currently considering ,\" he said . Ceredigion MP Mark Williams , who called the debate S4C 's future , said : \" It is absolutely right a review takes place to ensure it has the funding necessary to fulfil its remit and strategy the longer term . \" The comprehensive review S4C announced February last year , the former secretary state , a reversal a cut , prior the outcome the review , was welcome . \" But we are now 2017 and still waiting a promised review , and there is cross-party concern the delay . \" Mr Hancock said there would be an announcement the review \" shortly \" and promised it would be chaired someone \" a thorough understanding Wales and an interest the Welsh language \" .", "ScotRail said the Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel would be closed 20 March 8 August . Services will divert low-level platforms or Glasgow Central , bringing timetable changes and some cases , longer journey times . The work is part a \u00c2 \u00a3 60m upgrade project that will allow faster and longer trains to use the station . Passengers ScotRail 's main Edinburgh Glasgow service , Falkirk High , are being advised to travel Bathgate and Airdrie . That journey will take around 70 minutes . Phil Verster , managing director the ScotRail Alliance , said : \" Upgrading the tunnel will allow us to run faster , longer , greener trains the future . \" This will mean more seats , shorter journey times and less impact our environment . \" The long-term benefits this investment will be considerable , not just our railway , but also the country . \" ScotRail said the closure was necessary to enable major engineering work to renew 1,800m existing concrete slab track formation , which carries the rails the 918m tunnel . The firm said this was the largest engineering project undertaken the Edinburgh Glasgow , Falkirk High , railway , it was built . The project will involve 140 days continuous round-the-clock working , the removal 10,000 tonnes existing concrete slab and the installation 4,000m new rails . ScotRail has now launched a dedicated webpage to give passengers more information the impact the project . Transport Minister Derek Mackay said : \" This is a once a generation project and one the most ambitious ever planned the Edinburgh-Glasgow route . \" The works will support the introduction a new generation faster , quieter and greener electric trains routes the Central Belt next year . \" I understand this work will cause some inconvenience passengers , the ScotRail Alliance is working to ensure services are maintained where possible , disruption is kept a minimum and passengers are kept well informed the work . \"", "Media playback is not supported this device Al Hasawi , who took control the Reds the summer 2012 , would not reveal the identity the buyers . However , BBC Sport understands a United States consortium , led millionaire John Jay Moores , is the verge securing a \u00a3 50m deal . The takeover would see the former San Diego Padres owner take an 80 % stake the Championship club . Moores' consortium were previously interested buying Premier League side Everton , and the potential new owners met club staff last week .", "The IMF 's steering committee , made 25 the world 's largest economies , said the global outlook was fraught weak trade and a series risks including a UK exit the EU . It urged countries to boost public spending and avoid deflation . The IMF last week made its second cut global growth forecasts this year . Christine Lagarde , managing director the IMF , described the talks finance ministers and central bankers Washington DC \" collective therapy \" to deal the gloomy prospects . But she said calmer financial markets February had reduced the nerves the IMF spring meeting . \" There was not exactly the same level anxiety but I think there was an equal level concern , and a collective endeavour to identify the solution and the responses the global economic situation ,\" she said . The IMF now predicts global growth 3.2 % this year and 3.5 % 2017 , having previously forecast 3.4 % and 3.6 % respectively . \" Downside risks the global economic outlook have increased October , raising the possibility a more generalised slowdown and a sudden pull-back capital flows ,\" the IMF steering committee said . It said countries' tax policies and public spending should be \" as growth-friendly possible \" . But it also pledged to \" refrain all forms protectionism and competitive devaluations \" , concerns some countries are keeping their currencies weak to boost exports .", "Donald Trump , Jeb Bush and Scott Walker will take the stage Cleveland Thursday night seven rivals . Fox News selected the 10 most popular Republicans based five national polls , excluding Mr Perry and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham . Those two and five other candidates will take part an earlier debate . Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum reacted angrily his omission . \" The idea they have left the runner-up the 2012 nomination [ Santorum ] , the former four-term governor Texas [ Perry ] , the governor Louisiana [ Bobby Jindal ] , the first female Fortune 50 CEO [ Carly Fiorina ] , and the 3-term Senator South Carolina [ Graham ] due polling seven months a single vote is cast is preposterous ,\" his spokesman said . contrast , Mr Perry tweeted he was looking forward being Fox 5pm \" a serious exchange ideas and positive solutions to get America back track \" . The main debate takes place four hours later 9pm local time ( 01:00 GMT ) . All eyes will be hotel tycoon Mr Trump , who leads the polls and has made headlines outspoken remarks many his rivals . A fun guide the 10 Republican debaters One the Republican frontrunners , Jeb Bush , became embroiled a row leading Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton women 's health funding Tuesday . The former Florida governor was attacked Mrs Clinton he told a conservative Christian audience he was n't sure \" we need half a billion dollars women 's health issues \" . But he later said he \" misspoke \" criticism his remarks . Meet all the 2016 hopefuls", "The 21-year-old joined Tigers loan February , making five appearances , and is one four uncapped players the England squad the summer Tests . Genge made his senior debut Bristol the 2013-14 British and Irish Cup , and scored six tries 26 appearances . \" Ellis has made a big impression his time loan us ,\" said Leicester director rugby Richard Cockerill . \" He is a great young prospect and he seems to have found his home Leicester his time loan us . \" We hope he continues to build that first impression and we look forward seeing his development here . \" Genge is the England squad both Saturday 's Test home Wales and the June tour Australia .", "Stephen Hammond said job roles would change when the paper system car tax discs is scrapped October . The minister allayed fears job losses a letter Swansea East AM Mike Hedges . Mr Hedges said the minister 's response would \" give comfort \" DVLA employees . Concerns the future some the 5,000 workers the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency centre were raised October Chancellor George Osborne 's Autumn Statement . The chancellor announced the tax disc would be replaced an electronic system October 2014 . The new system will allow people to pay the charge monthly direct debit . Mr Hedges had written Mr Hammond asking clarification the government 's intentions . his response Mr Hedges , Mr Hammond said : \" It is likely the introduction a direct debit scheme may mean there will be a natural reduction the amount refunds received , addition the withdrawal the tax disc . \" This may mean changes job roles and the need to train new processes . \" Any reductions numbers people needed these activities will be managed redeploying other growth areas the business . \" Mr Hedges welcomed the minister 's assurances . He added : \" disappointed the changes will reduce the number job opportunities the DVLA , I can see the advantages both paying monthly direct debits and not having to show a tax disc . \" I am pleased the minister is committed redeployment rather redundancies and I am sure this response will give comfort many concerned DVLA employees . \"", "The England and Wales Cricket Board made the move an attempt to improve the standard pitches and Rhodes says it has already made a difference . \" I think it has ,\" he told BBC Hereford and Worcester . \" you look back , there have been some very poor wickets - maybe this was the only way they could do it . \" The 51-year-old former England wicketkeeper added : \" I think , a certain extent , it 's worked . \" There have been some criticisms wickets being too flat but you 're prepared to bat a long period time and concentrate , you 'll get runs . \" Worcestershire 's two Championship matches so far - which have both been draws - have produced eight centuries , five coming the match Gloucestershire and three more their last game Essex . England all-rounder Moeen Ali , Joe Clarke , Brett D'Oliveira and Tom Kohler-Cadmore have all reached three figures the New Road side and Rhodes says better pitches will help sort the best players . \" Too many good players were playing forward defensive shots and getting average bowlers - that 's what was happing before the wickets ,\" he added . \" Now those bowlers are struggling a little bit - which I think is a good thing . \"", "Newsbeat has just the place them . the social networking company gets it way they could be checking Facebook Town . The social media company has bought more 200 acres Silicon Valley . According Silicon Valley Business Journal Facebook \" feel you just ca n't build a corporate campus , it has to be integrated the community \" . A Facebook Spokesperson told Newsbeat : \" This purchase is an investment our future and the future Menlo Park . Being a good neighbour is extremely important us . \" We look forward continuing our dialogue city and community leaders local priorities the months and years to come . \" reality it 's still too early to say exactly what Facebook may do the site and they will go ahead a full scale giant Facebook town where workers and local people can live next Facebook HQ . No official plans appear to have been drawn and Facebook may not move in a number years but it is considering building the town . It owns the land Menlo Park California and has been the area 's largest employer years . More a quarter the residents there work Facebook . Building towns workers is nothing new . the past a soap factory built the town Port Sunlight the Wirral and Bournville Birmingham was built the chocolate company . Facebook Town may be seen a way offering something back the area . The company and other computer industries have been blamed pushing house prices , making it hard locals to get the property ladder . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter , BBCNewsbeat Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Bailey died the incident Cults Academy 28 October . The 16-year-old accused - who cannot be named legal reasons - appeared private Aberdeen Sheriff Court . The boy is also charged having a blade or point school premises . He made no plea , was fully committed and remanded custody . Special assemblies were held Monday pupils returned classes the first time the incident . Bailey 's family issued a message thanks the support they have received .", "The 25-year-old has been Carlisle 2008 , making 160 appearances the club and turned a new deal to join the Saddlers . \" We knew he was a new challenge . He can come and be a dominant number one us ,\" Walsall manager Jon Whitney told the club website . Meanwhile , 22-year-old goalkeeper Liam Roberts has agreed a new one-year deal . The contract signed former Chester loanee Roberts , who has made one senior appearance Walsall , includes the option a further year the League One club 's favour . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "Wa-ays Dhaye , 18 , died multiple knife wounds being attacked Thurston Street , Slough , August . He was walking home spending the day Notting Hill Carnival . Khianni Gordon was jailed life a minimum 19 years murder Kaneel Huggins and Antwon Clarke were given 10 and nine-year sentences respectively manslaughter . Gordon , 18 , was also convicted perverting the course justice . Clarke and Huggins' sentences were referred the Court Appeal the Attorney General the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme . Huggins , 19 , had his sentence increased 16 years , and Clarke , 18 , had his sentence increased 15 years . Gordon 's sentence was not considered the court . Speaking the hearing , Attorney General Jeremy Wright said : \" These offenders knowingly participated the plan to assault and injure Wa'ays Dhaye knowing full well really serious harm or death could be caused . \" Knife crime is a real scourge our society and it 's important prison terms this type crime reflect the seriousness the offending . \" Mr Dhaye , who was born Holland but lived Slough 10 years , was stabbed walking home spending August bank holiday the Notting Hill Carnival . He died later hospital . Det Ch Insp Kevin Brown Thames Valley Police , said the three had \" hunted \" Mr Dhaye following a minor altercation two groups the carnival . He said : \" The three them left Wa-ays dying the street and it was members the public who found him and came his aid . \" Update 21 November 2016 : This story has been amended following updated information supplied the Attorney General the sentencing", "The 19-year-old moved Glasgow a year ago and has played more 40 games the Scottish champions . His 18-month deal ends the summer and Roberts intends to return City to battle a place . \" I 'll always have that belief ; the more you play , the more you improve ,\" said Roberts . \" It 's been my first proper season playing men 's football . I did a bit Fulham , but I was in and out , the same Man City , so coming here , the manager [ Ronny Deila ] played me a lot and Brendan 's [ Rodgers ] been really good me as well . \" It 's been good and I 'm thoroughly enjoying it . I came here to improve , to win trophies and score goals . \" Hopefully the end the season I can take that back me City and have a good go there . It 's been a great experience and I 'm thankful that . \" Roberts has often found Scott Sinclair and James Forrest starting games ahead him this season , but the winger says he has learned working Sinclair particular . He also insists the camaraderie the squad has been a significant factor Celtic reached the Champions League group stages and have put together a run 25 unbeaten domestic matches . Celtic can avoid defeat St Johnstone Wednesday , they will equal the record 26 set the Lisbon Lions the 1966-67 season . Roberts , though , insists the players are not giving too much thought the record . \" The team spirit 's been great day one , when the manager came and the boys came back pre-season ,\" he said . \" We 've kept each other going , we 've had good times , fun together , and done well the pitch . It shows results and we continue to do that , it should be a very good season us . \" It 's [ ] momentum , you feel good , positive and go every game believing you can win . The more you win , the more positive you are . We 're good stead right now and we 'll go Wednesday firing and ready to go . \" We 're just going the mentality to win every game . Wednesday we 'll show that again . We 'll be buzzing to be back the league and looking to put a good show . \" It 's more other people [ looking the record ] , we just focus trying to win . We 'll do all we can to do that and focus the game . \"", "Gilmartin , 30 , has signed an undisclosed-length deal leaving the Hornets , where he failed to play a first-team game three years . His most recent senior match England came Plymouth January 2013 . Keeper Brill , 31 , joined Colchester January a short-term deal and rejected the offer a new contract . The former Luton , Barnet and Oldham player found himself number two Sam Walker , who played every league game last season . Gilmartin will coach keepers Walker and Dillon Barnes , Ademola Bankole leaving the role more nine years the club . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "John and Elizabeth Knott Bosbury , Herefordshire , were found dead their home August . Each had died a single shotgun wound . A shotgun registered Mr Knott , 71 , was recovered police the scene . Assistant Coroner Roland Wooderson recorded a verdict unlawful killing Mrs Knott , finding Mr Knott intentionally took his own life . The couple 's daughter Elizabeth Conway said she was shocked , but not surprised . \" Mum did n't want to continue to live that and Dad could n't see a life Mum ,\" she said a statement . The inquest , sitting Hereford Town Hall , heard Mrs Knott , 70 , had been suffering Alzheimer 's disease and anxiety . Friends described how Mr Knott had been devoted his wife , known Anne , and had been upset when she attended a nearby respite care home . A couple days arriving the care home , the inquest was told Mr Knott arranged his wife to return home and two days later the couple were found dead . Relatives alerted police becoming concerned them . They were found a workshop the back their garage . The door had been locked the inside and the handle removed . Giving evidence , Det Sgt Tim Powell said there was no sign any third-party involvement . The inquest also heard Mr Knott had been concerned plans travellers to move land their home .", "The government said it has now turned back 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach Australia boat . July a small wooden boat , the first \" illegal \" vessel entry Australia June 2014 , was spotted the north-west coast . It was not seen again and the government refused to say where it was . The government usually refuses to comment boat turn-backs but Immigration Minister Peter Dutton Thursday told local media : \" There were 46 people a recent venture that did come Vietnam ; we have negotiated their return Vietnam . \" \" The boat that they came has been scuttled and we have been able to stare that venture ,\" he said , adding the government 's policy was not to allow people arriving \" illegally \" boat to settle Australia . Australia has been sending migrant boats back where they came December 2013 . Refugee support group VOICE said three the Vietnamese refugees were now police detention Vietnam . Spokesman Trug Doan told the Australian Broadcasting Corp they were being held \" an indefinite period interrogation \" . The Greens party has said the turn-backs are a breach the UN 's Refugee Convention . Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young said last month handing the Vietnamese group back Vietnam would be refoulement - the expulsion people entitled to claim refugee status .", "The Spaniard , 23 , started pole but slipped fifth place an early technical issue . He recovered and overtook Valentino Rossi 12 laps to go , securing his fourth win the season and taking his championship total 248 points . Rossi struggled to close Marquez 's lead and fell defending champion Jorge Lorenzo to finish third . Victory - the 28th his career the top category - gives Marquez a clear lead second-placed Rossi , four races remaining . Earlier , Brad Binder became the first South African motorcycle grand prix world champion 1980 he won the Moto3 title . 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 41 minutes 57.678 seconds 2. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:00.418 3. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 42:03.661 4. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:05.916 5. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 42:10.899 6. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 42:14.750 7. Aleix Espargaro ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:16.200 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:17.110 9. Alvaro Bautista ( Spa ) Aprilia - 42:20.749 10. Stefan Bradl ( Ger ) Aprilia - 42:25.576 1. Marc Marquez ( Spa ) Honda - 248 points 2. Valentino Rossi ( Ita ) Yamaha - 196 3. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spa ) Yamaha - 182 4. Dani Pedrosa ( Spa ) Honda - 155 5. Maverick Vinales ( Spa ) Suzuki - 149 6. Cal Crutchlow ( GB ) Honda - 105 7. Andrea Dovizioso ( Ita ) Ducati - 104 8. Andrea Iannone ( Ita ) Ducati - 96 8. Pol Espargaro ( Spa ) Yamaha - 96 10. Hector Barbera ( Spa ) Ducati - 84", "Cornish-born Glover was meant to be back winning partner Heather Stanning , but Glover , 27 , won the Swann last season . \" We had a whole year together last year so hopefully it 'll click place ,\" she told BBC Radio Cornwall . \" It 's clicking place fairly easily , we just need to get back the same page technically and get doing the same things . \" Swann replaced Stanning last season she Glover and Swann won three World Cup events together last season as well the world title South Korea . And a good performance Amsterdam , Glover says there could be some tough decisions the Great Britain selectors who partners her the coxless pair the rest this season . She said : \" It 's going to be a quite interesting one Heather coming back taking a year the army and Polly staying here . \" There 's lots selection things who will be the pair those two . \" But I want to keep my eye the World Championships the end August Amsterdam . \" It 'd be great to try and hold our world champion title , whoever else is the boat me . \"", "He said it was \" dispiriting pretty unsurprising \" to see David Cameron 's government turn their back the coalition 's \" liberal stance \" . The former deputy prime minister also criticised his former partners' \" swagger \" the EU referendum . And , his final speech MPs Lib Dem leader , he predicted the EU debate would \" devour \" Mr Cameron 's party . A contest to replace Mr Clegg is way the election left his party just eight MPs . \" My party 's presence may be much , much reduced size , but our mission is clearer ever ,\" said Mr Clegg . He said new data monitoring powers , resisted his party government , represented a \" turbo charged snooper 's charter \" , and said there had not been enough to support social care and house-building . He accused the Conservatives ditching their commitment civil liberties . \" The human rights we hold dear , our right privacy an online age , our future an open-minded , outward-looking country , are all hanging the balance again the measures announced today ,\" he said . \" The previous coalition government 's commitment fairness is weakened ,\" he added . Mr Clegg said he sensed \" a slight swagger \" the Conservatives Mr Cameron 's bid to repatriate powers the EU , saying the PM was \" ambivalent \" the UK 's place Europe . And he called electoral reform and wholesale changes Britain 's constitution , adding : \" This sort piecemeal tinkering does not go nearly far enough . \" He began his speech , a half empty chamber , saying it was \" an unaccustomed surprise \" to speak the Commons being greeted a \" disobliging wall noise \" the opposition benches . Following the Lib Dem leader the Commons , Conservative MP Andrew Mitchell said history would treat Mr Clegg 's time deputy prime minister more kindly the electorate had .", "Output rose 9.3 % a year ago , which was up March 's figure 8.9 % but market forecasts a 9.5 % rise . Fixed-asset investment also weakened the first four months 2013 . Last week , a separate survey suggested manufacturing activity , a subset industrial production , grew a slower pace April . \" This is not the start a rally , it is a sputtering whimper momentum continues to fade ,\" said economists IHS Global Insight . Linda YuehChief business correspondent IHS also said slowing fixed-asset investment - a key measure government spending - suggested weakness manufacturing and infrastructure construction , and warned the pace could fall further government efforts to curb the housing market . Separately , Bank America Merrill Lynch analysts also warned there was an increased \" downside risk \" the economy . China 's economy expanded an annual rate 7.7 % the first three months the year , down 7.9 % the previous quarter . Officials have warned the economy is set to slow the government attempts to rebalance the economy getting domestic consumer demand to drive growth , rather investments and exports . This attempt now appears to be having an impact . According government statistics , the first three months this year , the largest part the economy was services - not manufacturing .", "Tshibola , 20 , came the Royals' academy system and signed his first professional contract last summer . He made his professional debut Nottingham Forest August . Bingham , 21 , joined Mansfield Wigan Athletic the summer and has scored four goals 20 games the Stags all competitions . Pools are awaiting clearance the Football Association and the Football League the duo to feature Wycombe Wanderers Saturday .", "Polling booths opened 07:00 BST the area 's 15 constituencies , results expected to be declared midnight . Votes will be counted the polls close 22:00 BST . the latest news all the counts Merseyside , go our election live service or check the results your constituency profile page .", "The poster the phrase # prayforjosh appeared Holywood the A2 the last week . It is part a social media campaign supporting 13-year-old Joshua Martin , Donaghadee , County Down . Life took a dramatic turn the teenager when he was diagnosed cancer Christmas Eve . He was due to have an operation his appendix the Royal Victoria Hospital Belfast . However , doctors instead discovered and removed a large primary cancer and five smaller growths . The news shocked Josh 's family , but his diagnosis they have received lots support people all the world . It began a hashtag Facebook and Instagram Bangor Elim Church , where Josh 's father is the pastoral staff , and has since gone viral . The church 's senior pastor , Gary Beattie , said he was amazed how many people have supported Josh and his family so far . \" We were total shock when he was diagnosed , and really the family just wanted support people and to ask people to pray Josh ,\" Gary said . \" It certainly is n't a campaign such , we just put the hashtag our Facebook posts to get some our congregation thinking him . We had no idea it would take . \" We would use social media quite a lot we have quite a young congregation , and we 've been posting updates Josh his family . \" The update was shared 948 times and it 's been seen 79,000 people . It 's absolutely phenomenal . \" We thought there had been a mistake , but you can look the views and where they 've come , and there are people all the world supporting him , which is great . \" But how did a social media hashtag lead the appearance the massive billboard ? Gary said last week a mystery donor paid the sign and it was erected Holywood playing fields . \" We do not know where it came , we did n't put it there , but it means a lot to have such support ,\" Gary said . There has also been a huge outpouring support Twitter the Bangor Grammar pupil , his classmates using the now-global hashtag their friend . Josh 's family and friends continue to support him his recovery , it now seems there will be people all the world will be following suit , thanks the kindness County Down strangers .", "GKN Aerospace Yeovil , Somerset , which makes airframes Royal Navy helicopters , said the potential loss the contact puts 230 jobs risk . Leonardo , which assembles the Wildcat helicopter the town , has told GKN it plans to take production in-house . The firm said the current arrangement was \" no longer sustainable \" . The union Unite said it was a \" massive blow \" . GKN has begun formal consultations the unions regarding potential job losses Yeovil . The firm said a statement the move Leonardo \" puts risk the long term viability our Yeovil site \" . GKN added : \" Having completed a thorough assessment the business , we have regrettably concluded GKN Yeovil , it stands today , is no longer a sustainable business and will have to be significantly downsized or fully closed . \" We will now enter a period consultation nominated employee representatives . \" Andy Soughton the Unite union said talk a potential site closure was a \" bit a shock \" . \" We 've had quite a few redundancies the years , and work has dropped a little bit ,\" he said . \" So I think people were expecting something to happen . But not a closure . \" More 250 jobs were lost GKN 's car manufacturing branch Telford Shropshire August .", "Matthew Gillard , Connsbrook Avenue east Belfast , pleaded not guilty charges including kidnapping and false imprisonment . The defendant , 25 , also denied charges common assault , assaulting a police officer and driving dangerously . The charges relate incidents east Belfast and Comber Saturday 4 April . Newtownards Magistrates Court heard the defendant and the woman were his car east Belfast when he began questioning her who she was seeing . A detective giving evidence court said the woman tried to get the Seat Toledo car but the defendant allegedly drove speed , a red light Bloomfield Avenue . When the car stopped the Belfast Road Comber , the woman escaped a lane but was carried back the car the defendant , the court heard . An off-duty police sergeant saw this and went to help the woman . When the sergeant tried to intervene , the defendant allegedly drove his car the officer , forcing him to get the way . The sergeant was able to pull the keys the ignition the car 's open window , but the defendant wrenched them his grasp . He then drove the Grand Parade area east Belfast where the woman was released . He is also alleged to have sent the woman a message threatening she went police the incident he would \" ruin her life every possible way \" . The court heard the defendant handed himself police Wednesday , being aware Saturday he was wanted the PSNI . But police interviews he refused to answer questions put him . An application bail was made but this was refused . Mr Gillard will appear again court 1 May .", "The rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles ( 418km ) west the Western Isles and is only 30m ( 100ft ) wide and 21m ( 70ft ) high the sea . The Nato documents report how the UK claimed Rockall 1955 . The government feared it could be used \" hostile agents \" a place to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range . A small team military personnel was taken Rockall the Royal Navy September 1955 to claim UK territory . A Union Flag was raised and a plaque installed the rock . the documents , it says : \" This decision the UK government was connected the fact the UK government had recently decided to set a guided missile range South Uist , the Outer Hebrides . \" The island Rockall was uninhabited but this government wished to guard the possibility hostile agents installing themselves the island order to observe the effects the tests the South Uist range . \" People have stayed Rockall , only temporarily , the past , including 1997 when three campaigners Greenpeace managed to climb the rock . They lived Rockall 42 days and renamed it Waveland protest exploration new oil and gas reserves the surrounding seabed . 2014 , a Scots adventurer broke the record occupying the remote North Atlantic rock . Adventurer Nick Hancock survived on there 43 days , beating the previous record held three Greenpeace campaigners who lived there 42 days . The time also beat the previous solo record 40 days set Tom McClean 1985 . Mr Hancock celebrated achieving the solo record popping a small bottle champagne also sending a tweet a message veteran adventurer Mr McClean , Morar the west Highlands . His message was simply : \" Sorry Tom . \"", "Sir Peter Blake received Liverpool 's Citizen Honour a ceremony the city 's Liver building . The 84-year-old also gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover entitled Everybody Razzle Dazzle . Sir Peter , who was born Kent , said he hopes Liverpool people will accept him an \" honorary Scouser \" . Lord Mayor Liverpool Roz Gladden said : \" Sir Peter has helped shape Liverpool 's cultural significance the global stage more five decades - Sgt Pepper Everybody Razzle Dazzle . \" His work The Beatles was one the seminal moments popular art the 20th Century and 50 years on still resonates the world we will see our 50 Summers Love programme . \" She said he had continued to make outstanding contributions the cultural life the city \" underlining the depth feeling he has Liverpool and the city has him \" . Sir Peter said : \" As well my music links the city , I 'm proud my association Liverpool Biennial and Tate Liverpool and hope to continue my relationship the city . \" He said he treasures \" the warmth and good humour the people Liverpool \" . Citizen Honour awards were introduced 2008 to recognise individuals who have enriched the image Liverpool and its citizens . Recent recipients include James Barton , founder the nightclub brand Cream , and Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts film director David Yates . The Snowdrop ferry was due to be returned its original paintwork the end 2016 but it has been extended 2019 .", "The 25-year-old , who is 6ft 9ins tall , joined the Minstermen Tranmere Rovers a two-year deal May , but has only made five appearances . Mooney 's first stint professional football England was Wycombe and he spent time Conference North side Oxford City joining Tranmere . He is available Alfreton 's game Welling United Saturday .", "Its new official forecast is the gap spending and taxes still to be a deficit \u00a3 7bn 2019-20 , compared the Office Budget Responsibility 's forecast made the last budget a surplus \u00a3 7bn . Its gloomier projection may be seen a particular embarrassment the Tories , given Labour and the Liberal Democrats they are committed generating a surplus the overall budget . However a small part the forecasting difference the IMF and the OBR is the IMF assumes there will be a weakish minority government the election and therefore spending will be a bit higher the Tories' plan . So a senior Tory put a brave face the IMF 's disagreement the OBR and said it showed the risks voters not giving them a clear mandate . However that is not the whole story , the IMF also believes the OBR is being a bit too optimistic growth and tax revenues the latter years the next parliament . truth therefore the IMF is highlighting whoever leads the next government may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending a bit more currently planned . This may represent a bigger headache the Tories Labour or the LibDems given the last few days the Tories have committed themselves \u00a3 6bn tax cuts and \u00a3 8bn increased spending the NHS , saying where the money these giveaways would come . fact just yesterday a senior Tory pointed the OBR 's projected surplus 2019 / 20 and said that would cover ( almost ) the NHS commitment . Well the IMF today says \u00a3 7bn surplus is a chimera . All that said , the IMF forecast is a million miles being devastating any party : the difference a \u00a3 7bn deficit and \u00a3 7bn surplus 2020 is just 0.6 % GDP or national income - which is a rounding error the context a deficit that was a humongous 10 % GDP just five years ago .", "Raworth and Michelle Ackerley , formerly a reporter the BBC One consumer show , will join Matt Allwright and Chris Hollins when its new series begins next month . Anne Robinson 's departure Watchdog 12 years the programme was announced earlier this month . Raworth 's addition the line-up comes more 30 years her completing work experience the show . \" Watchdog is the reason I got television ,\" she said . \" doing two weeks work experience the programme when I was 16 , I was determined to become a journalist . \" I 've presented Watchdog Daily and Test House the past three years . I 'm delighted to have been asked to join Matt , Chris and Michelle the new series . It feels I 've come full circle . \" Ackerley joined the BBC 2005 and has previously reported Watchdog and the Crimewatch Roadshow . \" I 'm passionate uncovering and investigating new stories and excited to work Matt , Chris and Sophie ,\" she said . \" I 'm genuinely excited to be part such a fantastic team . \" The new series Watchdog starts 8 October .", "A new report published the corporation showed licence money spending had a positive knock-on effect regional economies . The total expenditure the two-year period came \u00a3 4.3bn , which led a gross value-added ( GVA ) boost the economy \u00a3 8.3bn . However , spending London was three times the rest the UK combined . The report said : \" The effect initial BBC spending is ' multiplied ' it ripples the economy region region and sector sector ( and the employees those sectors ) . This is known the ' multiplier effect '.\" The BBC 's chief economic and policy adviser Najma Rajah explained : \" The basic premise is when the BBC spends a pound , the impact that pound is ' multiplied ' that pound spent the BBC creates value elsewhere the economy . \" So , example , the BBC were to buy a camera a supplier Manchester , the camera supplier would receive some money return the camera . \" The camera company would then use the income generated the sale the camera to pay their suppliers the components that went the camera and to also pay their employees and so on . \" Rajah added : \" A really good example how this multiplier effect works is when the BBC commissions a programme that is made an independent television production . \" The programme might be filmed Scotland using local runners , electricians , make-up artists etc . who are paid and then will spend their wages Scotland the benefit the Scottish economy . \" The report revealed significant growth the north England following the opening the new BBC North headquarters Salford Quays , GVA growing 19.7 % \u00a3 391m . But the Midlands , it fell 21.7 % \u00a3 199m , the south was down 18.8 % \u00a3 699m and Wales dropped 6.2 % \u00a3 276m . London saw the biggest expenditure \u00a3 2.98bn - nearly three times as much the rest the UK combined - which turn generated \u00a3 5.65bn GVA . John Tate , the BBC 's director policy and strategy , used the findings the report to call Ofcom to reverse its plans a spectrum tax broadcasters year . a blog post he wrote : \" The wider benefit the licence fee provides an extra reason Ofcom to think again it implements a spectrum tax next year : a levy the spectrum broadcasters use to transmit their programmes . \" As well hitting licence fee payers , such a tax would remove much-needed cash the UK 's creative sector . \"", "Security assistance has been withheld 2011 , when the Gulf state put mass Shia-led protests . But US State Department spokesman John Kirby said Bahrain had made progress human rights , including the release political prisoners . Bahrain is home the US Navy 's Fifth fleet and has flown airstrike missions Syria part the US-led coalition Islamic State ( IS ) . \" We believe it is important to recognise the government Bahrain has made some meaningful progress human rights reforms and reconciliation ,\" State Department spokesman John Kirby said a statement . He added this did not mean the US thought the human rights situation Bahrain was adequate . \" Following the lift these holds , we will continue to press Bahrain our human rights concerns ,\" Mr Kirby said . He gave no details what the security assistance would entail . The move was quickly criticised rights groups . Sarah Margon , the Washington director Human Rights Watch , said the decision to lift restrictions was taking place any \" real or meaningful political reform \" Bahrain . She said a statement \" Bahrain 's jails are bursting the seams political detainees and the recent prison sentence political opposition leader , al-Wefaq secretary general Sheikh Ali Salman , means a political accommodation remains as far away ever . \" Earlier June , Sheikh Salman was jailed four years inciting hatred , promoting disobedience and \" insulting \" public institutions . Shia-dominated demonstrations Bahrain 's Sunni monarchy have occurred sporadically 2011 . Dozens died when the government moved to quash protests four years ago .", "The ticket the Grosvenor Norwich was bought seven shillings and sixpence and signed the gig John Lennon and Ringo Starr . It also states the band were supported the now defunct venue Prince Wales Road local band Ricky Lee and the Hucklebucks . The ticket is being auctioned Bonhams 3 July . the time the gig The Beatles were celebrating their first number one single Me You , which stayed the top the British singles chart seven weeks . Bonhams said the ticket also contained the signatures Paul McCartney and George Harrison , it would have been worth \u00a3 4,000 .", "Keith Davies , 56 , Troedyrhiw , has not been seen he left his home about 12:00 GMT Saturday . South Wales Police had appealed information following his disappearance . Monday , the force confirmed a body has been found but has not yet been formally identified . Mr Davies' family has been informed .", "Red Bull motorsport boss Helmut Marko told Germany 's Bild newspaper : \" The idea Mercedes is finished . We are now focusing elsewhere . \" Team principal Christian Horner said he was doing \" necessary due diligence \" talking other manufacturers . their partnership Renault disintegrating , the team may be forced to switch Ferrari engines . Mercedes are understood to be supplying Red Bull - who are contracted Renault 2016 - they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive . Media playback is not supported this device The German giant is also concerned what it and many other F1 insiders perceive to be Red Bull 's history antagonistic relationships engine partners . Red Bull 's relationship Renault has been difficult some time , and appears to have become untenable recent months the team 's frustrations the lack competitiveness the French engine boil . Honda is the only other manufacturer F1 , but partner McLaren would almost certainly exercise their veto any potential deal Red Bull , who any case are not believed to be interested a deal the Japanese company this stage . Renault , which supplies only Red Bull and sister team Toro Rosso F1 , is the final stages negotiations to take the financially troubled Lotus team , no deal has yet been completed . Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene said the Italian company was prepared to supply Red Bull necessary . He said he was not concerned their reputation being able to build highly-competitive chassis F1 , led their design chief Adrian Newey . Arrivabene said : \" theory they have big names , Newey chief designer and it is easy to think you give them the engine they will build a scary chassis , which means they will be really competitive . \" Concerning my team , my engineers and aerodynamicists know their own jobs . that reason I do n't have a problem , and competition is nice when you have a stronger competitor . \" This does n't mean tomorrow morning we will give our engines Red Bull or Toro Rosso . \" But I do n't see any kind problem to give our engine any other team or be scared the competition they start . \" This is not the right spirit competition or what Ferrari represents . We fight everybody . \"", "The \" call sites \" forms part the second stage a comprehensive review the island 's planning strategy . The department has stressed no guarantees will be given where development can take place , but it wants to assess the potential . Islanders have 17:00 BST 13 September to submit applications . The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan . Two main areas have already been deemed suitable development Guernsey . These are St Peter Port and St Sampson / Vale , which have already been extensively developed . There are 10 further areas which are consideration \" local centres \" , where development will be encouraged order to provide housing and employment opportunities . Only submissions relating these areas will be considered . Details successful and unsuccessful submissions will be published the final review , meaning there will be no confidentiality other respect contact details . Information the consultation and the submission form required have been made available the department 's section the States website .", "The Highland village 's Ruthven Road is mentioned a line the film delivered Janet Vigne , Edinburgh . De Vigne 's appearance the screening will mark the launch new weekly film nights Kingussie . The village does not have a cinema , but will hold the events a local hotel . Holding weekly film nights was suggested an annual festival celebrating movies . Organiser Iona Malcolm said : \" This was all born the Kingussie Food Film Festival when a survey was carried interest a film night Kingussie . \" The reaction was very , very positive . \" Directed Danny Boyle , Slumdog Millionaire won eight Oscars 2009 .", "Division One leaders Middlesex , who were bowled 381 Taunton to lead 145 , looked charge when they reduced Somerset 59-3 and 126-4 . But Trescothick , who made 124 , and Trego , still there 115 , shared 181 to leave the contest the balance . Somerset closed 348-6 , an advantage 203 runs . a surface that has become easier batting the game has progressed , the outcome seems likely to rest the length time Trego spends the crease the final day . Somerset would perhaps want to post a target excess 250 , anything less would probably leave Middlesex favourites . the home side , who one stage looked set to be defeated three days , are still a shout is down entirely Trescothick and Trego . Opener Trescothick had seen Johann Myburgh bowled offering no shot Harry Podmore and captain Chris Rogers shovel the same bowler to point a duck . James Hildreth was caught slip the off-spin Ollie Rayner , Trescothick found some support James Allenby , but when he mistimed a pull mid-on , Somerset were still 19 behind . But Trescothick , playing characteristically powerful cover drives , and Trego , who capitalised the Middlesex bowlers often dropped short , compiled their huge fifth-wicket stand to drag the hosts back it . Trescothick 's 48th Somerset hundred took him Sir Viv Richards second the all-time list , Trego completed his 14th first-class ton . Only when James Harris found some late energy did he have both Trescothick and Craig Overton caught behind , leaving Alex Barrow to accompany Trego the close . Harris was earlier the last Middlesex wicket to fall , caught slip Tim Groenewald 78 , missing a maiden first-class hundred , just James Fuller , who fell the same combination 93 .", "Lights first went Ramon Lobo , a pro-government lawmaker , defended the energy policies President Nicolas Maduro , reports said . Opposition MP Luis Florido quipped Twitter : \" The country 's reality has hit them the face . \" The session was later suspended . Venezuela faces a severe electricity crisis and shortages are frequent . Reports said other buildings the same area the capital , Caracas , were also hit power cuts , Wednesday afternoon . Venezuela 's National Assembly is controlled the opposition . Delsa Solorzano , an opposition MP , tweeted a video the chamber the dark . MP Freddy Guevara , also the opposition , said : \" What a shame : the parliament session was interrupted the energy went . Right the day we 're discussing the energy sector law . \" Oil-rich Venezuela is the middle a deep economic crisis caused a drop global oil prices . The country is suffering a shortage basic goods , food and electricity . Earlier this year , the government introduced power rationing and a two-day working week public sector workers ways to tackle the crisis . It said a major drought , which dramatically reduced water levels its main hydroelectric dam , was to blame . But the opposition accused authorities mismanagement . Some the measures have already been lifted .", "Prop Mako Vunipola , 25 , and 23-year-old brother Billy , started their careers Thornbury Rugby Club . Both have become England regulars joining Saracens , Mako winning 29 international caps and Billy 23 . They were both junior members the club the outskirts Bristol South Gloucestershire . Roy Black , who was chairman Thornbury RFC the time , said they were \" big lads \" when they were 11 or 12 and caused the opposition \" a lot problems \" \" you saw them Thornbury and they were walking the club or school they 'd always have a rugby ball their hand and throwing it one side the road the other the traffic ,\" he said . Mr Black also recounted the time when Lloyd Spacey , their PE teacher nearby Castle School , was knocked the ground Mako asking him \" did he play rugby \" . \" Mako grunted ' yes ' , so Lloyd picked a tackle bag and Mako ran straight him when he was about 13 ,\" Mr Black said .", "Emma Morano was born 29 November 1899 the Piedmont region Italy . She was officially the last person born the 1800s still living . She had attributed her longevity her genetics and a diet three eggs a day , two them raw . Ms Morano was the oldest eight siblings , all whom she has outlived . She died her home the northern city Verbania . Her life not only spanned three centuries but also survived an abusive marriage , the loss her only son , two World Wars and more 90 Italian governments . Ms Morano had admitted her longevity was partly down genetics : her mother reached 91 and several sisters reached their centenary . But it was also down a rather unusual diet three eggs - two raw - each day more 90 years . It was a regime she took a young woman , the doctor diagnosed her anaemia shortly World War One . She had cut just two eggs a day , and a few biscuits recently . Her doctor 27 years , Carlo Bava , had told AFP news agency she rarely ate vegetables or fruit . \" When I met her , she ate three eggs day , two raw the morning and then an omelette noon , and chicken dinner . \" Ms Morano also credited her longevity her decision , 1938 , to kick her husband - a year her baby boy died just six months old . The marriage had never been healthy , she said . She had been love a boy who was killed World War One , and had no interest marrying someone else . But , she told La Stampa newspaper an interview when she was a spritely 112 she was left little choice . \" He told me : ' you 're lucky you marry me , or I 'll kill you ' . I was 26 years old . I got married . \" Eventually , it became too much . they separated 1938 , they remained married he died 1978 . Ms Morano , who worked she was 75 , chose never to marry again . \" I did n't want to be dominated anyone ,\" she told the New York Times . She had only taken a full-time carer a couple years ago - but had not left her small two-room apartment 20 years . According the US-based Gerontology Research Group ( GRG ) , the world 's oldest human being is now Jamaican Violet Brown , who was born March 10 , 1900 .", "Owens' team suffered a record European defeat they conceded nine tries a 64-14 Champions Cup hammering Paris . New Zealand 's World Rugby player the year Dan Carter kicking six goals and organising the demolition , Wales international Owens believes Racing will be hard to beat . \" It 's difficult to stop a side Racing - they 've got the complete package ,\" said Owens . \" They are the best team Europe . \" Saracens England are up there , playing very good stuff . But I think Racing , the squad they 've got , the calibre player and the different variations their game , have the edge . \" Racing beat Scarlets 29-12 Llanelli November , World Cup winner Carter made his debut the French club . \" They had a different mindset when we played them before - they were happy to live our mistakes ,\" Owens continued . \" But today they upped the tempo and brought the game us and they have definitely improved . \" Carter coming , plenty experience , a ball-player , really organising the backs - he 's made a big difference their back line . \" He allows players to play him and his organisation - you could just hear him talking - he 's a huge asset any team . He 's the best player the world and it shows . \" However , head coach Wayne Pivac was not happy his team 's discipline Stade Yves du Manoir . Scarlets were pressure , but had stood Racing 's power the Welsh region 's second row Maselino Paulino was shown a yellow card a high tackle Yannick Nyanga deep Racing territory . And five minutes , Scarlets wing DTH van der Merwe followed the Samoan the sin-bin a tip tackle . that point the score was 10-0 , but the time Van der Merwe returned , Scarlets trailed 31-0 . \" Twenty-one points came pretty quickly ,\" Pivac said . \" Look , they are a class side when it 's 15 15 , let alone taking one and then two players off , so that did hurt us . \" So I was disappointed our discipline that early part the game . \" Scarlets have now lost all five their European Champions Cup matches this season - the visit Northampton Saints still to come .", "The scores were level the break Theo Fages and Matty Smith crossing the visitors and Alex Mellor and Patrick Ah Van going Widnes . Saints took the lead when Mark Percival kicked a penalty , the Vikings had been penalised offside . That looked to be the winning score , but the hosts eventually made their pressure tell when Ah Van crashed . The New Zealander 's second try the night gave the hosts a first home win the season , and they are now just one point 11th-placed Huddersfield . Victory will ease some the pressure coach Denis Betts , but his team did it the hard way . They were much the better team the first half but went in level the break individual errors contributed them failing to add their 12 points . Saints had a Luke Thompson try ruled the video ref 14-12 up , Ah Van 's decisive score gave Widnes a vital two points . Widnes : Hanbury , Thompson , Bridge , Runciman , Ah Van , Mellor , Gilmore , Dudson , Johnstone , Buchanan , Houston , Dean , Gerrard . Replacements : Whitley , Burke , J. Chapelhow , D. Walker . St Helens : Bailey , Swift , Fleming , Percival , Grace , Fages , Smith , Richards , Lee , Amor , Taia , Wilkin , Thompson . Replacements : McCarthy-Scarsbrook , Walmsley , Peyroux , Knowles . Whitehaven Halifax the Challenge Cup fifth round is live on Sunday , 23 April Connected TV and online 14:55 BST , live text commentary online .", "Ashley Brace , Ebbw Vale , Blaenau Gwent , could not compete the Commonwealth Games her kickboxing past . She said she was unhappy the support the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association ( WABA ) . Chairman David Francis said the organisation did all it could to help . The Association International Boxing Associations ( AIBA ) said Brace was ineligible to compete Team Wales she had competed professional kickboxing the past , which she denied . Organisers the kickboxing tournaments she competed have also since confirmed she did so an amateur basis . A further rule states any boxer returning another individual contact sport should apply an international committee to become eligible to box again . Brace said she was never told the paperwork , which had to be submitted WABA , and felt the association let her . She now trains Bristol Boxing Gym and has her first professional fight Newport 30 October . She added : \" I would never go back Team Wales this , you do n't have confidence the people who are supposed to be fighting your corner , the end day , what 's the point ? \" Mr Francis said the whole incident was \" regrettable \" .", "Djokovic won 6-3 7-5 a largely commanding performance . The 29-year-old , who has now won seven titles this year , has beaten the Japanese nine successive occasions . Djokovic , who was beaten the third round Wimbledon Sam Querrey , will represent Serbia the Rio Olympics . \" I do n't need to explain every athlete dreams being a part the Olympic Games ,\" he said . \" I 'm competing singles and doubles . \" Hopefully I 'll get at least one medal . \"", "However , the Bairns boss has underlined any forward signing will need to exhibit even more quality two his promising youngsters . \" I bring another striker he 's got to be better young Botti Bia-Bi and Scott Shepherd ,\" said Houston . \" I would be looking the more experienced type , and another defender would come handy as well . \" Eighteen-year-old Bia-Bi , a London-born Scot who has progressed Falkirk 's academy , glanced a fine equalising header Cowdenbeath Saturday to ensure Houston 's side left Central Park a point . The former Dundee United manager stated no uncertain terms he wants to \" eradicate \" the errors that allowed Cowdenbeath to lead twice their first Championship game the season . Houston labelled \" not picking runners \" the problem conceding the opening goal and a \" crazy mix-up \" the reason former Bairn Sean Higgins gave the Blue Brazil a second . An \" exceptional \" Rory Loy strike and Bia-Bi 's header kept Falkirk level terms . \" To score a header that is not the easiest thing ,\" added Houston . \" He put it right the corner credit him . \" He made an impact when he came and he might be due a longer run the start . Next the Bairns is the visit Rangers Friday .", "Swansea University 's Dr Neil Loader and Emeritus Prof Alayne Street-Perrott , are a team who have found ancient earthworks , possibly 2,000 years old . The discoveries were made Acre state the western Brazilian Amazon . Researchers the universities Exeter and Reading , and Brazil 's S\u00c3 \u00a3 o Paulo , Bel\u00c3 \u00a9 m are also part the team . Their research investigated ditched enclosures which were concealed centuries bamboo-dominated rainforest modern deforestation allowed the discovery more 450 large geometrical \" geoglyphs \" . The team said the function these mysterious sites is still little understood . They are unlikely to be villages , archaeologists have recovered very few artefacts excavation , and their layout does not suggest they were built defensive reasons . Instead it is thought they were used only sporadically , perhaps ritual gathering places , similar the Maya pyramids Central America , or Britain 's own Stonehenge . Dr Loader - who has analysed soil samples the geoglyphs - said the surroundings which they were built were very different other ritual sites the world . He looked phytoliths - a type microscopic plant fossil made silica - to reconstruct ancient vegetation ; charcoal quantities , to assess the amount ancient forest burning ; and carbon stable isotopes , to indicate the type vegetation growing there the past . \" The indications are the geoglyphs were constructed taller vegetation . So , the towering Maya pyramids Central America , they were likely not visible the forest canopy , and this raises questions their purpose ,\" he explained . It had been assumed prior the arrival Europeans the early 16th Century , the Amazonian forests had been pristine ecosystems , free human influence . But the new research indicates a wide variety plant species spread 6,000 years , which could only have been artificially brought together humans . It suggested instead burning large tracts forest - either geoglyph construction or agricultural practices - people transformed their environment concentrating economically valuable trees such palms . The team have likened it a form \" prehistoric supermarket \" useful forest products . They said there is \" tantalizing evidence \" to suggest the biodiversity some Acre 's remaining forests may retain a strong legacy these ancient \" agroforestry \" practices this day .", "Two the songs come the Don Quixote musical Man La Mancha , which was a Broadway smash the 1960s . \" As far I am concerned , Don Quixote is the most metal fictional character that I know ,\" the Hobbit star said . \" Single handed , he is trying to change the world , regardless any personal consequences . It is a wonderful character to sing . \" The album also includes an ear-splitting version Frank Sinatra 's My Way - originally written Paul Anka - which Lee originally released 2006 . \" My Way is a very remarkable song ,\" said the star a YouTube preview . \" It is also difficult to sing you 've got to convince people what you 're singing is the truth . \" Sir Christopher launched his singing career the 1990s , an album Broadway tunes , including I Stole The Prince Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Gondoliers , and Epiphany Sweeney Todd . 2010 , his album Charlemagne : the Sword and the Cross , which told the story the first Holy Roman Emperor won a Spirit Metal Award Metal Hammer magazine . His latest release , Metal Knight , is a collaboration Italian symphonic metal band , Rhapsody Fire . \" I associate heavy metal fantasy the tremendous power that the music delivers ,\" he has said . The actor is known his numerous appearances Dracula , as well playing Scaramanga The Man The Golden Gun , Saruman Lord The Rings , and Count Dooku the Star Wars prequels . Last year , he was presented a fellowship the British Film Institute .", "Allardyce took charge the Black Cats October when they were winless their opening eight matches , but guided them 17th and safety . \" I do n't want to go that again ,\" he told BBC Newcastle . Allardyce added he plans to discuss transfer targets owner Ellis Short the next few days . Sunderland survived a game to spare victory Everton Allardyce describing it a \" miraculous achievement . \" However the former West Ham and Bolton boss , who has never been relegated , says the club must learn its mistakes this campaign . \" Our season has been a difficult one . I do n't want to go that again - that 's the most important thing me , not to put myself what I did to get where we are today ,\" he added . \" The turnaround has given me great satisfaction . It has n't made me forget when it was tough , and we have to make sure it does n't happen again . \" Sunderland ended the season only one defeat 11 games , and were unbeaten their last six . Allardyce plans to discuss summer signings Short when he is back a mini-break - a meeting that \" will be one great importance \" according the the 61-year-old . \" We will have a couple days off and then see what the situation is ,\" Allardyce said . \" I ca n't look or see the future . It looks very positive but we need to get and talk it . Then we can move forward . \"", "He retained his position 41,337 votes , ahead Conservative Matthew Vickers , who received 25,229 . Those figures were a total first and second preference votes there was no overall winner 50 per cent the initial round . The total turnout was 79,829 - 19.73 % the electorate , which was up 5 % the 2012 election . Candidates standing Cleveland Constabulary are listed below . Candidates are listed alphabetically surname . BBC News App users : tap here to see the candidates . More information is available the Choose my PCC website .", "Her Majesty , who had been staying the Palace Holyroodhouse , popped the Sheep Heid Duddingston Friday . The Monarch had earlier been Musselburgh Racecourse 's 200th birthday celebrations . She is very rarely seen eating public restaurants , but the 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn has been linked the Royals the 1500s . 1580 , King James VI Scotland gifted the landlord an ornate ram 's head snuff box . It is believed he , and his mother Mary Queen Scots , stopped the inn many times to play skittles the courtyard . a mark gratitude he presented the landlord the unusual gift which remained site 300 years being sold auction the Earl Rosebery . A Sheep Heid spokesman said : \" I can confirm the Queen was here . \" He refused to give details what she ordered . However , it has been reported the Queen and her companions enjoyed two portions lamb and a fillet seabass .", "Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton was convicted killing Jennifer Laude a hotel room Olongapo city , north-west Manila , last year . Pemberton will face six and 12 years imprisonment . The case has strained ties the US and the Philippines , a former US colony where the Americans have a significant military presence . The marine was leave Olongapo 11 October 2014 , joint military exercises the Philippine army , when he met Ms Laude a bar . Police said they left together and checked a hotel , where she was found dead the next day , apparently strangled and her head the hotel toilet . Pemberton had previously testified court he had attacked Ms Laude he realised she was transgender , but said she was still alive when he left the room . The prosecution had argued Pemberton should be convicted murder , but the court downgraded this homicide . Pemberton was also ordered to pay at least 4.5 million pesos ($ 95,350 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 63,140 ) Ms Laude 's family . Ms Laude 's sister , Malou , told Reuters news agency : \" We expected a murder conviction but instead got homicide . We are not content the decision . \" Pemberton will be temporarily detained a Philippine jail the Philippine and US governments agree where he should be held his prison term . The case has led calls left-wing groups the Philippines to end its military agreements the US . the agreement , the Philippines can prosecute US military personnel but the US retains custody them \" the commission the offence completion all judicial proceedings \" , the Associated Press reports .", "Evidence suspected match-fixing elite tennis was revealed this week a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation . \" Future players will see the headlines and see it 's not an option at all ,\" doubles representative Fleming told BBC Scotland Wednesday . \" I think anyone is found to be doing it , that should be them . They should n't be playing again . \" Fleming , 31 , and his partner Jonathan Erlich , were beaten 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 the first round the Australian Open Wednesday Robin Haase and Fernando Verdasco . \" The key thing sport is it 's pure , you do n't know the outcome any given match , and that 's what people pay to come and watch ,\" he added . \" You never know what 's going to happen . That 's key and they have to preserve that . \" I 've never been approached to take money or anything to fix a match or lose a match . It does go people have been banned lower levels . I 'm surprised to see the article come and talk higher levels ; I certainly have n't been aware anything going there . \" The Scot said he had no idea the identity the suspected match-fixers , and suggested additional funding could be granted the Tennis Integrity Unit ( TIU ) , set-up to police the sport . \" Your guess is as good mine ,\" he said those involved . \" There were no names the article it 's very difficult to prove anything . I think that 's the issue the TIU has a match can be reported or look suspicious , but it does n't necessarily mean players are guilty . \" It can just be people throwing money a match . \" Fleming was adamant , though , no such activities were occurring Melbourne . \" I think you 're sitting home or buying a ticket to come and watch here the Aussie Open , I 've no doubt my mind you 're watching pure sporting theatre ,\" he said . \" Players going it and the best player winning that day . There 's no doubt my mind that is the case here . \"", "Pte Manning , formerly known Bradley , was sentenced 35 years military prison leaking a massive trove classified US documents . the conviction , she announced the desire to live a woman . However , the US military prohibits transgender people serving openly the military . Rear Admiral John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , confirmed the New York Times Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel had approved a request the Army to \" evaluate potential treatment options inmates diagnosed gender dysphoria \" . The Associated Press news agency first reported the US military was weighing a potential transfer civilian prison , citing unnamed Pentagon sources . But Wednesday , Rear Adm Kirby said no such decision had been been made yet . \" Any such decision will , course , properly balance the soldier 's medical needs our obligation to ensure Pte Manning remains bars ,\" he said . A local judge Leavenworth , Kansas , approved Pte Manning 's name change request last month , a move the military did not oppose . Pte Manning has been diagnosed military doctors multiple times gender dysphoria , the sense one 's gender being odds the sex assigned birth . But she has requested treatment , including hormone therapy , and the ability to live a woman . According a complaint filed Pte Manning 's lawyer , a military doctor Fort Leavenworth - where she is being held - had approved a treatment plan November 2013 . But it was delayed it was sent higher the chain command consideration . The US military is required to treat diagnosed disorders its soldiers but its policy allows summary dismissal transgender people . Mr Hagel has said the military policy transgender soldiers \" continually should be reviewed \" . \" Every qualified American who wants to serve our country should have an opportunity they fit the qualifications and can do it ,\" Mr Hagel said Monday , but he did not say he believed it should be overturned . this policy , a recent study a US university estimated there were about 15,000 transgender people serving the US armed forces . Pte Manning will not be discharged the military she finishes her sentence . A judge recently denied a clemency request . Transfers military prisons civilian Federal Bureau Prisons facilities are not unprecedented , but they are usually done the inmate has been discharged the military .", "Watson , 22 , was seeded eighth the tournament but lost 7-5 6-2 the world number 101 Seoul . The British number one , ranked 46 the world , converted just one seven break points the first set and the American dominated the second set . Watson 's early departure comes less a month her first-round defeat straight sets the US Open .", "McClean , who was recently released Nottingham Forest , was trial the Perth outfit the last few weeks the 2016-17 campaign . And the midfielder has now signed a one year deal McDiarmid Park . Manager Tommy Wright told the club 's website : \" I was very impressed Kyle his trial and he will go straight the first team squad . \" McClean has been included Northern Ireland 's squad their opening Euro Under-21 qualifier Estonia Thursday . St Johnstone finished fourth the Premiership 2016-17 and go the Europa League qualifiers later this month . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "30 December 2016 Last updated 17:39 GMT the last decade alone they 've bought Pixar , Marvel and Lucas Films which owned The Star Wars empire - leading suggestions they are now so powerful they have colonised childhoods . Children 's author Michael Rosen says Disney can reinvent itself \" the Royal Family \" . He told Radio 4 's The World One Disney has been successful selling itself doing things \" an ambivalent way \" .", "Figures the university admissions service , Ucas , show it was the highest number five years . Students placed clearing tend to be those who did not get the grades their favoured courses . But a dip university applications has left universities looking to fill more places usual . There have been reports some leading universities offering places clearing . This year 's early figure is nearly double the number students placed the system the same point five years ago . Overall , 437,070 students have been accepted university courses - the vast majority getting the grades their chosen places study . This is down 1.3 % the same point last year , Ucas figures show . 134,840 students are still registered looking places clearing . 2013 , universities have been able to recruit unlimited numbers students who achieved certain grades their A-levels . It comes the proportion candidates awarded top grades rose slightly last year . Ucas chief executive Clare Marchant said nearly 45,000 courses looking students there was a huge amount choice out there .", "Foreign investors have been blamed driving the cost real estate Toronto and Vancouver . Hurt failing oil prices , Canada 's ailing economy has become a major issue the country elects new leadership . Mr Harper said about 15 % condos Vancouver are n't being lived . \" such foreign , non-resident buyers are artificially driving the cost real estate and Canadian families are shut the market , that is a matter we can and should do something ,\" said Mr Harper said , who was campaigning Vancouver Wednesday . home prices the country 's interior have fallen , prices have remained high Toronto and Vancouver . The average price a detached home Vancouver - the country 's most expensive market - is more $ 1 million ( \u00c2 \u00a3 640,000 ) . Harper 's Conservative Party said it was looking restrictions foreign homeownership that have been put place other western countries . Australia limits the ability foreign buyers to purchase existing homes investment , and only allow foreign investment resulting new home construction . necessary , Mr Harper said the Conservative government will take action coordination the provinces to make sure foreign non-resident investment \" supports the availability and affordability homes Canadians . \" His administration also announced Canadians will now be permitted to withdraw $ 35,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 17,241 ) instead $ 25,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 12,315 ) retirement accounts to purchase their first homes .", "Harry Maceachen , Shrewsbury , was born a rare disease and had the life-saving transplant Thursday . His father Simon donated part his liver no suitable match was found the organ donor register . Grandmother Alison Price , a former theatre sister , said : \" The consultants are very happy their progress . \" She said it had been a \" very , very difficult 12 months \" , adding : \" The operations were satisfactory . Everything is going according plan .... the consultants are very happy their progress . \" Harry was born biliary atresia , which meant he had blocked bile ducts . He had a transplant his first birthday but liver had begun to fail , so a second one was required . Harry underwent the operation Thursday Birmingham Children 's Hospital and Mr Maceachen was operated Queen Elizabeth Hospital the city . His grandmother said : \" I used to look him ( Harry ) three days a week when his mother went back teaching and he got to know me very well . \" I think we 've got a special bond . He was born my 63rd birthday . \" She said Harry 's two-year-old brother , Sam , has been \" impeccably behaved \" . \" It 's hard him . It 's the first time he 's been away his mother as long this and he obviously misses Harry , we all do . \" She added : \" It 's brilliant the support ( the family have ) had and the support we 've had grandparents . \" The whole family 's pulled together and they have a wonderful lot friends . \"", "Alice Pyne , 17 , Ulverston , died Hodgkin 's lymphoma 2013 publishing her wish list . Haley McTaggart , 33 , admitted getting her charity Alice 's Escapes to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,000 her to go a trek Mount Kilimanjaro Tanzania . McTaggart admitted fraud and was jailed 10 months suspended two years . The court also heard how McTaggart sold raffle tickets a false raffle and never handed the money . She also told the charity she was unable to transfer money the trip Tanzania . Sentencing McTaggart , Recorder John Corless said she had committed an \" unpleasant and serious \" offence . Alice 's Escapes was founded 2012 Miss Payne who 16 the time . The teenager wanted to provide holidays Cumbria seriously ill children and their families . The top item her bucket list was the hope everyone the UK would sign a bone marrow donor , an aspiration which Prime Minister David Cameron praised the House Commons . It is estimated about 40,000 people signed donors a direct result her appeal . Miss Pyne and her sister Milly raised more \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 .", "America Luke Richardson sent about 4,000 messages a 14-year-old girl Essex and met her a hotel , Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said . The 22-year-old had previously been dismissed the force he stole uniform and visited schools authorisation . Richardson , Salford , was sentenced Manchester Crown Court . He was also given a sexual harm prevention order and will be the sex offenders' register life . He admitted six counts sexual activity a child , one grooming and one taking indecent photographs a child . GMP suspended Richardson January 2014 finding he had \" used his role inappropriately \" entering a school authorisation an independent patrol . But , removing his uniform and warrant card him , Richardson was again found to have gone a sixth form college wearing police uniform . searching his home , officers found a large quantity police uniform the value \u00c2 \u00a3 970 and arrested him suspicion theft . Subsequent allegations inappropriate contact children prompted a new investigation September 2015 . Richardson 's confiscated phone and computer revealed 4,000 messages had been sent a 14-year-old girl Essex . She revealed they had met a hotel booked Richardson . He was then charged a number sexual offences and remanded custody being formally dismissed April . Supt Mark Kenny said : \" I am pleased America Luke Richardson is now the streets and unable to harm any more young girls . \" We are continuing to investigate the possibility Richardson may have more victims and we are appealing anyone who may have been approached inappropriately him online , or person , to come and speak police . \"", "The company said the agreement included a guarantee a conductor would be retained the second member staff board new trains being rolled next year . The dispute led several days strikes the summer . Further industrial action was suspended earlier this month more talks . ScotRail said the RMT would now present the proposal its members a company-wide vote . The company said discussions had also taken place Aslef , the train drivers' union , and a similar in-principle agreement reached . The RMT said it would make its position clear the proposed deal has been discussed its national executive Tuesday . ScotRail Alliance managing director Phil Verster said : \" I am pleased we have reached an in-principle agreement the RMT and Aslef unions that , formally agreed , will bring this dispute an end . \" This will end the uncertainty our people and our customers , and will allow us to concentrate delivering the best possible service Scotland , every single day . \" What we have put our proposal will make our service more efficient and more effective maintaining and enhancing the service we provide our customers . \" It means the new faster , longer , greener trains that will arrive autumn next year really will be a revolution how we deliver our service . \" An RMT spokesman said : \" long hard hours the negotiating table , and a sustained period determined and solid industrial action involving our members , RMT 's team will be reporting back the unions executive tomorrow where the details will be considered full . \" A further statement will be issued the union that executive meeting . \"", "The humpback has been seen Pettycur Bay , Kinghorn Fife . Humpback sightings are not uncommon Scotland , but a large whale so far the Forth estuary is a lot more unusual . Police Scotland is warning boat owners to keep a safe distance the whale . Lindsay Kerr , Police Scotland wildlife liaison officer , said : \" This is a fantastic opportunity wildlife watchers and marine tourism but it is essential the health and well-being the animals is considered all times . \" The Forth estuary is subject large tidal changes and any disturbance the visiting whale could cause significant risk it becoming distressed and moving further shallow water and then becoming stranded a rapidly outgoing tide . \" Legislation is place to protect these marine mammals . Please enjoy this wonderful occurrence but do show respect the whales and be aware the protection afforded them . \" I recommend boat and vessel owners follow the Wildlife Safe ( WiSe ) scheme . this particular case , commercial and recreational users should not make any attempts to approach or actively pursue the whale . \" The scheme , which is a UK standard commercial marine wildlife watching , includes a code conduct and sets best practice wildlife watching . \" Endangered species such dolphins , porpoises and whales are protected wildlife legislation including the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 . the Act , it is an offence to intentionally or recklessly disturb them .", "Panthers kept their title hopes and closed the gap leaders Devils four points . Two goals Matthew Myers put Panthers control Joey Martin replied . Franklin MacDonald , Geoff Waugh and Evan Mosey 's two goals secured the win . The sides meet again the Challenge Cup final the Sheffield Arena Sunday .", "Williams was the first black woman to be named Miss America 1983 but resigned a magazine published nude photos her her consent . \" I want to apologise anything that was said or done ,\" said Miss America CEO Sam Haskell . A tearful Williams called the statement \" unexpected \" and \" beautiful \" . Now 52 , she has forged a career an actress , major roles Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives . She also scored a global hit 1992 the ballad Save the Best Last ; and her recording Colors the Wind Disney 's Pocahontas soundtrack earned her a Golden Globe , a Grammy and an Oscar best original song . The New Yorker won Miss America September 1983 but , months later , the pageant 's executive committee voted unanimously to request she resign Penthouse magazine published naked photographs she had posed several years earlier , Williams remains the only title-holder who was asked to resign the pageant 's history . She was invited back the competition this year Chairman Sam Haskell , who asked her to serve head judge . the competition started , he invited her stage to receive the apology . \" I have been a close friend this beautiful and talented lady 32 years ,\" he told the audience . \" You have lived your life grace and dignity , and never was it more evident the events 1984 when you resigned . \" none us currently the organization were involved then , behalf today 's organization , I want to apologize you and your mother , Miss Helen Williams . \" He continued : \" I want to apologize anything that was said or done that made you feel any less the Miss America you are and the Miss America you always will be . \" The audience gave Williams a standing ovation and TV coverage showed her mother the verge tears . \" Thank you so much , Sam , so unexpected but so beautiful ,\" said the actress . \" I did the best that I could Miss America 1983 84 ,\" she said . \" behalf my family , my mother particular ; [ publicist ] Brian Edwards , who orchestrated this entire thing to bring me back ; and your leadership , your integrity and you bringing this pageant back what it ought to be . I love you . I love the girls . And I 'm so honoured to be back . \" Williams then returned her seat and helped select the new Miss America - 21-year-old Betty Cantrell Georgia .", "The decommissioned Type 22 frigates HMS Cumberland , HMS Campbeltown , HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are currently moored Portsmouth Harbour . Bidders had 23 January to register an interest the former Devonport-based ships . The BBC understands no proposals to preserve the ships have been submitted . Those who have registered an interest are finalising their bids viewings set to take place late February and March . A final decision is not expected the spring . The government 's Disposal Services Authority , which is handling the sale , wants to award at least one the frigates a UK ship recycler to determine the capacity the UK 's industry the field . Penny Mordaunt , Conservative MP Portsmouth North , said it was important UK recyclers had the chance to prove themselves the field but she was also keen to see least one them saved the scrapyard . She added : \" anyone that has served a ship it 's your home , you 've literally been the wars it ... and you want them to have a noble second life . \" My preference is to go the reef and diving attraction . \" We 've got to get best value the budget but a reef would also generate income part the country tourism . \" The Ministry Defence has previously said it will \" consider all options \" the frigates to ensure \" best financial return the taxpayer \" . A spokeswoman would not comment the number or nature the bids received \" commercial sensitivity \" . Originally designed a specialist anti-submarine ship , the Type 22 frigate evolved a powerful surface combatant substantial anti-surface , anti-submarine and anti-aircraft weapons systems . They were also known having excellent command and control , and communication facilities , making them ideal flagships deployments , a complement about 280 crew . Last year , the aircraft carrier HMS Ark Royal was sold scrap \u00c2 \u00a3 3m .", "Scottish Hydro-Electric Transmission Ltd , a division energy giant SSE , submitted the \" needs case \" part the planning process the cable . assessing the case , energy regulator Ofgem has asked further details to be submitted . The project has been hit delays and a rise costs an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 780m . Islands local authority , Comhairle nan Eilean Siar , has said major renewable energy projects planned the isles cannot go ahead the cable . The interconnector would export electricity the mainland distribution . It would stretch about 50 miles ( 80km ) Gravir Lewis Ullapool the north-west coast mainland Scotland . The Scottish government has been involved talks the project . A spokesperson said : \" This is a matter SSE and Ofgem , but we would encourage the company and regulator to move swiftly to resolve this issue . \" Improved grid connections will enable the huge renewable energy resources Scotland 's islands to create jobs - 3,500 jobs the Western Isles , almost 2,900 the Shetlands and 4,500 the Orkney Islands 2030 . The spokesperson added : \" SSE put a business case the Western Isles link the electricity regulator Ofgem 14 June , and today Ofgem have responded setting the detailed further information they require . \"", "Mr Gustafsson , 42 , is being flown back Sweden Africa , Sweden 's Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr\u00f6m said a statement Monday . He was seized al-Qaeda the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) two other men , one whom was freed a dawn raid 2015 . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m said Mr Gustafsson was \" good spirits \" , local media report . \" It is great pleasure I can announce Johan Gustafsson has been released ,\" Ms Wallstr\u00f6m added . She said the Swede 's release was thanks \" extensive efforts \" and co-operation the Swedish foreign ministry , police and \" foreign authorities \" . Ms Wallstr\u00f6m said she had spoken Mr Gustafsson , who she described being \" happy \" and \" overwhelmed \" Monday 's events . \" I cannot say more the current time ,\" she added . Sweden 's former Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said Mr Gustafsson 's kidnapping weighed heavily his mind his time the role , which ended 2014 . He tweeted Monday : \" Extremely gratifying Johan Gustafsson is free . No single case concerned me more foreign minister . \" Mr Gustafsson was kidnapped South African Stephen McGown and Dutchman Sjaak Rijke . Mr Rijke was freed French special forces April 2015 he was discovered chance a dawn raid northern Mali . AQIM took a number Western hostages the French military deployed its forces January 2013 . a separate incident December 2014 , French hostage Serge Lazarevic was freed a prisoner swap .", "The study a number Welsh universities showed under-15s were five times more likely to need hospital care non-diabetic children . Academics said treating the condition was complex and \" poor management \" can lead medical emergencies . The Welsh government is working to improve the situation . Type 1 diabetes is where the pancreas does not produce any insulin and it is more common childhood type 2 , according the NHS Choices website . Experts Cardiff University , Swansea University , the University Bristol , Bangor University and Cardiff 's University Hospital Wales looked the data 95 % all young people Wales type 1 diabetes . They said money should be spent improving ongoing care diagnosed cases rising 3-4 % a year . Prof Reinhard Holl , paediatric diabetologist the University Ulm , Germany , said : \" Hospitalisation keeps children school and away their families and friends . \" addition , costs the health care system are high , money which should be invested to improve continuous outpatient management and family support those affected . \" The Welsh government helped to fund the research , which studied 1,577 Welsh children the condition . It has launched a strategy , Together Health - a Diabetes Action Plan , to improve health care . \" We have prioritised children 's services our diabetes delivery plan , and established an all Wales paediatric diabetes network , all 14 centres can share the latest research and ensure they all deliver the same high quality care ,\" a spokesperson added . Ten-year-old Molly , Wrexham , was diagnosed Type 1 diabetes six months ago and then she has become more anxious , according her mother . Malissa , 35 , said her daughter was now less carefree . She said : \" Molly does n't enjoy having her insulin injections and would gladly wish her condition away . \" She felt embarrassed first and still feels different , especially when other kids have bigger snacks her . \" Asked she was worried her daughter having to go hospital , she said \" all the time \" . \" I know it 's more a possibility now - it 's every parent 's worse nightmare ,\" she added .", "David Vallenilla 's 22-year-old son , also called David , was shot military police Thursday . Mr Vallenilla says he once worked the president Caracas' transport system , and called his \" former colleague \" to clear his son 's name . The president has said firearms must not be used protesters . \" I want to speak my former colleague the Caracas Metro ,\" Mr Vallenilla told a group reporters the morgue . \" Nicol\u00e1s Maduro , you know we worked together , I 'm Supervisor Vallenilla . \" He said he used to be Mr Maduro 's boss , the past working relationship them has not yet been confirmed . President Maduro is a former bus driver , who got involved trade unions and then national politics , becoming president 2013 his predecessor Hugo Chavez died . \" Please , Nicol\u00e1s , my friend ,\" Mr Vallenilla said tears streaming his face , calling the leader to make it clear his only son \" was not a criminal , he was a graduating student \" . \" You met him when he was little ,\" he added . Earlier the week , Fabi\u00e1n Urbina , 17 , was also shot and killed security forces and demonstrators clashed Caracas . There have been almost daily anti-government protests Venezuela two months the country 's economic and political crisis has worsened . More 70 people have been killed protest-related violence 1 April , according figures released the chief prosecutor 's office . Thursday , Interior Minister N\u00e9stor Reverol tweeted to confirm the death a protester and said a police sergeant had fired an \" unauthorised weapon \" . President Maduro , a press conference the same day , said : \" I am giving the clear order you can not use firearms . I am giving the clear order you can never shoot a demonstration , any conditions . \" A group demonstrators returned Friday the place where Mr Vallenilla was killed , and set some trucks fire . Also Friday , supporters jailed opposition leader Leopoldo L\u00f3pez released footage that they say captures his cries a military prison the outskirts Caracas . \" Lilian !\" he calls his wife . \" They are torturing me ! \" a press conference earlier the same day , Lilian Tintori said she has not been able to see him 19 days and his lawyers have been denied access 78 days . News site Ultimas Noticias has responded publishing photos the politician , which they say are Friday and show him to be \" fine \" . L\u00f3pez is three years a 14-year sentence inciting violence anti-government protests 2014 .", "Anthony McIntyre conducted a series interviews former IRA members , the understanding the contents would not be made public their deaths . Boston College has been issued a subpoena instructing it to hand the material 6 May . Mr McIntyre said he had engaged a lawyer to \" resist the efforts to raid his personal memoirs \" . Dozens loyalists and republicans provided testimonies Boston College staff compiling an oral history the Northern Ireland conflict . What are the ' Boston tapes ' ? Dozens former paramilitaries were interviewed Belfast and other cities and towns 2001-2006 part an oral history project known the Belfast Project . Details internal politics and activities the IRA were revealed tape , including accounts a hunger strike prison the 1980s . Overall , the project cost about $ 200,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 118,520 ) , mostly provided an Irish-American businessman . Each interview was transcribed , sent encrypted email New York and then the material was sent Boston College , where it was placed lock and key Burns Library . Following a lengthy legal battle the college , the Police Service Northern Ireland gained access a small number the interviews 2013 . Interviews were given the understanding tapes would not be made public their deaths . Detectives want to access the recordings part their investigations murder and other paramilitary crimes the 1970s 1990s . June last year , police were given access interviews given former loyalist prisoner Winston Rea . It followed a decision senior judges Belfast to lift an injunction the PSNI taking possession Mr Rea 's recorded account Boston College researchers . 2013 , detectives investigating the abduction and murder Belfast mother-of-10 Jean McConville 1972 secured the transcripts former IRA woman Dolours Price 's account . That material was handed following court battles both sides the Atlantic .", "The exotic pet , which is 12 months old , has a vulnerable shell and the shop appealed information Facebook , saying it was concerned its \" specific care requirements \" . The animal was taken Lathom Pets and Aquatics Ormskirk Tuesday afternoon , Lancashire Police said . The shop 's owner said CCTV showed a man taking the tortoise - which needs calcium supplements - the tank . Four people had entered the pet shop together , co-owner Catherine Broxholme said . \" I was serving , chatting the group and getting change the till a woman I was serving . The tortoise tank is just a few feet away the till . We only have five tortoises and when I checked later there were only four . \" CCTV footage confirmed a man had taken the tortoise , she said . Ms Broxholme said she was concerned the exotic pet 's welfare , adding : \" They have specific care needs . We are a welfare-oriented pet shop , making sure the pets go good homes . \" The tortoise is about 12 months old and its shell is still vulnerable and it needs calcium supplements . We just want to get the tortoise back safe . \" Police said the tortoise was valued \u00c2 \u00a3 120 .", "It is the third confirmed diagnosis the H5N8 strain avian flu Lincolnshire about four weeks . Some the birds the undisclosed premises Lincolnshire have died . The rest are due to be culled . Defra said an investigation was \" way to determine the source the infection \" . A 1.8-mile ( 3km ) protection zone and a six-mile ( 10km ) surveillance area have been set the turkey rearing farm to reduce the risk the disease spreading . An outbreak the virus a flock about 6,000 turkeys Low Farm , Fulstow , Louth , was \" unlikely to be directly linked the previous case \" the nearby Austen Fen Farm , Defra had said . All restrictions were removed Austen Fen Farm 18 January but still remain Low Farm an inquiry there continues . This latest case Boston comes two days bird flu was found pheasants that were being bred a farm Wyre , Lancashire . The same strain has been discovered birds Settle , North Yorkshire , a swannery Dorset and flocks Carmarthenshire , south west Wales . December , the government introduced an avian influenza prevention zone , which lasts 28 February , to help protect poultry and captive birds avian flu the strain was found 14 European countries including Germany and France .", "The UNHCR said forced returns had \" continued unabated \" an agreement earlier this month . the deal , any returns would be voluntary and only \" when conditions were conducive \" . Cameroon has rejected the accusation and said people returned willingly . According the UNHCR , more 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned Nigeria Cameroon this year . Many are unable to go back their villages Borno state security reasons and have ended camps displaced people . some cases , the UNHCR said , people had been returned \" allowing them time to collect their belongings \" . UNHCR spokesman Babar Baloch spoke \" chaos \" the returns process and said \" some women were forced to leave their young children behind Cameroon , including a child less three years old \" . Many the returnees are now settled the Banki camp internally displaced people . UNHCR staff also recorded about 17 people who claimed to be Cameroonian nationals , who it said had been deported mistake Banki . It is common the region to find people who have no documentary proof their nationality . Cameroonian Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma told the BBC 's Focus Africa programme : \" I strongly deny this accusation \" forced returns . He said the Cameroonian army had been working \" hand-in-hand \" the Nigerian army Boko Haram and any civilians who had returned Nigeria had done so their own accord . \" This repatriation has taken place willingly ,\" he said . The Cameroonian authorities have previously said Boko Haram militants have been entering the country disguised refugees . Militants have carried a number attacks northern Cameroon recent years , often using suicide bombers . The UNHCR said forced return constitutes a serious violation the 1951 Refugee Convention and the 1969 OAU Convention , both which Cameroon has ratified . It called Cameroon to honour its obligations the conventions and continue keeping its borders open to allow access territory and asylum procedures people fleeing the Islamist insurgency .", "Annie Woodland , 24 , who lived Essex , suffered brain damage the incident Gloucester Park Pool Basildon . A teacher and a pool life guard both failed to realise she was trouble . The family has successfully sued Essex County Council who said it did not comment individual cases but had noted the High Court judgement . The tragedy happened July 2000 when Ms Woodland was a pupil Whitmore Primary School Basildon . an earlier hearing , judges ruled a victory the county council would risk a \" chilling effect \" the willingness schools to take pupils educational trips . A Supreme Court judgement 2013 overturned this ruling and opened the way a High Court hearing . Mr Justice Blake has now ruled lifeguard Debbie Maxwell and swimming teacher Paula Burlinson should have noticed Ms Woodland was drowning sooner they did . He concluded Essex County Council was liable their negligence neither woman was employed directly the council . Ms Burlinson 's failure to notice Annie distress \" fell far the standard care reasonably to be expected a teacher \" , he said . Ms Maxwell was also negligent \" she was not paying sufficient attention users the water \" . The amount compensation Ms Woodland , who now lives Blackpool , will be assessed a later date . A spokesman said : \" Essex County Council notes the judgement Mr Justice Blake following a trial liability . \" The authority cannot comment specifically individual cases and it would be inappropriate to comment further therefore respect this claim . \"", "The UN has said media restrictions and violence meant the environment was not conducive free , credible elections . Unrest started April President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would run a third term - something protesters say is illegal . The president says he is entitled a third term he was appointed his first term , not elected . The presidential election is scheduled 15 July . East African leaders have called a further two-week delay . Africa news highlights : 7 July The electoral commission spokesman told the BBC turnout the parliamentary poll had been low the districts Bujumbura where there had been protests , but some provinces the capital it was as high 98 % . The ruling party - the CNDD FDD - was ahead every province the country , Burundi 's electoral commission announced . They won 77 100 elected seats parliament , AFP news agency says . The BBC 's Maud Jullien says all the country 's private broadcasters have closed recent months , and many civil society leaders have left the country claiming their lives were threat . least 70 died and 150,000 people have fled the country . Reporting a coup and a crisis ... using a music-sharing site 10.4m population 50 years - life expectancy a man 2nd poorest country the world 85 % are Hutu , 14 % Tutsi 300,000 died civil war", "A judge had made the request efforts to get them \" political channels \" had failed , the lawyer said . France , the former colonial power , has not yet commented the request . Mr Sankara 's widow and supporters have repeatedly accused France masterminding his 1987 killing he was a Marxist revolutionary . He was killed soldiers a hail bullets shortly a meeting his cabinet Burkina Faso 's capital , Ouagadougou . Mr Sankara 's assassination led his second-in-command , Blaise Compaore , seizing power a coup . Mr Compaore steered Burkina Faso a strong alliance France , which retains close political , security and economic ties many its former colonies Africa . Burkina Faso opened an investigation the killing he was ousted power 2014 . Speaking a press conference Ouagadougou , the family lawyer , Benewende Stanislas Sankara , said an investigating judge had formally asked French authorities to declassify military documents to see France had played a role the assassination . A request had also been made to interview French officials who were involved Burkina Faso 's affairs the time , the lawyer added . Burkina Faso issued an arrest warrant Mr Compaore 2015 , accusing him involvement Mr Sankara 's killing . He has repeatedly denied the allegation , but has refused to return Burkina Faso to stand trial . Mr Compaore is exiled Ivory Coast , also a former French colony .", "People had gathered the bridge to watch emergency services rescue a man who had jumped the Sanvordem river Curchorem . Local media reported more 50 people were the bridge when it collapsed late Thursday evening . The bridge was reportedly more 60 years old and was banned use . A local police officer told the Hindustan Times more people were likely to be \" trapped the collapsed bridge \" . Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he was also monitoring the rescue operation . South Goa MP Narendra Sawaikar told the Goa Herald newspaper \" it was an unfortunate tragedy \" . \" The bridge must be demolished the government had notified it a dangerous bridge and notices were placed both the side the bridge not to use it . \" Right now the priority is to recover the bodies ,\" he added .", "The city also ranks second a list Britain 's most congested cities , Glasgow is third . Only London ranked worse Scotland 's largest cities the survey the UK 's roads Inrix Roadway Analytics . It found the jams could cost drivers Scotland \u00a3 5.1bn wasted time the next decade . The firm studied traffic hotspots 21 UK cities September 2016 . It assessed the impact the congestion looking the average duration traffic jams , their average length and the number times they occurred . The research found the impact Edinburgh 's 455 traffic hotspots was second only London and was likely to cost drivers \u00a3 2.8bn 2025 . Glasgow was ranked third the same list - worse Birmingham , Manchester and Bristol . It 's 357 hotspots could cost \u00a3 2.3bn the next 10 years , Inrix said . Researchers calculated the time wasted drivers traffic jams the UK could cost \u00a3 61.8bn 2025 congestion levels are not reduced . And their survey 123 cities Europe , London was found to have more traffic \" pinch points \" any other city . It also ranked worst an assessment the impact its traffic jams . Rome was second and Paris was third . Inrix chief economist Graham Cookson said : \" Only identifying traffic hotspots and analysing their root causes can we effectively combat congestion . \"", "John Kane filmed more 60 women the Central Retail Park and a nearby supermarket last July . The 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing a nearby Next store . Kane was placed the sex offenders register ahead sentencing 30 March Falkirk Sheriff Court . Prosecutor Ann Orr told the court Kane tried to flush a memory card the toilet a police station being arrested drink driving . The memory card contained 60 short videos , lasting 50 seconds and three minutes . Mrs Orr said : \" The recordings appeared to be adult females various shops the Central Retail Park . \" The camera operator has the camera positioned to show the females the waist down , focusing their bare legs and zooming their bottoms . \" The depute fiscal said the memory card also contained three slightly-longer videos showing children aged six and 12 playing . Mrs Orr said : \" One child is doing cartwheels , and the camera zooms the crotch area . \" Mrs Orr said the camera operator 's distinctive cream , leather-toecapped trainers and khaki shorts were shot many the videos . She said Police Scotland received an anonymous phone call someone who expressed \" concern \" Kane 's behaviour . A search warrant was obtained his home , and the khaki shorts and distinctive trainers were found a bag his spare bedroom . Kane told police he \" had a drink him \" the time the videos were filmed . Asked what he had done aroused him , he said : \" It did the time , but afterwards I felt ashamed it . \" Kane , Falkirk , admitted operating a recording device to obtain footage women and children a public place their knowledge and consent 15 July and 22 July last year . Sheriff Derek Livingston deferred sentence a risk assessment and released Kane bail .", "It follows the discovery 115 people locked three small houses Edinburg , close the Mexican border . Police were alerted a call made one the houses . The property was found to have padlocks and chains the outside . People found inside said they had not had any food or water three days , and some required hospital treatment . Oscar Trevino , an Edinburg police spokesman , told the BBC it was clear the people the properties were being held their will . \" There was no way that they could leave the doors were secured burglar bars and were locked the outside . \" He said officers had to use bolt cutters to free those inside . The imprisoned people came several different countries south and central America . One man told officers they had been driven the houses the Rio Grande river , which marks the border Texas and Mexico . He said they had been threatened death they did not remain quiet .", "The Perth club has suspended the team-mates pending a club investigation . Wright told BBC Scotland \" what 's alleged \" to have occurred did fact happen \" we 'll come down severely hard both \" . Referee Don Robertson sent both players the break . Wright , whose side confirmed their top six place results elsewhere , says he did not see the incident he had already started walking the tunnel following the half time whistle . BBC Scotland reporter Jonathan Sutherland saw Foster throw a punch Swanson , who retaliated aiming a kick the defender he had slipped . \" I have n't seen it my own eyes but obviously something happened ,\" said Wright . \" I 'm going to wait and see myself . The players have been told they let themselves , and let the team . We should be celebrating confirming our top six place tonight . \" no circumstance will they get lightly what is alleged to have happened has happened . The hardest punishment I can do legally them , I 'll do it . \" Media playback is not supported this device Wright was angry the incident left his side it the second half , and the shine was taken the Saints confirming a top six berth . \" It 's another great achievement getting the top six ,\" he added . \" We showed a lot character and should have had a penalty . ( Georgios ) Sarris has got arms all Murray Davidson and that should have been a penalty kick . \" The boys were magnificent and probably deserved a point but they did n't get it . \" Hamilton player Ali Crawford was shown a yellow card and assistant manager Guillaume Beuzelin sent the stand becoming involved the chaotic scenes that followed the incident Foster and Swanson . However , manager Martin Canning told BBC Scotland : \" I would rather be talking us . It is not something you want to see , but it is a passionate game and sometimes it spills . \" My players acted well . I think Darian MacKinnon was just trying to separate them and calm things . \" I do n't think I have to take any action my players . \" Hamilton moved bottom spot the table thanks the win , sealed a late Alex D'Acol goal . They are 11th 27 points , two clear bottom club Inverness Caledonian Thistle . \" 11 11 the first half , I thought we were excellent and we kept going and got a huge three points ,\" Canning added .", "6 December 2014 Last updated 09:15 GMT The Grammy Awards is one the most prestigious music ceremony 's the world . Sam Smith , who topped the BBC 's Sound 2014 January , has six nominations including best new artist . His single Stay Me is also up best pop performance and record the year .", "Eid al-Fitr means : ' festival the breaking the fast ' and it is one the biggest celebrations the Islamic year . The date Eid falls on is decided the cycle the moon , and this year it 's Sunday evening . the day Eid al-Fitr , Ramadan ends and Muslims often celebrate praying , giving gifts and having a big feast family and friends . Thank you your comments - this page is now closed . I am going my cousin 's and enjoying Eid lovely clothes and tasty food ! Amaya , 10 , Bucks We are going our friends house and having a nice dinner ! Emilia , 10 , Braknell I will be going my family and friends house to celebrate Eid , it will be so fun , and I will be wearing a lovely dress . Husna , 9 , Derby I 'm going to visit my family and friends where we 're going to have an eid party and eat lots delicious food ! Amna , 12 , Burnley I am celebrating Eid my Family and including my Granny and Grandad I am going to eat yummy food a play my cousins ! - I wish everyone a Happy Eid ! Eid Mubarak ! Abdul-Rafay , 10 , London Aslam Alaikum ! Eid I am going to go and spend time my family . Anayah , 6 , London I 'm spending my time my family and I ca n't wait to eat all the food that has been prepared me . Zainab , 10 , London Eid Mubarak ! Eid is such a wonderful festival muslims and everyone else and today me and my family will be celebrating our relatives and we will be eating lots yummy asian food . Nayim , 11 , London On Eid I am going my family , I making a lot money and it is going to be really fun . Aisha , 12 , London Eid Mubarak ! We are celebrating Eid all our family dressing our lovely clothes and eating lots yummy food ! Aneesa , 8 , Stockport My family and I are going to go my cousins' houses , where will give presents and receive some , we are going to eat asian food . I ca n't wait ! ! Tasnim , 11 , London I am celebrating my Daddima . I am not sure what I 'll be eating but I will be happy celebrating my Daddy and the rest my family . Lana , 6 , Kent", "Officers were called Lowe Street Whitmore Reans , Wolverhampton 17:00 GMT Thursday when a 17-year-old boy was found stab wounds . Several minutes later a second call was made police when a shotgun was fired twice nearby Deveron Close . West Midlands Police believe the men , who have now been bailed , were linked both incidents . The teenager remains hospital a stable condition , police said . DCI Chris Hanson said : \" We believe both these offences were linked and were the result a dispute two groups . \" The shooting happened following an argument a group and a lone man a gun . \"", "Vikki Thompson , 21 , was found dead her cell HMP Leeds 2015 a ligature her neck . Robert Steele told the hearing Wakefield Miss Thompson wrote him prison saying : \" I know I 'm going to do something silly . \" Giving evidence he said : \" I believe she should n't have been a male prison . \" More stories Yorkshire The jury inquest was also told Miss Thompson , Keighley , had repeatedly told prison and court escort staff she would be \" carried a box \" . Mr Steele said he spoke her the phone she was prison and she told him she wanted to move a women 's prison that and her solicitors were waiting her to make a formal application the governor . Mr Steele also said he received a letter his partner which said : \" I do n't think I can last very long here . I ca n't sleep night . I just feel I wo n't be here no more . \" I know I 'm going to do something silly . I do n't want to but I ca n't do this . \" But , a statement read the court , Miss Thompson 's mother Lisa Harrison said her daughter did not say she had a problem being a men 's prison . \" Vikki did n't like prison but who does ? \" Ms Harrison said . \" She never said anything me it being the wrong prison her . \" The inquest heard Miss Thompson had identified female she was 10 years old but had never had any surgical or hormone treatment . She did not have a Gender Recognition Certificate establishing her female identity she was sent a men 's prison . Coroner Jonathan Leach said the inquest would examine a number issues including the suitability the \" prison accommodation \" . The jury was told an extensive risk assessment process Miss Thompson was initially put E-Wing rather A-Wing , where vulnerable prisoners were housed , and placed a one-hour suicide watch . Mr Leach said this decision was taken it was thought she might be more risk A-Wing the number sex offenders there . He said she was later allowed to move A-Wing but was taunted men the segregation block below . The inquest heard the day she died Miss Thompson had been seen watching TV 19:00 GMT but 20:00 she was spotted the floor the ligature her neck and the alarm was raised . The inquest , which is expected to last three weeks , continues", "Accountant Bankruptcy ( AiB ) reported 2,405 insolvencies April and June - 7.8 % up the previous quarter . There were 1,144 bankruptcies , which was up 14.7 % the previous quarter and 51.1 % more a year ago . However , AiB said the figures showed a \" return trend \" . A year ago , the number personal insolvencies Scotland fell its lowest level more 14 years following the introduction the Bankruptcy and Debt Advice ( Scotland ) Act . The legislation introduced new measures such mandatory money advice people seeking access statutory debt relief solutions such sequestration . the latest bankruptcy figures were sharply up a year ago , they were 41.7 % lower the same quarter 2013-14 and 34.9 % lower 2014-15 . Personal insolvencies include both bankruptcies and protected trust deeds ( PTDs ) . The number PTDs recorded April and June remained largely stable 1,261 , a 2.1 % increase the previous quarter . New debt payment programmes approved the Debt Arrangement Scheme ( DAS ) fell slightly 5.2 % the previous quarter , 510 . Quarterly figures bankruptcies and PTDs 2005-06 : Business Minister Paul Wheelhouse said : \" These figures indicate people are becoming more accustomed the new insolvency legislation and processes . \" We are now seeing the numbers settling a more regular pattern following the significant , and expected , drop the introduction the new laws . \" Compared the same quarter two years ago , prior these changes , the number people falling insolvency today is down more a third . \" This shows those most need can access the debt relief they require to help them the road a fresh financial start - but also the long term movement is a downward one . \" Eileen Blackburn , insolvency trade body R3 , said : \" This quarterly rise , driven mostly an increase bankruptcies , bucks the wider downward trend Scottish personal insolvencies we 've seen past years . \" The number insolvencies have been falling steadily their peak 2012 , and this quarter represents a return more stable levels . \" The rise is probably less do the EU referendum result , which only happened the very end the quarter , and more to do ongoing difficulties the Scottish economy and the end the financial year March . \"", "One the 11 children described how the trailer went \" really fast the hill \" the farm Nottinghamshire it \" launched us \" . Two members teaching staff Halam Primary and a farmer were also injured the accident 11 March . The acting head teacher the school has apologised . One the children , Ben , said he was frightened and the other children were crying . \" The trailer gone really fast the hill and it gone sideways and it launched us ,\" said Ben . When asked how it made him feel , Ben said : \" It feels sad . \" Ben 's mother , Sheree Cockayne , said he has been struggling to sleep it happened and has been having nightmares and flashbacks . Mrs Cockayne , who was told the accident a school nurse , said : \" I rushed the QMC ( Queen 's Medical Centre ) and Ben was brought . He had blood all his face . \" He just laid there really shocked . He had to stay [ hospital ] overnight observation every four hours he had concussion and felt really sick . \" He 's still got bruises his head , his ribs and his chest , he still has a few pains . \" Nottinghamshire County Council said another child was discharged hospital a check-up and one was brought hospital later the day a scan , then released . A teaching assistant sustained a broken wrist , a teaching student sustained a head wound requiring stitches and the farmer , who was also the trailer , dislocated his shoulder . The assistant will be work four weeks . The children were a trip Hills Farm Edingley and the accident happened Carver 's Hollow . Nottinghamshire Police is investigating the incident , rather then the Health and Safety Executive , the area where it happened is a highway . The force has asked anyone information to contact them . Hills Farm Edingley , where it happened , said it would not comment an investigation is ongoing . The school 's acting head teacher , Paul Nolan , said : \" We are very sorry this unfortunate incident happened and we wish the children and adults who were injured a speedy recovery . \" This incident has affected the whole community and everyone is supporting each other a result . \" Marion Clay , the council 's acting service director education standards , said : \" This is an established trip reception pupils and as far we know this time all the appropriate procedures were carried . \"", "Tens thousands pilgrims joined him the Way the Cross ceremony , recalling Jesus' crucifixion . the cross bearers were Syrian and Iraqi refugees , and Nigerians who had escaped Boko Haram persecution . The service came a day almost 150 people were killed an al-Shabab attack a Kenyan university . \" We still see today our persecuted brothers , decapitated and crucified their faith you [ Jesus ] , our eyes and often our complicit silence ,\" Pope Francis said , presiding the ceremony the Colosseum . Earlier , he condemned the attack Kenya , where Christians were singled and shot , an act \" senseless brutality \" . another Good Friday ceremony , Pope Francis listened the Vatican 's official preacher Raniero Cantalamessa denounced the \" disturbing indifference world institutions the face all this killing Christians \" . He too mentioned the Kenya attack , as well the beheading 22 Egyptian Coptic Christians Islamic State ( IS ) militants Libya February . Pope Francis has spoken the persecution Christians before , saying the world would be justified using military force to combat the \" unjust aggression \" IS .", "President Evo Morales has announced a contingency plan , which includes $ 700,000 extra funds fumigation . The swarm first appeared a week ago the low-lying eastern city Santa Cruz , where most Bolivia 's food and meat is produced . It has spread quickly , destroying pasture and fields corn and sorghum . The authorities estimate more 1,000 hectares agricultural land have been devastated the locusts . The government says fumigation must begin straight away . \" We will create a 500-metre-wide ring the area affected and fumigate inside , working the local authorities ,\" said Bolivia 's Agriculture Secretary , Mauricio Ordonez . Mr Morales is due to visit Santa Cruz province Friday .", "Sir Gareth attended a ceremony Windsor Castle Thursday , being named the Queen 's Birthday Honours list June . The 68-year-old former scrum half won 53 caps Wales 1967 1978 . He also won 10 caps the British Lions' winning series New Zealand and South Africa . 20 he became Wales 's youngest captain , and his era the Welsh side dominated the Five Nations Championship Originally Gwaun-Cae-Gurwen the Swansea Valley , Edwards spent his playing career Cardiff RFC . 1974 Edwards was named BBC Wales Sports Personality the year . his retirement 1978 , he became Captain the popular sports quiz , Question Sport . He now works a pundit both the BBC and S4C . He is married his childhood sweetheart Maureen and they have two sons , Owen and Rhys .", "The second defeat four games leaves Gordon Strachan 's men fifth Group F and the manager facing further questions his future . Former Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives his marks 10 the display . No chance goals but had little else to do other pick the ball his net . A surprise choice but the Derby winger defended well considering he was n't his natural position . Scotland 's best player the night a long absence the international scene . Offered a real threat going forward and worked tirelessly . Played better Slovakia and unlucky first goal making a good block . Wasted a great chance to equalise , failing to hit the target a free header . Given a rare start and did well to keep England 's danger men quiet large periods . The captain 's desire and work rate are never question but he was loose possession too often . Back his short-lived international retirement but how long ? The Celtic captain gave the midfield energy and aggression expected . Largely ineffectual . Did n't get the ball enough to make a positive impact . Again , a surprise inclusion given his lack game time West Brom . Missed a glorious opportunity to level the game early the second half , dragging a shot wide the penalty spot . Another player guilty giving the ball away too often . Provided some threatening set-pieces . Really should have scored not long Forrest 's miss when he had a good sight goal . Led the line well positive energy the first half . However , made a poor decision not to play Snodgrass a good counter-attack . Tired the second half Scotland meekly surrendered . The game was over when he came , very difficult to make an impression . the injured Anya . Not given much to do England were content to keep the ball and did n't pose much a threat . Too late to make an impact .", "The Royal Zoological Society Scotland ( RZSS ) has placed male bear Arktos female Victoria its Highland Wildlife Park Aviemore . Polar bear cubs were last born the UK almost 25 years ago . Arktos is one two male bears the park Kincraig the Cairngorms National Park . The pair could remain together about two weeks . Arktos will eventually return an enclosure he shares the other male , Walker . RZSS said captive breeding was an important part a wider effort to conserve polar bears , which are classified \" vulnerable \" the International Union Conservation Nature 's Red List Threatened Species . However , animal welfare organisations OneKind Scotland and Born Free Foundation have said tackling climate change to better protect wild bears should be the focus conservation efforts rather captive breeding . RZSS , which also manages Edinburgh Zoo where efforts have been made to breed giant pandas , said Arktos and Victoria have mated several times so far . The society said the pair would live together the next week or two \" mimicking what would occur naturally the wild \" . Vickie Larkin , head carnivore keeper the park , said the pair had appeared to have bonded well being introduced . She said : \" Both polar bears have really warmed each other and all the signs are really positive . \" the first moment they met , Arktos has been really gentle Victoria and their bond has been immediate . \" Polar bear breeding is inherently complex the species are induced ovulators , meaning the female only releases an egg initial mating occurs . They also practice delayed implantation , where the egg does n't implant the uterine wall some months later . \" Ms Larkin added : \" successful , Victoria will not fall pregnant August September time . \" Other key stages are her entering the birthing den October November and potentially giving birth December January . Any cubs would then not come the birthing den March April 2017 . \" Arktos arrived the park April 2012 a zoo Hannover , Germany . When being given health checks , park staff talk Arktos German , the language he heard when he was the zoo Hannover . Victoria , who was brought Scotland Aalborg Zoo Denmark last year and is kept an enclosure about a mile away the males , previously raised cubs 2008 .", "Martin will replace Bruce Anstey the team , who won last year 's race . McGuinness had been his way a third straight victory suffering a technical issue , and eventually finished fourth . The team said the duo , who will also be team-mates Honda the TT races , will target the first 120 + mph lap . McGuinness still holds the lap record the class 119.279mph ( 18:58.743 ) , which he set way victory 2015 . Martin , Grimsby , missed last year 's TT and North West 200 to compete the 2,712-mile Tour Divide mountain bike race the United States . The 35-year-old has not raced suffering multiple broken vertebrae and a fractured sternum a crash the Dundrod 150 Superbike race 2015 . The truck mechanic and TV personality is still looking his first TT victory , having finished the podium 16 times .", "The animal , thought to be a juvenile minke whale , is about 4m long . It was first seen Thursday morning and seems to be healthy and content . Minke whales are one the most common our waters . It is thought it may have swum in pursuit fish the channel . A fully-grown minke can grow 9m length . The harbour authorities are liaising experts the Northern Ireland Environment Agency , and are expected to monitor the animal several days the hope it returns open water . There are no immediate grounds concern the animal 's health , said the Department Agriculture , Environment and Rural Affairs ( DAERA ) . \" Minke whales frequent the waters the mouth Belfast Lough , but young or inquisitive animals will , occasion , come closer inshore ,\" said a spokesperson . \" However , our Marine and Fisheries team will continue to monitor the whale 's behaviour conjunction colleagues Belfast Harbour Commissioners . \" The animal is currently a well-regulated area Belfast Harbour where there is no risk disturbance . \" The whale is not an area that is easily viewable the public , however , a marine-protected species , people are advised to enjoy any views they are fortunate to have this remarkable animal but not to approach or do anything to disturb it ,\" the statement added .", "Sandra Bland was arrested a heated traffic stop captured film . She was found dead three days later . The 28-year-old 's death and the video footage her arrest sparked outrage . The arresting officer , Brian Encinia , has been charged allegedly lying it , a prosecutor announced a day grand jury discussions . Hours later , he was fired his job . The grand jury had picked the officer 's affidavit their decision , said special prosecutor Shawn McDonald . that affidavit , Mr Encinia had claimed Ms Bland was \" combative and uncooperative \" he pulled her . The argument began she was asked to put her cigarette and he demanded she get her car . Video footage showed the police officer drawing his stun gun and threatening Ms Bland the words : \" I will light you ! \" the argument moved off-camera , she was heard screaming he was about to break her wrists and she complained her head knocked the ground . Mr McDonald said grand jurors found Mr Encinia 's statement he had \" removed her her vehicle to further conduct a safer traffic investigation \" to be false . Soon the indictment , the Texas Department Public Safety said \" termination proceedings \" would start immediately . Ms Bland 's death three days her arrest was ruled a suicide and the sheriff 's officials and jailers were cleared any crime . But it sparked national headlines days a debate the police use force African Americans . The perjury charge carries a maximum sentence one year jail and a $ 4,000 fine .", "It 's overtaken Barack Obama 's famous \" four more years \" tweet . When Obama sent the message being re-elected 2012 , he made history being retweeted more half a million times a few hours and smashed previous records . It 's now been shared more 750,000 times . But the One Direction tweet 2011 which Louis said Harry was \" always my heart \" is now more popular , having been retweeted more 780,000 times . Both still have a long way to go to beat the famous Oscar selfie posted Ellen DeGeneres . So far that has been retweeted more three million times . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter , BBCNewsbeat Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "The court upheld a Chilean prison sentence Hartmut Hopp , a German citizen his seventies . Hopp worked Paul Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer , a former Nazi soldier who founded the commune southern Chile 1961 . Residents were indoctrinated and kept virtual slaves more 30 years . Hopp 's lawyer says he will appeal the sentence . Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer also collaborated the government Augusto Pinochet whose secret police used the colony 350km ( 215 miles ) south the capital , Santiago , a place torture and to \" disappear \" his opponents . Germany last year said it would declassify its files the sect , and the foreign minister the time , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , admitted the diplomatic service had failed to stop the abuses . The scale the abuses only came light Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer faced a series lawsuits 1997 . He fled Chile and was arrested Argentina 2005 . He was convicted Chile sexual abuse children , weapons possession and human rights violations . He died a Chilean jail 2010 the age 88 .", "convention these are relatively uncontroversial and involve saying something nice your predecessor political differences them . Cardiff North Labour MP MP Anna McMorrin found some warm words the Conservative whose job she took . \" I know how hard Craig worked to represent the constituency the past two years ,\" she told MPs Monday . Gower Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi did n't mention Byron Davies name but said Thursday : \" I would also like to pay tribute my predecessor who served the constituency the best his ability . \" Ms McMorrin went to give her analysis the Brexit referendum vote - her city voted to remain the EU . \" The vote many parts Wales was not a vote Europe or the concept or the reality the European Union ,\" she said . \" It was a vote politics\u00e2 \u20ac\u201d the reality the decisions taken here . \" The cumulative impact benefit cuts and reductions public spending has hit the poorest hardest , I intend to use my time here to speak a failed austerity where the richest people have forced the poorest people to pay the price . \" She added her name an amendment the Queen 's Speech calling the UK to remain the single market and the customs union . \" Ms Antoniazzi used her speech to oppose fracking and urge ministers to sign the proposed Swansea tidal lagoon . She also reflected her own heritage . \" My Italian family name is embedded the Gower constituency ,\" she said . \" The introduction cafe culture the people South Wales comes predominantly the families Bardi - and yes , you have ice cream to thank me . \" Business Secretary Greg Clark told her he had sampled some that ice cream campaigning her predecessor . A friend had found \" Gower \" and \" Tonia \" were searched more 20 times her daughter 's tablet computer . \" When questioned she told her mother , is n't it amazing we live somewhere anyone can become an MP you do n't have to be rich , you do n't have to go a posh school you just have to work hard . \" And more 20 years a teacher Amelie 's words ring so true the schoolchildren Gower , Wales and the United Kingdom ambition is critical ,\" she added .", "The Campaign Real Ale ( Camra ) has given the award the George & Dragon Hudswell , Richmond , North Yorkshire . The pub , the village 's only community facility , closed 2008 . It reopened 2010 residents formed the Hudswell Community Pub Ltd group and raised \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 to buy the building and land . Read more this and other stories North Yorkshire The group was helped the Plunkett Foundation which supports community co-operatives rural areas . Camra said the George & Dragon had a warm and welcoming atmosphere and a strong community ethos . The pub includes a small shop , library , community allotments and free internet access . Paul Ainsworth , Camra , said : \" The George & Dragon is a great example how a pub has been resurrected a true community asset . \" The pub 's current manager , Stu Miller , said he was thrilled to receive the award . \" It shows hard work , good beer and the support the community can help you achieve goals that seemed impossible only a short while ago ,\" he said . Runners the UK-wide competition were the Salutation Inn Ham , Gloucestershire , the Stanford Arms Lowestoft , Norfolk , and the Swan Two Necks Pendleton , Lancashire .", "An \" in-depth investigation \" will look claims made Veracruz governor Miguel Angel Yunes Linares Monday , the Ministry Health said . He alleged fake medicine had been bought and used state hospitals his predecessor Javier Duarte . Mr Duarte has been the run the authorities October . The former governor , who was elected 2010 , has not been seen a week he stepped allegations corruption . He has been charged organised crime and money laundering , but there are calls the Attorney General 's office to file criminal charges relating the latest accusations . Monday , Mr Yunes Linares told a press conference an investigation malfeasance and corruption Mr Duarte had uncovered medical fraud . ` We have tests a medication given children , a paediatric chemotherapy that was n't really a medication , it was an inert substance , practically distilled water ,'' he said . \" This really seems us a brutal crime , an attempt the lives the children . We 're finishing our analysis and , the appropriate time , we 'll be filing legal complaints . \" Mr Yunes Linares also alleged there had been inadequate tests HIV detection and the existence outdated medicines . The allegations have shocked Mexico . \" It is absolutely inhuman , criminal ,\" Senator Roberto Gil Zuart said , according Mexican news site Quadratin . Mexico 's Secretary Health Jos\u00c3 \u00a9 Narro Robles has promised to act \" the persons or companies involved \" irregularities or responsibility is found , the ministry said a statement Wednesday .", "Their last home game , a 4-0 win Droylsden , attracted 142 supporters and staff and players were paid , the Tigers were left \u00a3 21 profit . Last week , the club issued an appeal \u00a3 25,000 they could \" stay a solvent position \" the summer . \" There are fans out there but they do n't come back then we 're not going to have a team ,\" said Hughes . The club 's owner , Eamonn McGurk , has supported the club financially they struggled to pay a tax bill more \u00a3 80,000 the 1990s . It is estimated his investment runs more \u00a3 1m , addition funding the planning costs a new ground . The Blue Square Bet North club have been a home six years their Meadow Park ground was destroyed flooding and their nomadic status has played a major part their financial difficulties . They have shared local clubs Forest Green Rovers , Cirencester and most recently Cheltenham Town - where they have been based 2010 . But Hughes believes their move the city , and the historical rivalry the Tigers have Cheltenham , has caused fans to abandon their local club . \" I had \u00a3 10 every time I 've spoken someone who has said ' I used to support Gloucester but I 'm not going to come back you 've returned Gloucester ' , I 'd probably be able to sustain the club ,\" he told BBC Gloucestershire . \" There 's always been this rivalry the divide but Cheltenham are a Football League club now and that 's what we 've always wanted to aspire to . \" We 've been fortunate Cheltenham allowed us to have a ground share - they could have said no . \" Gloucester pay \u00a3 40,000 a year to play Whaddon Road , but were recently threatened eviction failing to meet payments . The issue is close being resolved and Gloucester hope to have a deal place next week to remain Cheltenham next season 's campaign . Plans a new stadium the Meadow Park site were submitted Gloucester City Council 2011 , but have yet to be approved . \" It has left me so frustrated ,\" Hughes added . \" There 's been a lot money spent reports etc [ new stadium ] and it 's been draining . \" It 's been difficult . We 're tired and we just need something we can hang our hat . We need something that will attract investors and keep us going . \"", "Captain David Seath , 31 , was a fire support team commander 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery . He suffered a suspected cardiac arrest running the course and later died hospital . He was laid rest following a funeral St Margaret 's RC Memorial Church Dunfermline . Hundreds mourners gathered the church the service , which was led parish priest Father Chris Heenan . Capt Seath was originally Cowdenbeath Fife . Maj Jim McCaffery , 7 ( Sphinx ) Commando Battery , which is based Arbroath , told the service : \" It is great sadness that were are here today to say farewell Captain David Seath . \" David was an inspiration all us . I genuinely could not have wished a finer officer . \" He will be sorely missed and our thoughts and prayers are his family . \" the service , Capt James Walker-McClimens read a tribute behalf Capt Seath 's brother , Gary . He told the mourners : \" David was my hero and my inspiration . I was so proud to say he was a Captain 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery and he served his country distinction Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" Words ca n't express how proud I was listening him he described his tours Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" I learnt so much David 's tours duty , the strong bond comradeship he had found the Army as well the many plans he had the future . \" There are no words to express how devastated I am this story has so tragically ended , so many chapters left unwritten . \" A family notice published the Dunfermline Press said the service would be a \" celebration David 's life \" and urged mourners to wear bright colours . Capt Seath fell ill the 23-mile mark taking part the race . Following his death , Capt Seath 's friends and colleagues vowed to continue to raise money Help Heroes and walk the final three miles the marathon course . More \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 has been donated a JustGiving page his memory about \u00c2 \u00a3 80,000 has been raised the charity his own page .", "Aodhan Woods was just 17 when he was tied , locked a cupboard and subjected several sexual assaults . Now 19 , he has waived his right anonymity his attackers were jailed . Darren Fu , Drumart Walk Belfast , will spend half his 11-year sentence jail . His co-accused who cannot be named got six years , half licence . The unnamed abuser was 17 the time the offence and a reporting restriction is place which prevents his identity being made public . The attack took place 30 May , 2014 when Mr Woods called Fu 's flat the Stranmillis area Belfast . A previous hearing the case was told Fu had ordered him to sell drugs and he was worried entering the flat he had not sold enough . The attack began almost immediately and the court heard the pair subjected him \" exceptional degradation \" , holding him knifepoint , burning him cigarettes , and seriously sexually assaulting him . The ordeal lasted a number hours they released the teenager , who then contacted police . Speaking court , Mr Woods said : \" I thought I was going to die that night . I will never forget what happened . \" He described it the \" worst experience his life \" . \" I did n't know what was going to happen and what they were going to do . The whole ordeal was just terrifying . \" He was diagnosed Post Traumatic Stress Disorder the attack but said he did not see himself \" a victim \" . \" I am speaking to show other people it 's okay to go and tell the police you have been sexually assaulted . I want people to find the courage to come forward and get the support that they need . \" Mr Woods thanked his family and friends and the police supporting him the criminal justice process . \" I would say anyone else who has been sexually assaulted , do n't be afraid , do n't hide it . The only way to move forward is to tell someone and you 'll soon realise there is so much support . Do n't be afraid to speak . \" The teenager welcomed the sentences given his attackers . Fu had pleaded guilty four charges - namely false imprisonment , two counts sexual assault , and rape . His co-accused admitted six counts including false imprisonment , two counts sexual assault and attempted rape .", "Jasim Khadijah was a rocket expert who controlled attacks , Col Steve Warren said . Last month a US soldier died and several others were injured when a base used US troops was shelled IS . It was the second US combat death the US first struck the group 2014 .", "\" This is definitely not the Oscars ,\" said 22 Jump Street star Jillian Bell the red carpet Los Angeles . As well fan-voted awards best kiss and best shirtless performance ( Efron won it - again ) the ceremony was also an unofficial promotional platform this summer 's blockbusters . The night 's big winner was The Fault Our Stars , which won best movie . The film 's star Shailene Woodley also picked best female performance , the Trailblazer Award and best kiss a scene Ansel Elgort . Woodley gave an emotional speech dedicated John Green , the author the book which the film is based , saying \" he gave this world a beautiful masterpiece \" . Other winners included Bradley Cooper , who won best male performance his role the late Chris Kyle American Sniper . The 40-year-old actor said : \" Chris Kyle would have turned 41 four days ago . Chris , this is you ,\" said Cooper . Channing Tatum took home best comedic performance 22 Jump Street and Meryl Streep picked best villain her role the Woods . Jennifer Lopez , Jennifer Lawrence , Seth Rogen and Rose Byrne were also the winners . Kevin Hart , who was the target many size-related jokes the night , brought his kids stage to accept the comedic genius award . He said : \" I do it all them . I 'm trying to leave a legacy behind . \" one the more energetic moments the show , Robert Downey Jr brought his fellow Avengers stars their knees accepting the Generation Award . Scarlett Johansson , Chris Evans , Chris Hemsworth , Mark Ruffalo and Jeremy Renner all took the stage to present their co-star the award , which Downey called \" the recognition I so desire \" . Clips the upcoming Pitch Perfect sequel , Judd Apatow 's latest comedy Trainwreck and Marvel 's new film Ultron were shown a look ahead this summer 's releases . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter , BBCNewsbeat Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "The 24-year-old summer signing injured himself training Friday he went to take a shot and will see a consultant this week . He joins Ryan Brunt and left-back Gary Sawyer long-term absentees . \" It 's a huge blow , any players we have the squad that are injured is very disappointing us ,\" manager Derek Adams told BBC Radio Devon . Spencer had become first choice the central striking role the League Two leaders following an injury on-loan Bristol City forward Paul-Arnold Garita , who has just returned fitness . \" He and Garita have played that area this season and held the ball and performed well us ,\" Adams added following Saturday 's 3-0 home loss Grimsby . \" It 's hard to take a manager you feel you 're getting somewhere and then something happens , it 's a roadblock , it 's very difficult to overcome these things , it 's hard to take . \"", "The Colombia international , who has not played October following a thigh injury , has been replaced the squad new loan signing Alexandre Pato . The 29-year old has made just one Premier League start signing a season-long Monaco last July . Former AC Milan forward Pato , 26 , signed Chelsea last week a six-month loan Corinthians . However , the Brazil international has not featured November he looks to regain full fitness following a series injuries . Chelsea interim boss Guus Hiddink has also included new signing Matt Miazga both his Champions League and Premier League squad lists the second half the season . The United States defender , 20 , joined Chelsea a four-and-a-half-year contract New York Red Bulls last week . Falcao , who was linked a deadline day move former club Atletico Madrid , has been named Chelsea 's 25-man Premier League squad . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini revealed Monday Nigerian forward Kelechi Iheanacho , 19 , will replace Samir Nasri City 's 25-man Champions League squad . France international midfielder Nasri , 28 , is set least another two months the sidelines following a hamstring injury and tendon surgery November . Clubs featuring the knock-out stages the Champions League were required to supply European football 's governing body Uefa their updated squad lists Tuesday night , but Arsenal have yet to publicly announce any changes their 25-man squad . The Gunners are expected to make one change , new midfield signing Mohamed Elneny , 23 , replacing defender Mathieu Debuchy , 30 , who has joined Ligue 1 side Bordeaux loan the end the season .", "It had lost its mother and become stranded shallow waters the coast Mojacar Andalucia . Tourists then began touching and photographing the animal rather seeking help it . Equinac , a local NGO , said \" selfishness \" caused the dolphin \" suffering and stress . \" The organisation , which works to protect marine wildlife the area , wrote a Facebook post ( Spanish ) : \" The animal was subjected the curious who wanted to photograph and touch it . \" \" These animals are highly protected ; to disturb them , to harm them , to manipulate them and to harass them is prohibited law , and we always ask respect and consideration . \"", "The men , aged 26 and 24 , were a house Melrose Street when three men armed a knife , hammer and batons forced their way the property just midnight Saturday . assaulting the men , the gang left a sum cash and personal items . They also smashed a number windows . The men the house received medical treatment their injuries . Police have appealed anyone information to contact them .", "Areas Counties Londonderry , Antrim and Down were affected . A spokesperson Northern Ireland Electricity said was an equipment fault was detected 21.40 BST . All properties have had power restored had their power restored 22.14 BST .", "The 64-year-old was found critical injuries Luxfield Road , south-east London , about 02:10 GMT . He was pronounced dead the scene . A 52-year-old man was arrested suspicion murder close where the victim was found . The arrested man and the victim knew each other but were not related , the Metropolitan Police said . The victim 's next kin have been informed .", "But the council is to set a group to \" resolve outstanding design issues \" . The proposed cycle route will link Leith Walk the east the city Roseburn the west , the city centre and Haymarket . The plans include reducing four lanes traffic Roseburn Haymarket two , and using half a carriageway and a bus lane cyclists . Supporters the path said it was vital cutting congestion and would provide a safe route the city . They said it would also encourage more active travel . But residents and shop owners the Roseburn area said reducing loading bays to make way bikes would have a huge impact passing trade , and reducing traffic lanes could increase congestion Roseburn . The council said the new working group would be set to help resolve outstanding design issues the plans . It said work would start immediately to secure further funding and to \" make preparations to commence the necessary statutory processes the scheme \" . A final decision will be taken the the working group 's discussions . Transport convener Councillor Lesley Hinds said the council was still \" 100 % committed \" the project but acknowledged it had divided opinion . She said a new group would be formed to try to reach a conclusion the final route design \" which the majority are happy \" . Ms Hinds added : \" Given the strength feeling out there certain aspects the plans , there 's clearly still work to be done the final route design is agreed . \"", "The 2014 winner Pineau De Re was those to miss the cut the famous Aintree race . Lower-rated horses are balloted , The Romford Pele occupying the number 40 slot . There were no withdrawals Thursday 's final declaration stage . Four reserves are standby should any runner pull 13:00 BST Friday . Download your sweepstake kit here Pinstickers' guide Many Clouds is 7-1 favourite ahead 10-1 chance The Last Samuri and 12-1 shot Silviniaco Conti . Coverage the race , 30 fences and nearly four-and-a-half miles , is expected to be followed 600 million people worldwide . Organisers have put the time the race an hour 17:15 BST an effort to further increase the audience . The National is a handicap chase , each runner allotted a different weight to carry the official handicapper Phil Smith . Some trainers are faced the tricky task trying to ensure their contenders perform well enough to get a rating which guarantees a run , landing a big weight that hampers their chances . Pineau De Re is now the twilight his career , the age 13 , and his rating has dropped . No horse that age has won the National Sergeant Murphy 1923 . The British Horseracing Authority has indicated it is open reviewing the entry system ahead next year 's National . Top weight Many Clouds will seek to become the first horse the legendary triple victor Red Rum the 1970s to win back-to-back runnings . Victory would see jockey Leighton Aspell , who also triumphed Pineau De Re two years ago , become the first rider to win three years running . Media playback is not supported this device Officials believe modifications the fences , and other alterations , introduced three years ago have helped improve safety . the changes , there have been no fatal injuries the National itself , two horses died other races the three-day meeting last year .", "Thousands animals , many them endangered , are part the count which is required law part the zoo 's licence . Important details each and every individual are noted the zoo can help worldwide breeding programmes . Newsround 's Martin headed the zoo , which houses 400 different species , to find how it 's done .", "Another user the dark web - a hidden part the internet where guns , drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police , a spokesperson said . The boy 's body was subsequently found the cellar a house Herne , North Rhine-Westphalia . Police say the 19-year-old suspect may be armed . Searches are being carried towns Herne , which lies the Ruhr area , a heavily industrialised region . Reports say the suspect , who is the run , is a martial arts enthusiast .", "Voters should have the option to remain the EU they are unhappy the result Brexit talks , she said . The party is also discussing electoral pacts fellow parties a \" number \" constituencies , she added . Ms Lucas is the Greens' only MP and the Liberal Democrats have agreed not to contest her Brighton Pavilion seat . She wants to maximise the number MPs who will support moves electoral reform and try to win or defend seats the Conservative Party . \" Discussions are going a number constituencies . that will deliver any results , I ca n't tell you - watch this space ,\" she said an election event Hackney , London . The Lib Dems have previously said a \" limited number \" local parties are considering similar deals ahead the June 8 election . Bristol West and the Isle Wight are the Green Party 's target seats , it pushes a second MP . Outlining the party 's policy Brexit , Ms Lucas said leaks and reports the weekend Brexit talks Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker \" confirmed our worst fears really - Theresa May is going these negotiations utterly unprepared , completely arrogant and not understanding how the EU works \" . \" the days following the EU referendum , the Green Party called the British people to have a further say the details any Brexit deal and we stand that position ,\" she said . The Green Party accepted the 2016 referendum result was an instruction the government to begin Brexit talks , she said . But it should be the \" start , not the end \" the process , people having a say the final deal - including an option to remain the European Union , she said . The Lib Dems have also promised a second referendum the Brexit deal . Theresa May says the Conservatives would make \" a success \" Brexit and has promised to give MPs a vote any deal that is agreed the UK and the EU . Jeremy Corbyn says Labour would not hold a referendum the final deal , but wants MPs to have a decisive say it .", "Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust was criticised the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) March 2015 . A re-inspection April this year found it had made \" positive progress \" some areas , but improvements were still needed . The safety patients high risk suicide had been deemed inadequate but has now been improved . The trust currently has 27,000 patients the county and more 2,000 members staff . Dr Paul Lelliott , deputy chief inspector hospitals the CQC , said there was now \" good care \" the population served the trust . \" We saw staff treating patients kindness , dignity and respect ,\" he said . The use volunteers and therapy dogs was praised , was the patient-run caf\u00c3 \u00a9 and the range paid job opportunities , including gardening and car valeting . March 2015 patients risk suicide were found not to be kept safe , but the trust said it now monitors \" ligature risks \" , which are fixed points which someone could use to harm themselves . \" Heat maps \" are also used to show patients high risk suicide . Dr John Brewin , trust chief executive , said : \" I am pleased the work all our staff has been reflected . \" Our staff have a real focus providing high-quality care our patients and this latest report is testament that commitment . \" Improvements are needed the areas care plans , staff supervision , bed availability and delays patients accessing psychological therapies , the CQC said . The trust was also found to have good relationships the community and police .", "The 33-1 shot , ridden David Mullins and trained Mouse Morris , triumphed Aintree April to become the first novice to win the race 1958 . The nine-year-old , owned the Gigginstown House Stud , has twice recovered a cracked pelvis . \" We did n't want to send him back Aintree a big weight , that would n't be fair ,\" said Gigginstown 's racing manager Eddie O'Leary . \" He provided us our first Grand National and we 'll never forget him . \" BBC horse racing correspondent Cornelius Lysaght : \" the first Grand National winner owner Michael O'Leary's burgeoning Gigginstown House Stud as well the first novice chaser to win the race nearly 60 years , Rule The World has his place history . \" he ran highly respectably Punchestown Aintree , O'Leary had already hinted , having defied serious injury to reach one the great pinnacles , he had perhaps done his bit . \" What a season Gigginstown , success Aintree , the Irish National and Cheltenham Gold Cup , but a price . Rule the World has been retired and there are doubts Gold Cup winner Don Cossack will race again . \"", "Adam Mitchell is believed to have been a pub Inverness' Baron Taylor Street Wednesday night last week . Police Scotland said CCTV images show him the Harry Fairbairn BMW garage Longman Road 00:52 Thursday . Coastguard and police helicopters and the RNLI 's Kessock lifeboat were involved making searches Inverness Harbour and Beauly Firth . The effort followed searches made earlier last week . Family and friends said Mr Mitchell 's failure to return his home the Culduthel area was character . Mr Mitchell is described 5ft 11in height , stocky build long mousy brown hair and a beard . When last seen he was wearing a black leather jacket , a denim vest , black jeans and boots .", "The actor , who was known millions Coronation Street binman Eddie Yeats the 1970s and 1980s , died \" peacefully his sleep \" Friday night . It followed a \" long courageous battle \" prostate cancer , his family said . Hughes , who lived the Isle Wight , was also known his roles Twiggy TV comedy The Royle Family and Onslow Keeping Appearances . He had thought he had beaten prostate cancer 2009 , but was told it had returned collapsing home 2010 . Hughes first appeared 1960s shows such Z-Cars and The Likely Lads . He was the voice Paul McCartney the Beatles film Yellow Submarine . Other roles included Vernon Heartbeat and Uncle Keith teen drama Skins , guest-starring episodes Doctor Who , Casualty , Boon and The Upper Hand . A Coronation Street spokeswoman said : \" We are very sad to hear the death Geoffrey Hughes . \" He created a legendary and iconic character Eddie Yeats who will always be part Coronation Street . Everyone connected the programme sends our sincerest condolences his family . \" Coronation Street star William Roache , who plays Ken Barlow , said : \" I am so sorry to hear Geoffrey . He was a warm , lovable actor , great comedy timing . \" He will be greatly missed , one the Street 's memorable characters . \" Helen Worth , who plays Gail McIntyre Coronation Street , said : \" Geoff was a very dear friend many years , and I 'm very sad to hear the news his passing . \" He was a master gentle comedy and brought pleasure so many people . He will be sadly missed . \" Sally Lindsay , who played barmaid Shelley Unwin Corrie , wrote Twitter her first TV job was playing Twiggy 's girlfriend The Royle Family , \" and he was so kind RIP lovely man x \" . Hughes was appointed Deputy Lord Lieutenant the Isle Wight 2009 , providing the official link the island and royalty formal events .", "Jamie Taggart , Argyll and Bute , failed to return a plant-hunting trip the northern mountainous area . He has not been seen 2 November , when his rucksack and passport were found a guest house Sapa . Mr Taggart , 41 , runs Linn Botanic Gardens the village Cove the Rosneath peninsula and serves the area a retained firefighter . Local police and the British embassy Hanoi have been informed his disappearance . Friend and fellow botanist Ian Sinclair , who has been liaising the search parties , said they had been hampered horrendous weather . \" The snow is continuing to melt , but there is a massive amount snow damage the forest such collapsed trees ,\" he said . \" The weather has been horrendous , snow down Sapa . This is extremely unusual Sapa is upper tropical rainforest . \" A large group the national park will be doing an intensive search the snow melts . \" A search due to begin Tuesday will concentrate four trails the forest Lai Chau and Lao Cai , he said . Family and friends Mr Taggart his hometown Cove have issued an appeal funds to help cover the cost the search . A Facebook page - Jamie Taggart Search - has also been set . Organisations and individuals have so far raised thousands pounds , including six-year-old Annie Ferguson Cove who donated her \u00c2 \u00a3 14.50 savings . The botanist 's father , Jim Taggart , found his son was missing when he failed to appear a scheduled flight home Scotland 29 November . He had arrived a guest house Sapa 30 October and left a motorbike taxi to explore the hills . 2 November his rucksack and passport were found the accommodation . Dr Taggart previously told BBC Radio Scotland he had received a handful text messages his son contact stopped . \" I do n't think he had got lost . Either something happened him his first day the hills or there is some explanation we can only guess ,\" he said . A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesman said : \" We are still close contact the local authorities and are providing consular assistance the family this difficult time . \"", "The RAC said the higher prices were due a combination rising crude oil prices , and the devaluation the pound June 's Brexit vote . Average petrol prices rose 4.4p 116.7p litre and average diesel prices rose 5.2p 118.7p litre . The motoring body said these were the biggest monthly increases three and a half years . Its fuel spokesman , Simon Williams , said retailers had \" no choice \" but to put prices garage forecourts . \" The effects the weak pound have really been felt the wholesale market , and this , combined an oil price nearly double its lowest level 2016 , has put significant upward pressure wholesale fuel prices ,\" he said . \" Certainly , we are a long way the remarkably low fuel prices enjoyed families and businesses early 2016 , when the average price unleaded was 102p litre and diesel was 101p ,\" he added . According the RAC , the increases mean it now costs \u00c2 \u00a3 64.20 to fill the 55-litre petrol tank a typical family car . Meanwhile it costs \u00c2 \u00a3 65.25 to fill a similarly sized tank a diesel car . The RAC suggested the price fuel might stabilise the coming months . \" Opec , which represents some the world 's biggest oil producers , recently agreed principle a cut production ,\" said Mr Williams . \" But a final deal is still to be agreed an Opec meeting the end this month and , some analysts suggesting a deal might yet stall , this leaves the prospect oil prices might stabilise or even fall the end the year ,\" he added .", "East Oxford residents have been complaining the behaviour Oxford Brookes students nights . the letter Andrea Siret , head community engagement , said students could face disciplinary action . One resident told the BBC he often heard students \" screaming \" . Ross Clark said : \" We 've had students running cars our street , stupid things . \" two o'clock the morning they 're all running past shopping trolleys , screaming . It is n't a good thing . \" When you get terrible [ neighbours ] you 're trouble . \" The letter tells students to \" show consideration their neighbours , including students passing residential areas to attend venues , quite often residents are sleeping \" . It reads : \" We are particularly concerned the volume complaints we have received ... we believe the majority these complaints are caused students their way or returning a night . \" The university takes its responsibilities a neighbour the community very seriously . \" All students Oxford Brookes University accept , a condition enrolment , they will not act a way that brings the university disrepute . This includes students living private-rented accommodation . \" Oxford City Council has set Oxford 's universities a target no more 3,000 students each living private accommodation . However , 3,747 Oxford Brookes students rented private homes last year , many residing the east Oxford area .", "Four wards were closed visitors Arrowe Park Hospital , Wirral , Monday the visiting ban was extended Thursday . The ban does not affect Wirral Women and Children 's Hospitals . Gaynor Westray , director nursing and midwifery the hospital , said the decision was \" the best interests our patients \" . She said : \" The safety our patients is paramount us and it is never an easy decision to make but this will help us contain the spread this highly contagious bug . \" The hospital has also asked the public to not visit its accident and emergency department they have symptoms the bug . Norovirus - which causes vomiting , stomach cramps , fever and diarrhoea - is easily spread person person . Symptoms usually begin 12 48 hours a person becomes infected , most healthy people making a recovery one three days . Arrowe Park has not given an indication how long the ban is likely to remain effect .", "Two men , aged 23 and 24 , had a noxious substance thrown them 19:00 BST Tuesday Roman Road , Bethnal Green , east London . Rahad Hussain , 23 , has been charged wounding intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession an offensive weapon , namely acid . He was remanded custody when he appeared Thames Magistrates' Court . Mr Hussain , no fixed address , gave no indication a plea . He is due to appear Snaresbrook Crown Court 29 August .", "The Tribunal Commerce decided SeaFrance 's future a bailout the French government was ruled illegal the European Commission . The court also said an offer a cooperative employees was not acceptable . Hundreds jobs France are also expected to be lost . Three ferries were operated SeaFrance the Dover Calais route . The service was suspended November . Conservative MP Dover and Deal Charlie Elphicke said : \" It is a real concern the ... people Dover who have worked SeaFrance and also their families . \" This is a difficult day and I think the heart the whole community goes them . \" Obviously it 's a real blow , [ ] SeaFrance is n't operating that means there 's less ferry traffic . \" There were tears SeaFrance workers who gathered the court Paris to hear the decision the firm 's future . Many were protesting the handling SeaFrance 's fate , one banner questioning why French president , Nikolas Sarkozy had not intervened to save the company . Flares were lit protest the company 's liquidation . Eurotunnel has not ruled a future bid the cross-channel ferry firm , which employs nearly 1,000 people . Mr Elphicke said Eurotunnel 's proposals : \" Many people will want to know they were n't simply going to buy them [ SeaFrance 's ferries ] order to scrap them . \" We need to make sure they give a clear plan why they are interested the ferry business and not simply going to take capacity . \" Everyone is working as hard they can to ensure their jobs will be safeguarded and working as hard they can to ensure those ships will be back route a new buyer and a new purchaser . \" A spokesman said Eurotunnel would \" now be working to see what the fair value the assets \" were making any decision . The French firm went receivership 2010 and its company 's ferries carried more 3.5 million passengers a year the Dover Calais route . A spokeswoman SeaFrance said : \" SeaFrance is sad to announce the Tribunal Commerce Paris has made the decision to liquidate the company . \" the best efforts all parties , the court came the difficult conclusion none the options available it were financially viable . \" Provision has been made to ensure all customers pre-existing bookings will receive refunds . \" She urged customers to contact SeaFrance details .", "His solicitor Julia Cooper has asked Surrey Police to explain a statement he had confessed the murder . Bellfield , 47 , was given a whole-life prison sentence June 2011 murdering the schoolgirl . Surrey Police confirmed it had received a letter Bellfield 's solicitors but said it was standing its statement the confession . Milly was kidnapped her way school her home Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , March 2002 . Ms Cooper said Bellfield , now known Yusuf Rahim , believed a \" covert tape \" may have been used to record his response a police interview prison . She said \" my client denies giving a confession \" . She has written Surrey Police requesting the tape recording and notes the meeting . Ms Cooper said Bellfield contacted her very soon Surrey Police distributed its press statement relating the Dowler case . She said Bellfield denies all the crimes which he has been convicted . Last month , Surrey Police revealed Bellfield had made the admission an investigation he had an accomplice involved the abduction and rape , but not murder , Milly . The force said it stood its original statement . A police source speaking the BBC would not comment how the admission was recorded . Milly 's body was found 25 miles away where she was kidnapped , Yateley Heath , Hampshire . Experts could not say how she died . Bellfield was found guilty abducting and murdering the teenager following a trial the Old Bailey where a judge described him a \" cruel and pitiless killer \" . He was already jail the murders Amelie Delagrange , 22 , and Marsha McDonnell , 19 , and the attempted murder Kate Sheedy , 18 , when he went trial accused killing Milly . He lived 50 yards where Milly vanished but did not become a suspect he was arrested police London the other crimes 2004 . Wednesday , the Dowler family revealed harrowing details Milly 's final hours , saying they had been made aware her suffering last year Bellfield had spoken police .", "It backed plans to issue fines initially , and only resort criminal charges repeat offenders . Selling , buying and producing the drug will remain illegal and the move must still be ratified parliament . According the UN Office Drugs and Crime , almost 9 % Israelis use cannabis , some experts believe the figure to be higher . The move follows recommendations a committee set to study the issue , and moves a number US states and European nations to decriminalise use the drug . \" the one hand we are opening ourselves the future . the other hand , we understand the dangers and will try to balance the two ,\" Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his cabinet ahead the vote . Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked said : \" Israel cannot shut its eyes the changes being made the world respect marijuana consumption and its effects . \" Meanwhile , Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan added the move was \" an important step the way implementing a new policy that will emphasise education and treatment instead criminal enforcement \" . the new system , first-time personal users who are caught and confess will be fined 1,000 shekels ( \u00c2 \u00a3 220 ; $ 270 ) , this doubling the second occasion . Probation will apply the third time and only a fourth case would lead criminal charges . Israel is one the world leaders research medical use marijuana .", "The 24-year-old striker , who scored 25 Premier League goals last season , turned the most lucrative contract offer Everton 's history March . \" I do n't want to stay the same level . I want to improve and I know where I want to do that ,\" Belgian Lukaku said Monday . Former club Chelsea , who he originally signed 2011 , remain favourites to complete a deal Lukaku . The Premier League champions , Manchester United and Bayern Munich have been linked a move Lukaku , who has been Everton 2013 . \" We are now talking the club . I know what 's happening , but I will leave the talks my agent ,\" he added journalists Belgium beat the Czech Republic a friendly Brussels . \" I know what 's happening , but I ca n't tell you anything more . \" What I would like most is to play the Champions League and try to win the Premier League once . Or better - a few times . \" Lukaku is represented Mino Raiola , the agent who helped negotiate Paul Pogba 's \u00a3 89m move Manchester United last summer .", "The rock legends' set went the BBC World Service part Alexis Korner 's Rhythm and Blues programme and was taped an AM radio Europe . It includes the band 's only known recording the track Sunshine Woman . The session recording has been restored help guitarist Jimmy Page inclusion a new compilation . The Complete BBC Sessions , which will be released September , is a remastered update a 1997 collection tracks recorded the BBC 1969 and 1971 . It includes eight previously unreleased recordings , including the first broadcast Stairway Heaven , the BBC Paris Cinema London 1 April 1971 . Versions songs the band 's first two albums also feature , including Communication Breakdown and What Is And What Should Never Be . Formed 1968 , Led Zeppelin went on to become one the world 's biggest bands , each their studio albums making the top 10 the US Billboard charts . They officially split 1980 , following the death drummer John Bonham . The remaining members reformed a 2007 concert London , Bonham 's son Jason playing drums .", "The woman was taken hospital the incident involving a male inmate Maghaberry Prison , Lisburn , Monday . Adrian Smith the Prison Officers Association ( POA ) told BBC News NI the woman was one the newer prison officers . He said he believed she was attacked a weapon \" made a razor \" . \" She has an approximately three inch deep cut her left ear ,\" he said . \" the ever increasing budget cuts , I believe this will happen more often ,\" he added . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" The Prison Service utterly condemns this attack and has referred the incident the PSNI \" .", "Royal Mail predicts what it calls Take-back Tuesday there will be a rise more 50 % returns December 's daily average . Clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned . People are also expected to flock shops lunchtime to give back gifts , but may face issues getting a refund . Catherine Shuttleworth , consumer analysts Savvy Marketing , told the BBC : \" The problem many people will be a gift receipt they will not be able to get a return the retail price which an item was originally purchased . \" Prices have been slashed the Boxing Day and January sales , and there is also likely to be very mixed stock available shoppers are wanting to return and replace an item , it is unlikely a product will be available the shelf . \" It is not only shoppers who could have problems - there are also issues the companies themselves . \" It poses challenges retailers terms additional staffing returns and ensuring returns policies are adhered ,\" Ms Shuttleworth said . \" This year , returns are complicated the high level discounting Christmas when many gifts were purchased - retailers have the challenge managing their [ profit ] margin returns . \" You can also expect to see long queues retailers exchange points , which are never a desirable position the retailer or shopper . \" Find more your rights Most online clothes shoppers send something Royal Mail 's figures the expected surge returns is based the number parcels handled its Tracked Returns service , which is used more 1,000 e-retailers . A Royal Mail survey 1,517 UK online shoppers , looking the number items sent back , discovered 30 % them returned women 's clothes , 17 % men 's clothes , 16 % footwear and 7 % children 's clothes . And a separate survey 1,505 online shoppers the UK , 38 % said a free returns policy was likely to make them do more shopping this way . The highest volume returns Royal Mail the last financial year took place January 2016 .", "Simon Hamilton said they want the highest standard health and social care , then the current configuration services is not going to work . Mr Hamilton pulled no punches his first keynote address his new role . He said the real challenge was the absence political agreement the future health and social care . Mr Hamilton acknowledged the worries reform will lead the closure facilities . But he added its growing and ageing population means Northern Ireland has to do things differently . a hard-hitting speech lots plain talking , the minister said attachments the bricks and mortar the National Health Service [ NHS ] must not act a barrier that inhibits people getting the best healthcare . Instead , he called people to embrace change and allow the NHS to move the times .", "Melissa Morton , 12 , was 34 pupils Brentwood School Essex a coach that crashed a motorway bridge Middelkerke , West Flanders . Her father Keith Morton said she had been \" very disturbed it all \" . The school said some staff still needed hospital treatment , but all pupils were due back school next week . The coach , which was heading Cologne Germany a languages trip , hit a bridge the A18 ( E40 ) Middelkerke the morning 28 June . Driver James Chance , who worked a coach firm County Antrim , Northern Ireland , was killed . A second driver was also injured . Two boys who were badly hurt , one receiving head injuries and another having a broken leg , have both been back the independent school to meet their friends , a spokesman said . He said some injured teachers , including one who suffered a broken collarbone , had continued to receive hospital treatment and were due to continue recovering a number weeks they could return work . Some pupils and staff are also receiving counselling . Keith Morton , whose daughter Melissa escaped unhurt , told BBC Essex she was still \" emotionally not quite right \" . \" There 's been some teary situations and sleepless nights and it 's still quite a shock her ,\" he said . \" There was one occasion when she had to get a coach and was very disturbed it all . \" The school 's second master David Taylor said he had spoken police Belgium and it was \" going to be a long process \" to find what caused the crash , but he said he would still like trips to continue .", "Daly spent two seasons Ibrox leaving Tannadice , where he has been training pre-season . \" I would never say never ,\" the 32-year-old said the possibility signing the Scottish Premiership club . \" they came me and were interested , I would definitely consider it . \" Daly spent six years Tannadice and ended club captain . \" I am currently training Dundee United ,\" he told BBC Scotland . \" When pre-season came and I still had n't got a club , I rang manager Jackie McNamara and asked I could go . \" They are a good club some fantastic young players . \" I would never say never , but United would need to want me first . \" The United States appears to be a possible destination Daly . \" I am probably looking further afield Scotland ,\" he said . \" I 'm looking abroad . \" the moment , there are a few clubs interested , but they have their full forum allocated players they need to maybe lose one or two them they can move . \" It is looking January the foreign market can come , so I might need to get something short term then . \" Daly had no regrets his move Rangers , who helped the Ibrox side win Scotland 's third tier dropping the bench much last season the Championship . \" I was contract Dundee United and the time they were only prepared to offer a one-year contract ,\" he said . \" When I spoke Ally McCoist , they were prepared to offer two years . \" A lot people say you are dropping the divisions , which is a fair point , but it is going a club Rangers' stature , history , fan base , playing Ibrox every second week and training Murray Park every day . \" I was just delighted to go a club that and play a man that I really respected Ally McCoist . \"", "The man - identified a 30-year-old surnamed Pang - was held the southern Guangxi region and brought back the capital , Xinhua said . Pang made a 37.5km lap Beijing 13min and 43 sec , driving three times faster the official limit . A video his feat August soon became an internet sensation China . April , two men crashed a Ferrari and a Lamborghini they staged what reports said was a \" real-life Fast and Furious \" race the capital , referring the film franchise . The drivers were later sentenced five and four months jail .", "It said just 8 % councils had built enough to replace half their stock sold the scheme , which allows council tenants to buy their homes . The charity said there was a danger some areas having no affordable homes . The government said it was committed building 275,000 affordable new homes the course this parliament . Right Buy was first introduced the 1980s Margaret Thatcher 's government and was given a boost 2012 when discounts tenants were increased \u00c2 \u00a3 75,000 . this year 's Queen 's speech the government announced the scheme was being extended 1.3m housing association tenants England . Shelter , which looked provisional figures the Department Communities and Local Government , said just two the 166 councils England listed selling properties Right Buy had succeeded replacing more 100 % the properties sold . existing policy , the government has promised each home sold 2012 would be replaced . The charity 's chief executive Campbell Robb warned the problem not enough council homes being replaced was only likely to get worse , leaving some areas no affordable homes . \" this rate they 'll soon be black-spots the country where no-one a normal income can afford to live ,\" he said . 1. North Kesteven 187 % 2. New Forest 128 % 3. Waverley 89 % 4. Barking and Dagenham 88 % 5. Winchester 81 % 6. Ipswich 80 % 7. Tandridge 79 % 8. Castle Point 71 % 9. Hounslow 64 % 10. South Cambridgeshire 59 % The Local Government Association ( LGA ) , which represents councils England and Wales , said many council housing programmes were hampered complex rules and restrictions the use receipts sales homes . LGA housing spokesman Peter Box said : \" It is imperative councils are given the powers to replace housing sold Right to Buy quickly and effectively part the Spending Review . \" Councils need to be able to retain 100 % receipts sales Right to Buy discounts should be set locally they reflect the cost houses the area . \" Mr Box said the LGA estimated this would allow councils to replace 50,000 homes sold the lifetime the next Parliament . The government said nearly 40,000 new homeowners had been created it increased discounts council tenants 2012 . A spokesman added : \" Councils are continuing to fulfil the requirement to deliver one one replacements three years , and 3,000 replacement homes have already been delivered England . \" We have been absolutely clear councils do not deliver one one replacements the additional homes sold Right to Buy the government will . \"", "made law , the measure will put a 20 % ceiling any foreign stakes Russian media , including those held indirectly Russian partners . Russia 's main media outlets are state-owned or controlled loyal oligarchs . But top Putin ally Sergei Zheleznyak said Russia was facing \" an information war unleashed the country \" . Russian TV news has accused the Ukrainian government provoking clashes eastern Ukraine acts aggression , including indiscriminate shelling civilians . The Kiev government blames pro-Russian separatists the violence , and says Russia has fomented it supplying soldiers and heavy weapons the rebels . The media bill is to go Duma ( lower house ) deputies 23 September , Itar-Tass news agency reports . The restrictions would apply magazines and internet publications as well newspapers and broadcast media . The bill is highly likely to become law it was proposed MPs who usually support the pro-Kremlin group United Russia . BBC Monitoring reports foreigners directly own stakes some Russian mainstream media :", "The futures Aston and Coventry stations were discussed West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority . The authority , which said it needed buildings a \" modern-day \" fire service , approved its budget earlier . Plans to demolish Aston 's Ettington Road fire station , which was built 1923 , will go planners . Phil Hales , deputy chief officer West Midlands Fire Service , said Aston residents would be consulted part the planning process . The authority says Coventry 's Radford Road station , which was built 1976 , is expensive to run and maintain . A new station Aston could cost around \u00c2 \u00a3 7.5m , the Coventry scheme could cost an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 6.7m . English Heritage has said it expected to be consulted the proposal to demolish Aston fire station the plan was put forward . \" Aston fire station was listed Grade II 2010 and recognised a carefully-designed building which works well its surroundings and is a powerful symbol civic pride ,\" a spokesperson said .", "A woman got the vehicle and an unknown man jumped and took the car . Police said it happened Boucher Crescent south Belfast about 17:25 GMT . Members the public managed to stop the car but the man fled foot . A short time later a man his 30s was arrested and remains custody . The two children were unharmed .", "The 31-year-old has joined the Spitfires a deal the end the season . Tubbs could be handed his Eastleigh debut the National League game Kidderminster Tuesday . Ex-Bournemouth striker Tubbs has scored five goals League Two side Portsmouth this season but he has not featured Pompey October .", "Administrators' reports suggest \u00a3 7m \u00a3 10.25m lent Northampton Town the local borough Council was passed 1st Land Limited . A total \u00a3 2.65m was then given David Cardoza and his father , Anthony . David Cardoza declined to comment , saying : \" I 'm confidentiality so ca n't speak . \" A report March this year showed a dispute arose the Cardozas and 1st Land , which has since gone administration , the money . The Cardozas called it a \" Joint Venture Fee \" - money paid one party to help carry a jointly-run project - but 1st Land said it was a loan . It is unclear what has since happened the money . The \u00a3 10.25m loan was originally paid the League Two club the redevelopment the new East Stand Sixfields Stadium , a hotel and conference centre - none which have been completed . Contractors Buckingham Group were appointed to carry the works , 1st Land appointed to oversee the development . When the company went administration , it owed Northampton Town \u00a3 7.3m and Buckingham Group more \u00a3 2m . The Cardozas and fellow businessmen , Howard Grossman , his son Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick , feature directors several firms business links 1st Land and a second company appointed to oversee the development - County Developments ( Northampton ) Limited or CDNL . Many these companies have gone liquidation . Howard Grossman is listed the only director 1st Land ; which is owned another Grossman firm , County Group . The administrators' report also lists payments \u00a3 314,000 Howard Grossman his salary ; \u00a3 1.475m County Homes ( Herts ) Ltd and \u00a3 233,000 County Cemetery Services Limited . The director County Homes is also Howard Grossman . County Cemetery Services lists two current directors : Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . David Cardoza was a director the company August last year . It has also gone administration - but not a sale agreement was made a company called Centurion Infinity Limited ; whose directors are Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick . the collapse 1st Land , CDNL took the job facilitating the Sixfields development . Its current directors are listed David and Anthony Cardoza , Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick resigned directorships January . That company has now also entered liquidation . The club faces a winding-up petition , due to be heard 16 November , HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) .", "Mr Philippe , 48 , was arrested appearing a guest a radio programme Port-au-Prince last week . He was flown the US to face the long-standing charges . Dozens his supporters attended the hearing Miami , demanding his release . Mr Philippe was recently elected his country 's senate , \" We are here to support Senator Guy Philippe . We all feel he is innocent ,\" said Haitian Senator Evince Francois . \" We are here to let him know we stand him . We think this is all politics ,\" he told the Associated Press news agency . last week , the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) listed Mr Philippe a wanted man charges conspiracy to import cocaine and money laundering His arrest , 5 January , came days he was due to be sworn a senator , which would have given him some immunity prosecution . Campaign group Human Rights Watch has accused him overseeing extra-judicial killings . Mr Philippe , Haiti 's former police chief , denies any wrongdoing . He took part the 2004 rebellion that removed President Jean Bertrand Aristide power . The new Haitian Senate , elected November , was sworn Monday , new president Jovenel Moise due to take office 7 February . Haiti has been led interim President Jocelerme Privert February 2016 when Michel Martelly stepped the end his term .", "Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust has 285 full-time vacancies three sites , which cover Surrey and Berkshire . The high cost living the south England is said to be a factor affecting recruitment . Each successful applicant will receive a maximum \u00a3 1,340 subsidies . Nurses will be offered accommodation Wexham Park Hospital Slough , Frimley Park Camberley and Heatherwood Hospital Ascot . Marko Novosil moved Croatia to become a nurse Wexham Park hearing the incentive . \" The crucial thing coming here was the support . I realised when I started I would get the free accommodation which helped me settle \" , he said . Wexham Park Hospital matron Helen Noakes said : \" Rental prices are higher this area , which means people do struggle and the one thing that we can offer people is the free accommodation when they start . \" Longer term we would look to help them find somewhere the local area to live . \" Currently the average monthly rent a one-bedroom property Slough is \u00a3 897 , the average the same sort property Camberley is \u00a3 930 . The average cost a room both areas ranges \u00a3 500 \u00a3 550 .", "Those arrested include two builders , police officers and municipality officials . The apartment building came crashing Thursday . Correspondents say building collapses are common India , poor construction practices often blamed . pictures : Mumbai building collapse There is huge demand housing , and corruption often leads cost-cutting and a lack safety inspections , correspondents say . Police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi said the builders were arrested allegedly paying bribes police and municipal officials to construct the building the Mumbai suburb Thane any official sanction . Mr Raghuvanshi said Sunday the nine would be formally charged culpable homicide and causing death negligence , the investigation the accident had been completed . convicted , they face sentences life prison . Most the victims the Thane collapse were poor daily wage earners working the site , and their families . The dead included 30 children and 18 women . Building work had continued the block even four floors were already occupied . One police official told the BBC the collapse appeared to have been caused the use substandard building material . Witnesses said the construction the building started just six weeks ago , when seven floors had been built . The eighth floor was construction . a similar collapse 2010 , 69 people were killed Delhi .", "The 22-year-old leaves first professional club Wigan Athletic four years , having made 19 senior appearances . County boss Jim McIntyre described Chow \" a box-to-box midfielder great athleticism \" . \" He came Wigan 's academy system and has got great energy ,\" the manager added . The Dingwall side visit Hamilton Academical Saturday , having won two their three Scottish Premiership matches so far . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "Fox has spent the last five years chief commercial officer Premier League rivals Arsenal and replaces Paul Faulkner , who left Villa Park July . \" I was delighted and even flattered Tom 's interest the job ,\" said owner Randy Lerner , who put the club sale May but is yet to find a buyer . \" His reputation a leader and team builder makes him , my mind , a great fit to take our club forward . \" Fox had been the Gunners 2009 and brings more 25 years' experience sports marketing Villa . \" Aston Villa has always been an important club English football and it has a long and rich history success the top the game ,\" Fox said . \" The chance to help restore the club its rightful place the Premier League is a challenge I 'm really energised and greatly looking forward . \"", "Interest and participation has increased hugely recent years the country , according the Outdoor Swimming Society . Eighty outdoor swims are being held the 2015 season , most taking place Christmas or Boxing Day . Safety advice has been issued the society the first time . Spokesman Will Cairns said it was expecting more people to take part this year the sea , rivers and lidos . \" What 's interesting this year is the temperature the water . \" It 's three four degrees higher certain places it was this time last year . Temperature does play a part . \" He said overall membership numbers increased 15,000 last year 25,000 this year and 40 % members now actively swim the winter . \" The Christmas swims very much appeal the British psyche doing something different , something slightly weird and wonderful ,\" he said . - Do not take part you are pregnant , suffer asthma or have a heart condition . - Get warm the swim and remove your warm clothing the last minute . - Go feet first , not head first , and control your breathing immersing your shoulders . - Have low expectations how long you will be or how far you will go - Dry and put layers ten minutes getting Charlie Hoskin , 33 , Cornwall , described herself a \" granite-fleshed cold-water bathing enthusiast \" who always swims the sea Christmas . \" The sensation is truly electrifying . It is a great way to test your constitution and boost your immune system ,\" she said . Daniel Fox has been photographing the Exmouth Christmas Day swim 2007 . \" Its getting massively busy now and the atmosphere is amazing . Costumes are getting wilder and there are more and more people taking part ,\" he said . \" There are about 1,000 swimmers , thousands spectators and tens thousands watch webcam too so we have a worldwide audience \" . Brian Thomas the Serpentine Swimming Club London said : \" We have seen a huge growth numbers the past five years \" . He said its Christmas swimming race tradition began 1864 and about 100 people usually take part a strict vetting process . \" Swimming a wetsuit is cheating \" he said , stressed the club has \" strict guidelines \" making sure participants have acclimatised .", "The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) has stripped the three their gold medals , won Beijing 2008 . They were eight athletes sanctioned doping - the latest to be caught a retesting programme . The International Weightlifting Federation ( IWF ) last year ruled any nations three or more positive tests would be banned a year . The IOC is retesting hundreds samples the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games , using new techniques to uncover cheating that went undetected the time . Cao Lei , 33 , took gold the women 's 75kg weightlifting event Beijing , Chen Xiexia , 34 , won the women 's 48kg and Liu Chunhong , 31 , was successful the women 's 69kg . All will now have to return their medals . The failed retests were uncovered last year but the sanctions - announced the IOC Thursday - will clear the way the IWF to act . The IWF issued new measures last year 's Rio Olympics to crack doping the sport . Its executive board decided \" national federations confirmed to have produced three or more anti-doping rule violations the combined re-analysis process the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games shall be suspended one year \" . Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan , Russia and Belarus have already been banned the IWF . The other five athletes to be sanctioned the IOC are : \" The protection clean athletes and the fight doping are top priorities the IOC ,\" a spokesperson said ,", "Research The Local Data Company ( LDC ) and the University Stirling found the average retail vacancy rate dropped 14.5 % 13.7 % . East Kilbride has the highest rate all Scottish towns , 33 % , Inverurie has the lowest , 1 % . The study found 40 % Scotland 's empty shops have remained vacant more three years . It also suggested town vacancy rates have improved twice the rate Scotland 's cities . The most improved towns were Anstruther , Clydebank , Dumfries , Inverkeithing , Lochgelly , Peterhead and Pitlochry . Five towns have maintained vacancy rates less 6 % the last three years - Inverurie , Ellon , North Berwick , Dunbar and Biggar . the other end the scale , rates five towns have remained 22 % the last three years - Banff , Dumbarton , Cumbernauld , East Kilbride and Ardrossan . Dundee had the highest proportion persistent vacancy , 11 % . Anstruther was found to have the highest proportion independent shops ( 86 %) , Gretna had the lowest ( 5 %) . Leisure is an increasingly significant presence cities and towns , accounting 39 % total stock Edinburgh and Glasgow . Leisure businesses also account more 30 % shops Renfrew , St Andrews , Lochgelly and Fort William . Aberdeen has the highest proportion charity shops a city , 4.2 % , Penicuik Midlothian has the greatest proportion charity shops a town , 8.9 % . Matthew Hopkinson , director the Local Data Company , said : \" The report identifies important trends as well quashes common perceptions deprived towns ca n't succeed . \" particular significance is many Scottish towns almost 40 % the vacant units have been vacant more three years . \" Such a stark figure implies obsolescence and a major barrier healthy and sustainable places and communities . \" The study looked the health high streets more 100 cities and towns north the border .", "Lufthansa lost an appeal a Frankfurt labour court , but is making a further legal challenge that could go late Tuesday evening . The pilots' strike , called a pay dispute , will affect around 100,000 passengers , Lufthansa said . The industrial action is part a long-running pay dispute Lufthansa . The pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit ( VC ) has organised 14 strikes April 2014 . Short and medium-haul flights Germany will be affected 00:01 23:59 local time ( 23:01-22:59 GMT ) . Flights Lufthansa 's other airlines including Eurowings , Swiss , Austrian Airlines , Air Dolomiti and Brussels Airlines are not affected the strike , the airline said . Pay talks the Vereinigung union and the German airline broke earlier this month , and Lufthansa said the union had \" consistently rejected the offer \" mediation . The union is calling a 3.7 % pay rise 5,400 pilots dating back 2012 . Lufthansa , which is facing increasing competition budget rivals , offered a 2.5 % increase the six years 2019 . Meanwhile , a separate dispute cabin crew Lufthansa 's low-cost subsidiary , Eurowings , led it to cancel more 60 flights Tuesday .", "The leak happened the Worthy Farm site Somerset June 2014 and damaged water quality and killed fish . Founder Michael Eavis , who was Yeovil Magistrates' Court , said the sewage was a \u00a3 100,000 slurry tank . The Glastonbury Festival is one the UK 's biggest music events , some 175,000 people attending each year . the hearing , the judge was told 42 fish were killed the sewage a \" large quantity \" sewage filtered Whitelake River . Sensors the stream alerted the Environment Agency increased ammonia levels . The court was told fish - including protected brown trout - died a result . Glastonbury Festival 2014 admitted the single charge it . Prosecuting , Kieran Martyn said : \" The impact was extensive ... It extended least 4km downstream . \" Representing the festival , Kerry Gwyther , said the leak the tank was a \" freak incident \" and not as serious was being made . \" We do n't accept it was a major incident described the agency ,\" he said . \" The leak period was eight hours . We do accept there was a significant effect water quality and the fish health . \" Significant costs were not incurred terms a clean . \" The case has now been adjourned both parties put together more detailed background reports . Outside court Michael Eavis said : \" Of course , I 'm exceedingly sorry what 's happened . \" We had a problem obviously - there were 200,000 people and we were storing slurry . \" It was a tank holding farm slurry , but this occasion we were using it the festival sewage and it was starting to leak . \" It was a brand new build , it cost me \u00a3 100,000 , so that 's my defence . \" Another issue yet to be decided is the seriousness the breach . it is a category one offence , the festival would be line a fine \u00a3 55,000 \u00a3 300,000 or , it is deemed a category two the fine would be \u00a3 20,000 . The defence team told the court any fine should be line the company 's finances . They said the festival 's net profit was \u00a3 84,000 a year tax . But the prosecution said turnover was about \u00a3 37m . Mr Gwyther said the site donated \u00a3 2m 2015 a number charities , including the Somerset Wildlife Trust and WaterAid . District Judge David Taylor said there was \" significant differences one account another \" and said there would be a four-day hearing to decide the facts sentencing . Kasabian , Dolly Parton and Metallica headlined the festival 2014 .", "Spaniard Valdes , 34 , has made eight appearances Liege joining January , helping them win the Belgian Cup final March , but is currently injured . a statement , Liege said they had decided to play their younger players the rest the season . Valdes' current contract United will expire this summer . Former Barcelona player Valdes clashed United manager Louis van Gaal July a proposed move Turkish club Besiktas collapsed the following month . Never want to miss the latest Man Utd news ? You can now add United and all the other sports and teams you follow your personalised My Sport home .", "The shadow education secretary wants the GCSE system updated to include academic and vocational subjects . a motion the House Commons , he will call a \" new political consensus \" education policy . \" We have a long-standing mismatch the education system and the labour market ,\" says Mr Hunt . Mr Hunt is understood to want a more \" constructive \" approach opposition Labour 's general election defeat . The motion the House Commons will emphasise the common goals wanting to improve education to drive economic growth and calls the government to create a cross-party review \" to cover exams , educational institutions and curriculum \" . Mr Hunt wants to build a political consensus moving away the current GCSE system , which he argues needs to be overhauled when the leaving age has risen 18 and these are no longer the final school-leaving exams . The shadow education secretary wants a broader baccalaureate system incorporating both vocational and academic exams . But such a change would need to be introduced a longer period the next Parliament - and Mr Hunt 's move is an attempt to \" begin a conversation \" . Mr Hunt says the exams system is no longer delivering the skills needed the labour market . \" We need a new political consensus to put it right . That is why I am calling the government to initiate a cross-party review 14-19 education this country . \" We should leave nothing the table . Our only goal should be establishing consensus the changes needed our 14-19 education system to secure our country the long-term economic growth and productivity that we need to succeed . \" Education Secretary Nicky Morgan promised the election campaign there would be no more \" constant upheaval or constant change \" the next five years . The major changes the exam system and curriculum , announced the previous coalition government , will be implemented the next Parliament . These include phasing a more \" rigorous \" set GCSEs and A-levels , less coursework and modules and a greater emphasis exams the end two years . Tuesday , the education secretary announced the revised grading system GCSEs would have a tougher pass mark present .", "Caterpillar is the world 's largest manufacturer heavy construction equipment . The firm has operations Larne , Newtownabbey and west Belfast . Caterpillar 's Northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and mainly makes diesel generators . The firm has been hit a global downturn mining and oil exploration which has reduced demand its products . It is understood the company may announce cuts its global operations Northern Ireland . It has already axed thousands jobs worldwide last year part a major restructuring programme . 2011 it has shed more 1,000 posts Northern Ireland and moved some work factories China . It is understood night-shifts have been cancelled , staff told to expect official news Thursday . Caterpillar refused to comment any jobs announcement yesterday . But a spokesman added : \" Caterpillar is committed communicating regularly and directly our employees the business environment and any resulting changes \" . Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 MP West Belfast Paul Maskey said yesterday : \" Uncertainty the future Caterpillar 's operations the north will be no doubt distressing workers and their families . \" \" It is vitally important management keep all employees date the latest information as soon possible ,\" he added . The American company bought FG Wilson 1999 . There have been significant manufacturing job losses Northern Ireland the past year , including Michelin , JTI Gallahers and Bombardier .", "An IoD report , Ultrafast Britain , says the UK is lagging many European nations when installing fibre optic cables that enable the fastest broadband connections . It is calling faster broadband access homes and business . A government spokesperson said most UK homes can get \" superfast \" broadband . \" Almost nine ten UK properties has access superfast speeds and 95 % the UK will be reached 2017 ,\" a spokesperson the Department Culture , Media and Sport told the BBC . But the IoD believes the target should be higher and is calling speeds 10 gigabits second ( Gbps ) 2030 , 1,000 times faster the current official aim 10 megabits second ( Mbps ) 2020 . \" Now is the time to set a bold new target genuinely world-beating broadband ,\" said Dan Lewis , senior advisor Infrastructure Policy the IoD , and author the report . \" We have the leading internet economy the G20 , and yet download speeds are mediocre and the coverage fibre optic cable is woeful . \" He added : \" Unfortunately , the Government 's current target displays a distinct poverty ambition . \" Mr Lewis said the government needed to look how the UK could provide the physical infrastructure needed to maintain a position \" the forefront digital innovation business \" . IoD members interviewed the report said better broadband speeds could increase their company 's productivity , make them more competitive , and enable them to offer more flexible working their staff . The IoD report comes just days communications watchdog Ofcom said BT must open its cable network and allow competition to improve UK internet connections . Ofcom also said there was a digital divide the UK those the latest technologies , and those . It has proposed decent , affordable broadband should be a universal right . Rivals had called a split BT and its Openreach operation , which runs its cables , fibre and network infrastructure . Companies such Sky , Vodafone and TalkTalk , who pay to use the network , had claimed BT underinvested Openreach , leading a poor service interruptions and slow speeds .", "Fire , police and coastguard teams were called Butley Creek Orford , Suffolk , Wednesday a member the public who had seen the supine figure a man lying the water . The \" body \" turned to be a work art called A Thousand Tides , which has been the site more a year . A Suffolk Police spokesman described the work \" quite realistic \" . Read more Suffolk stories here The sculpture , artist Laurence Edwards , was designed to only be seen low tide and was intended to sink eventually . However , Mr Edwards said it had \" stayed the surface longer it should \" . He said : \" I 've always been a bit worried a helicopter would spot it and want to rescue it . \" To convince someone it 's a real person is a great achievement , I would like to apologise the poor person who called it . \" The sculpture was a parting gift the area Mr Edwards , who had a studio and foundry works nearby 15 years spring 2016 moving Halesworth . Mr Edwards' website says his work \" attempts to do justice the locality and its history , peopling it large figures that have survived the ravages the water and the elements . \" Suffolk Police confirmed they attended Butley Creek , saying : \" Police received a call a member the public reporting what they believed to be a body the river . \" The fire service and coastguard were also called to assist , but a short while later this was actually confirmed to be a sculpture . \" A Thousand Tides is reminiscent Antony Gormley 's Another Place installation Crosby beach Merseyside , which depicts 100 bronze figures looking the Irish Sea .", "Adrian Simut , 35 , travelled Newport train station , where he thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl called Sam . But he was confronted so-called \" paedophile hunters \" and later arrested , Newport Crown Court was told . He admitted attempting to incite a child to engage sexual activity and meeting a child online grooming . He also pleaded guilty an earlier hearing attempting to cause a child to watch a sexual act . The court heard Simut started messaging the teenager an online chat room June , saying she looked \" cute and beautiful \" . But she was fact an adult belonging a group called Petronus . The operation was captured film the BBC Wales Week Week programme , which investigated the role paedophile hunters Wales . The court heard Romanian national Simut arranged to meet \" Sam \" Newport and suggested she bring a friend sexual activity . Sentencing him , Judge Michael Fitton QC said : \" You were the subject an exchange conducted those who are looking to attract paedophiles . \" He was also made the subject an indefinite sexual harm prevention order . Paedophile hunting groups have drawn criticism both the Home Office and police , who have said it was inappropriate the public to conduct undercover work . They have urged anyone information to instead pass it them instead .", "Shepherd Murombedzi caught the hosts cold to play Harry White and the former Barnsley forward made no mistake to fire Solihull front nine minutes . White could have made it comfortable Solihull just the break , but he was unable to hit the target George Carline 's neat flick put him . Bromley were left frustrated Brandon Hanlan and Mark Goldberg squandered decent chances . And Solihull were left clinging when debutant Daniel Udoh picked two yellow cards to be sent five minutes remaining - just eight minutes coming the bench . Report supplied the Press Association Match ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Second Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Joe Anderson ( Bromley ) is shown the yellow card a bad foul . Jack Byrne ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card a bad foul . Liam Daly ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card a bad foul . Substitution , Bromley . Bradley Goldberg replaces Blair Turgott . Oladapo Afolayan ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card a bad foul . Substitution , Bromley . Jordan Wynter replaces Lee Minshull . George Carline ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card a bad foul . Jordan Higgs ( Bromley ) is shown the yellow card . Substitution , Solihull Moors . Oladapo Afolayan replaces Regan Charles-Cook . Substitution , Bromley . Louis Dennis replaces Connor Dymond . Second Half begins Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . First Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Goal ! Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Harry White ( Solihull Moors ) . First Half begins . Lineups are announced and players are warming .", "The ex-Cabinet Minister lost his Yeovil seat May 's general election 14 years the constituency member . Mr Laws , 49 , will serve executive chairman Centre Forum but is still considering various job opportunities two months on his defeat . He described himself not suited \" navel gazing and endless holidays \" . his first full interview the election , the former Minster the Cabinet Office , Minister Schools and Chief Secretary the Treasury described his dismay the \" tsunami sweeping away lots Lib Dem MPs \" 8 May . \" I was extremely disappointed and upset people my staff who 've worked my office years and years . I was very sorry their behalf ,\" he said . \" I suppose it [ the scale the defeat ] meant it did n't feel quite as personal\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 when you see all your colleagues being knocked ninepins then it feels something that it 's much more difficult to do anything . \" But the disappointment was clear to see the former investment banker shunned the media scrum and left the count barely a word reporters . Having been integral the negotiations that led the formation the coalition government 2010 , he had been \" hoping and expecting \" to do the same again . Instead , he went home to sleep . His new job Centre Forum , a liberal policy think-tank , will take two days a week but he hopes to have a full-time plan the end the summer . \" I 've already got one role chairman which I 'm very pleased it will allow me to take forward my interest education and education policy , and I 've been talking other people other work I may do next ,\" he said . But that plan will not include standing election again . \" I 'd already got the view serving four terms parliament , had I been re-elected May this year , would have been about the right amount time to do ,\" he said . \" I do n't think MPs should go forever and I think it 's not therefore likely I would stand again a member parliament . \" the loss the Yeovil seat the Conservatives , he remains optimistic the seat being recaptured his party . \" areas Yeovil where we have had big and strong base the local government level and a national presence many years I would think there 's every chance we can win the Yeovil constituency the next general election 2020 and I 'll do everything I can to support our new candidate to become the next MP . \"", "One skeleton was found earlier this week , but now nine graves have been uncovered . The remains are the process being exhumed the area previously used the venue 's mini conference room . They are thought to be a Quaker burial ground that existed the Royal Pavilion Estate was built . Alan Robins , chair Brighton and Hove City Council 's tourism , development and culture committee said : \" The remains are now being carefully exhumed and will be examined to determine more the deceased being re-buried or cremated . \" He added the Royal Pavilion Estate site had \" so many strong historic links \" and the find is \" another important addition the city 's rich cultural story \" . Darryl Palmer Archaeology South-East , which is managing the dig site , said : \" This is a significant find that shines a light an important historical moment the city . The Quaker meeting house and cemetery the Dome is recorded the Bishop 's map 1803 and absent the OS town plan 1876 . \" The best clue when worship and burial ceased is when the Quaker meeting house moved the current location Meeting House Lane 1805 . \" A spokesperson Brighton Quakers said they were \" excited \" the news \" We have known a long time the burial ground being used 1700 1805 but did not know any Quakers were left buried there . \" The work the Corn Exchange is part a project to restore the Royal Pavilion Estate buildings and gardens . It is expected to finish the end 2018 .", "Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy , Bae Cinmel , am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth . Dywedodd Heddlu Gogledd Cymru fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd . Mae chwech o griwiau t\u00e2n o'r Rhyl , Prestatyn , Bae Colwyn ac Abergele yn bresennol . Mewn datganiad dywedodd Gwasanaeth T\u00e2n ac Achub Gogledd Cymru : \" Ry'n ni'n gofyn i'r cyhoedd osgoi'r ardal os oedd modd . \" Mae nifer o adeiladau yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle . \" Mae disgwyl i'r gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa . \"", "Homeowners hit the flooding December can apply \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 the government 's Future Flood Prevention Funding scheme . Figures seen the BBC show only 13 people have applied the money . Rachael Maskell , Labour MP York Central , said she had received complaints accessing the fund . \" The form filling is incredibly complicated and that 's where people have been struggling ,\" she said . \" It 's putting a lot people . \" Hundreds homes and businesses were flooded the city the Rivers Foss and Ouse burst their banks . The scheme is administered City York Council and requires a survey to be carried the flooded property funding can be applied . The council said 360 private homes were eligible the grant . The authority added : \" We very much welcome grant applications but know this can take time people wait quotes and loss adjustor reports . \" We 're appointing a case worker to help residents and businesses the application process . \"", "Sarah Johnson was one 21 women heading Liverpool when their minibus was hit a lorry the M62 . Her friend Bethany Jones , 18 , was killed Ms Johnson and several others were badly hurt . Minibus driver James Johnson was jailed more six years causing Bethany 's death , April 2013 . Ms Johnson , who broke her shoulder , back and pelvis , said the help she received a charity hospital led her to want to support others . Speaking publicly the first time the crash , Ms Johnson described how everyone was \" excited and giddy \" the hen party . \" me the impact was just a massive explosion ,\" she said . \" I thought the bus had blown . \" I remember the bus dropping its side . The next thing , I woke the roadside I 'd actually come the window . \" Ms Johnson was taken Leeds General Infirmary where she , Bethany 's sister Amy Firth , underwent major surgery and spent time intensive care . she was there she got support charity Day One , which helps victims major trauma . She said : \" It 's absolutely fantastic . \" It supports people giving benefit advice , legal advice and peer support such me and Amy , who have been similar situations and who are now helping other people who 've suffered major trauma . \" Ms Johnson said the crash had made her realise how lucky she had been . \" Beth ca n't complain , she 's not here ,\" she added . \" We just have to be grateful what we 've got . \"", "The detentions come less a week a visit Cuba Pope Francis . Most the activists were members the predominantly Catholic dissident group , Ladies White . They walked the streets Havana holding pictures political prisoners , they were rounded police . According Cuba 's main dissident website , 14yMedio , members Ladies White and activists other opposition groups were handcuffed and pushed police cars and buses Sunday afternoon . A number them were released hours later , it said . Cuba says the protesters are financed right-wing American groups to destabilise the government . Cuban dissidents are planning to protest the Pope 's visit the island , which begins Saturday . They have accused the Cuban Catholic Church becoming too cosy the government Raul Castro and failing to speak human rights abuses . \" The Church should be concerned this or any time human rights are involved . It 's their duty ,\" said Jose Daniel Ferrer , head leading dissident group Patriotic Union Cuba . He told the Reuters news agency he was handcuffed and taken a police station Sunday 's protest . Police later dropped him a bus terminal , he said . The Cuban Catholic Church says it defends the respect human rights but cannot take individual political causes . Pope Francis played a key role facilitating the historic negotiations Cuba and the United States , which led diplomatic relations being restored more five decades hostilities . Senior Cuban and American officials met secrets months the Vatican Presidents Barack Obama and Raul Castro surprised the world last December announcing they had agreed to mend relations .", "Just 46,000 vehicles were registered north the border - a year-on-year increase more 2.7 % . However , UK sales increased 5.3 % almost 519,000 - the strongest month recorded 1999 . March is typically the biggest month , accounting a fifth the year 's car registrations . Last month saw Vauxhall retain its position market leader Scotland , more 10,000 units sold . The Vauxhall Corsa remained the most popular new car , the Ford Fiesta had a strong month and moved the number two spot the year date . The figures were compiled the Society Motor Manufacturers and Traders . Top Scottish sellers March 1. Vauxhall Corsa 2,575 2. Ford Fiesta 1,772 3. Vauxhall Astra 1,249 4. Ford Focus 1,126 5. Volkswagen Polo 1,077 Source : SMMT Scottish Motor Trade Association chief executive Sandy Burgess said : \" All areas have experienced growth the exception Dumfries and Galloway and Strathclyde . \" The reductions however are minimal and the fantastic growth 2015 numbers elsewhere , we have come this critical sales period well ahead the year date . \" We have been aware some dealers who were experiencing new vehicle delivery issues the end the month , and this may well have had a small but noticeable negative effect . \" The rest the UK continues to show stronger growth but we have mentioned previously this may not all be down sales specific manufacturers and dealers taking tactical decisions registrations . \"", "Six incidents have been reported police 3 and 13 February . all the cases , two or three men have targeted foreign national tourists an attempt to steal money - succeeding two occasions . The men , who are described southern European , claimed to be police officers demanding to search the victims . Police Scotland said the first incident took place about 13:20 3 February the Grassmarket , when a Chilean man was approached a man who asked him to take his photograph . The pair were then approached two suspects who claimed to be police officers and then demanded to search them . The two police impersonators then got a silver or grey Seat hatchback and drove away and the other man walked the Grassmarket . Officers said the Chilean man later realised a three-figure sum money had been stolen him . 13 February , two Chinese tourists lost a four-figure sum cash when they were targeted a similar scam Market Street . They were approached two men who showed them ID and said they were undercover police officers . Other incidents happened Chambers Street , Castle Street , and the Calton Hill area . There was one incident 3 February , one 11 February and four 13 February . Sgt Mark Hamilton , Police Scotland , said : \" These men are purposely targeting tourists who are visiting the city centre a bid to steal money them . \" Impersonating a police officer is not only inappropriate , it is illegal . We would advise you are stopped someone claiming to be a Police Scotland officer , request their collar number and ask to see a warrant card . \" All our officers are happy to provide this information the public and it should be offered readily . \"", "\" CETA is done and we will not reopen it ,\" said EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom . Ms Malmstrom was speaking EU trade ministers met Slovakia to discuss CETA and a similar deal the US , TTIP , which has also faced criticism . A draft CETA deal has been agreed , but parliaments could still delay it . Thousands activists protested CETA and TTIP Germany Saturday and thousands more Brussels - the EU 's headquarters - Tuesday . Activists fear the deals could water European standards the key areas workers' rights , public health and the environment . There is also great anxiety proposed special courts where investors will be able to sue governments they feel legislation hurts their business unfairly . Critics say the mere existence such courts - an alternative national courts - will have a \" chilling \" effect policymakers , leading slacker regulation the environment and welfare . Would CETA be a good model the UK ? European Parliament briefing CETA TTIP : The EU-US trade deal explained Are US-Europe TTIP trade talks tanking ? Ms Malmstrom said CETA would dominate Friday 's meeting Bratislava . The Commission hopes the deal can be signed Canada the end October , it can then go the European Parliament ratification . But it will also need to be ratified national parliaments the EU . \" What we are discussing the Canadians is we should make some clarifications , a declaration we can cover some those concerns ,\" Ms Malmstrom said . She acknowledged fears some countries politicians might see their \" the right to regulate \" diluted . \" Maybe that [ right ] needs to be even clearer a declaration ,\" she said , admitting the CETA negotiations were still \" difficult \" . Karoline Graswander-Hainz , an Austrian Socialist MEP , said the EU 's top court - the European Court Justice - must first examine the proposed Investment Court System ( ICS ) to check its legality . CETA holds \" great risks \" Europe , she warned , adding some her fellow MEPs thought likewise . German Vice-Chancellor and Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel called CETA \" a model future deals \" . But he was pessimistic TTIP . \" The Americans were not prepared to make Europe offers that Canada made , and so there will definitely not be a [ TTIP ] deal this year ,\" he said . Supporters CETA and TTIP say such deals could set global trade standards , warning failure could mean China setting the standards . CETA and TTIP promise to remove tariffs and non-tariff barriers , boosting growth both sides the Atlantic , free trade advocates say .", "Media playback is unsupported your device 21 October 2014 Last updated 21:36 BST Steven Ward made 24 galleons chocolate , Maltesers doubling replica cannon balls . The creations will mark the 209th anniversary the battle the Napoleonic Wars . The ships will be paraded the dining hall HMS Nelson Portsmouth the Trafalgar Day dinner .", "Patrick Ewing , 66 , collapsed his home Oakham , Rutland , and was given resuscitation his partner , Yvonne Ainsworth . Paramedics used a defibrillator to shock Mr Ewing to restore his normal heart rhythm almost an hour . East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) said only about 8 % patients survived a cardiac arrest hospital . Andy Swinburn , EMAS , said : \" Patrick 's case is extremely rare . His heart muscle was very unstable , which lead a repeated cardiac arrest meaning the crew had to shock him 17 times . \" Mr Ewing said : \" It 's an astonishing thing to tip the edge and be hauled back again . \" What they did me might of just been part their day job but they worked so hard to keep me going . I will forever be grateful . \"", "The 23 year-old stroked the GB boat a fast start and they were ahead 500m but European champions , Romania and New Zealand proved too strong . The Romanians came top , the British eight comfortably holding the challenge the Netherlands The GB eight now prepare the World Championships Sarasota September . There was no medal success Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon the women 's quadruple sculls . Nixon and her GB team mates Bethany Bryan , Alice Baatz and Mathilda Hodgkins-Byrne , were always the pace and finished fifth a race won Poland .", "Eight-year-old Garfield , who makes the trip Sainsbury 's Ely Cambridgeshire a daily basis , has his own Facebook page created fans . Owner David Willers posted a message asking shoppers to lay the treats a vet found Garfield , who weighs 6.6kg ( one stone ) , was overweight . \" Everyone loves him ,\" Mr Willers said . \" The other day when it was cold and he stayed indoors , a member Sainsbury 's staff messaged me to ask where he was , which was very sweet . \" He brings more customers the shop - people tell me they go and shop there just to see him . \" Garfield 's Facebook page was set last summer a couple who had spotted him the shop , and is now run Mr Willers . \" We worry him crossing the road , but we do n't really get any negative comments his habits ,\" he said . \" We live about a four-minute walk away Sainsbury 's but Garfield knows all the shortcuts so can get there quicker that . \"", "Evans gave the Bantams the lead style early on he curled home 20 yards the bottom corner . The Shripmers fought back and Ryan Leonard forced Bradford goalkeeper Ben Williams a fine save a fierce effort long-range . The hosts almost restored parity when Tyrone Barnett volleyed the crossbar but Bradford held .", "Solly Msimanga , the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , said the vehicles would instead be given a police anti-hijack unit . However , he will continue to use the luxury car used the previous mayor . The DA took control Tshwane , a metropolitan area including the capital Pretoria , the African National Congress ( ANC ) local elections . Mr Msimanga said no more luxury cars would be bought his leadership . He took the governing ANC , which lost control the capital the first time 1994 , last month . More this and other African stories Four things South Africa election The ANC bought 10 new BMW 3 series vehicles , which are yet to be delivered , 5 million rand ($ 356,000 ; \u00a3 266,000 ) , local reports say . The cars were meant members the mayoral council , the ANC said to be confident it would retain control the municipality the elections . He will still use a BMW 5 series car he inherited the previous mayor , reports the IOL website . Mr Msimanga 's spokesman Matthew Gerstner told the BBC this vehicle could not \" be dispensed it 's been bought and paid already and treasury regulations prohibit that \" . He added : \" But , as soon he can replace it , he will , a sensible , low-cost vehicle \" . Mr Msimango says the DA-led coalition government wanted to embark cost-cutting measures . He said a statement : \" No new luxury cars will be bought or leased politicians \u201a and vehicles currently owned Tshwane require replacement \u201a sensible and low-cost vehicles will be procured . \" I will not allow public money to be spent luxury cars \u201a our people struggle services \u201a houses and jobs . \" A Hyundai i20 or Toyota Corolla can do the same job a politician an expensive sedan . \" The ANC national government has been criticised wasteful expenditure , South Africans will be closely watching what the opposition do differently the key urban areas they won the August elections , says the BBC 's Pumza Fihlani Johannesburg . South Africans will be keen to see the opposition , which has now only run one province , will be able to make good its ambitious election promises , our correspondent says .", "The turkey firm was sold the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan Tuesday . There had been fears the new owners would not take the existing workers' pension scheme . But Unite regional officer Steve Harley said : \" We had productive talks and we were given guarantees all current agreements will be honoured . \" Unite said it understood the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed 2004 and its members presently have an alternative pension scheme which is unaffected the takeover . The Boparan Private Office , the \" chicken king \" Mr Boparan 's private investment , confirmed the current pension arrangements Bernard Matthews would continue the new ownership . Mr Harley met representatives Boparan the Great Witchingham headquarters . He said : \" It was made clear the new owner wishes to restore Bernard Matthews its former position a highly profitable business . \" This would be achieved greater investment the business , cost savings and utilising the present spare capacity Bernard Matthews to process chicken and not just turkeys . \"", "The man , named state media Ji Zhongxing , 34 , central Shandong province , was injured and taken hospital . No-one else was hurt the blast , which filled part the Terminal 3 arrivals hall smoke . An online microblog attributed the man says the explosion was to protest his ill-treatment Chinese police . The blog suggests his lower body was paralyzed he was alleged to have been heavily beaten security agents southern China 2005 . Mr Ji , who is alleged to have been operating an unlicensed motorbike taxi service , was also apparently dissatisfied the way his complaints the authorities had been dealt . State news agency Xinhua said he detonated the device - a package gunpowder taken fireworks - being prevented distributing leaflets . Photos posted China 's Weibo microblogging site showed a dark-haired man waving a white package the air the explosion . Later images the airport showed the wheelchair its side officials treating him the floor . Smoke drifted the terminal the blast , which occurred shortly 18:30 ( 10:30 GMT ) one the arrival gates . Xinhua showed several medical workers providing emergency treatment , police officers also the scene . Officials say order has been restored the airport and there is no disruption flights .", "The tanker hit the central reservation halfway junction 32 Coryton and junction 33 , Cardiff West , about 17:45 GMT Monday . The westbound carriageway was closed junction 30 , Cardiff Gate , and one lane was also closed eastbound . One person has been taken the Royal Glamorgan Hospital Llantrisant . Their condition was not known . The Welsh Ambulance Service said other people involved the crash were not injured . There were long queues both directions following the crash , but traffic has since eased . Diversions remain place . South Wales Police advised motorists to avoid the area the rest the night . The Welsh Ambulance Service sent two rapid response vehicles , one ambulance and a doctor but an air ambulance could not be sent the weather conditions . Two fire engines and one rescue tender South Wales Fire and Rescue Service remained the scene late Monday evening to assist police . Check this is affecting your journey", "The facility , based the town 's Crichton estate , is due to open the next 12 months . The centre will be used primarily to research ways to improve responses weather-related emergencies such flooding . A report the council 's policy and resources committee will give a full update progress date . Initially the facility will have six staff . Last month , the Scottish government gave assurances plans to develop the centre remained track . It followed concerns Dumfriesshire Labour MSP Elaine Murray the pace progress the project , it was first announced August last year . A report the council says it is essential the renewed impetus is maintained . that end working groups are being set , and council and government officials are exploring the best location and office arrangements the centre .", "The Windsor attraction has been busy half term . One visitor told the BBC his family queued more two hours they tried to leave the park . Legoland said it had spent more \u00c2 \u00a3 10,000 the last year developing alternative entrance and exit routes . Windsor and Maidenhead Borough Council said road signs had been altered recently to prevent traffic travelling the centre Windsor . \" The problem is Legoland is very popular ,\" said councillor Colin Rayner , cabinet member transport . \" I 'll be working very closely the park to ensure the system we 've developed is working . We want to support them it does bring a lot employment and business the area . \" Ian Calkin , Croydon , took his two children the park Wednesday . \" We left 6pm when the park closed and were ready to go 10 minutes later ,\" he said . \" But , we did n't get the car park barriers to scan our exit pass well eight o'clock . \" It was then another 30 minutes we hit the main roads . \" Legoland said it had worked incredibly hard the council recent years traffic management and would continue to do so . \" We understand a delayed exit the car park would be frustrating ,\" a spokesman said . \" We have employed a number additional staff to help and provided guests instructions to turn right the park to utilise the new routes . \"", "Acorn Park Care Home East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire , was warned it must make a \" significant improvement \" . not , it could face having its registration cancelled . The privately-run home was served a formal improvement notice the Care Inspectorate and given next month to make changes . Seven areas concern were listed an inspection , nutrition and hydration , personal plans service users , environmental safety , staffing and administration drugs all being criticised . A spokesman the Care Inspectorate said : \" Everyone Scotland has the right to safe , compassionate care which meets their needs and respects their rights . \" Where we have concerns , we do not hesitate to take action . \" Our first priority is always the safety and well-being residents and this improvement notice sets what we expect the service to do to ensure the care provided residents improves . \" We will be inspecting this service again soon to ensure progress is being made . \" An Acorn Park spokesman said : \" We are working hard the Care Inspectorate to meet their requirements the timescales set . \"", "Thieves broke the house Intake , Doncaster Thursday , a week Paris Mulholland 's 11th birthday . the letter , she tells the burglars \" how much they hurt me \" , she cries two hours each night , and they had made her \" scared the dark again \" . Paris wrote the letter speaking BBC Radio Sheffield . More this and other stories BBC South Yorkshire Gemma Mulholland said the letter helped her daughter tell the thieves \" how she feels , and how it 's affected her . \" She said : \" I really am super proud her . \" Paris' new iPhone , a laptop she got Christmas , and birthday money was taken her bedroom , as well her grandmother 's gold watch . Cash , jewellery and other items were taken the robbery , Paris' and her younger brother Thomas' belongings . Ms Mulholland said Paris was too upset to sleep her bedroom seeing it ransacked . Lego models were broken and photos taken Paris' phone a recent trip Disneyland may have been lost forever . Paris wrote : \" my burgler [ sic ] . I hope you are happy yourself , I can no longer sleep my own bed [...] \" Why could you not have left when you saw to [ sic ] picture a happy family and when you saw my birthday card , but anyway thank you scaring me so much I cry 2 hours straight nearly every night . \" Ms Mulholland called the thieves \" despicable human beings \" but said the community had rallied round . PC Adam Watkinson South Yorkshire Police said : \" Burglary is a highly intrusive crime which can have a huge impact the victim . this case , a young girl has been left feeling scared and upset her home was broken . \" I would like to reassure Paris and her mum we are doing everything we can to find the person responsible this incident . \" It is totally unacceptable someone should feel scared their own home and lose valuable possessions . \"", "The 16-year-old boy was arrested his home the borough Lewisham suspicion affray intu Bromley . He was treated hospital a minor wound being taken custody . A second 16-year-old boy arrested the scene Saturday suspicion affray and possession a weapon remains custody . Scotland Yard originally said the first person arrested had suffered a minor head injury the incident and \" was believed to be his 20s \" . The force later issued another statement putting his age 16 . \" this stage officers believe he sustained the injury a result an altercation a number youths ,\" it added . Police , who were called 15:45 GMT Saturday reports an injured youth , say they recovered two knives . A photograph taken a member the public appeared to show a machete had been found . Video filmed the scene also appeared to show shoppers fleeing panic .", "Media playback is not supported this device Drogba , 39 , has not played leaving Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact November . He will start a player but has also joined Phoenix 's \" MLS expansion franchise ownership group \" . \" To own a team and be a player the same time is unusual but it 's going to be very exciting ,\" Drogba said . \" It 's a good transition I want to carry playing but I 'm almost 40 and it 's important me to prepare my later career . \" Phoenix have just started their fourth season the Western Conference USL , which forms part the second tier the American league system . The Arizona club hope to become one four planned expansion teams MLS the next three years . \" I had offers China , England - both the Premier League and even the Championship - but they were only a player ,\" Drogba told The Premier League Show . \" This was the right offer it was important me to think playing , I enjoy it , but also to get the next stage my career . \" Drogba scored 157 goals 341 appearances his first spell Chelsea 2004 2012 , winning three Premier League titles and the Champions League . Following moves Shanghai Shenhua China and Turkish side Galatasaray , Drogba returned the Blues the 2014-15 season , scoring seven goals 40 appearances , helping Jose Mourinho 's side the title , 18 months Montreal . He joins former Chelsea team-mate Shaun Wright-Phillips Phoenix , who have one win and two defeats three games this season . \" I 'm still a player but it 's important to respect the decision the manager ,\" added Drogba , who is Ivory Coast 's record goalscorer . \" When we 're the pitch , he 's going to be the one who decides and when we go board meetings , it 's a different thing . \" Watch the full interview Didier Drogba The Premier League show BBC Two Thursday , 13 April ( 22:00 BST ) .", "Media playback is not supported this device Ennis-Hill , 30 , hinted retirement narrowly losing her heptathlon title 21-year-old Belgian Nafissatou Thiam a thrilling contest Rio . Minichiello told the BBC she should \" take two or three months and work exactly what you do want to do \" . \" When she takes that time and makes that decision we 'll move there . \" Next year the World Championships come London , where Ennis-Hill won Olympic gold four years ago , but missing retaining her title 35 points , the Sheffield athlete would not commit continuing . \" It 's going to be a tough decision , I 'm going to go away and think it ,\" she said . \" this moment , I 'm tired and emotional - it 's a big decision . \" Minichiello has coached Ennis-Hill she was 13 , helping her become world champion 2009 , Olympic champion London three years later , and then take gold the 2015 World Championships just 14 months she gave birth her son Reggie . The Sheffield-born coach said it might be time him to \" be selfish \" , should Ennis-Hill retire . \" She clearly wo n't do another Olympic Games 2020 . there are opportunities coming , I need to start having a look that a career going forwards ,\" he continued . \" It will be a bit a decision I have to make myself so maybe it 's time me to be a bit selfish and make some choices me . \" Minichiello said he counted Ennis-Hill 's silver Rio a \" better performance \" her gold London 2012 , but he had \" mixed emotions \" the event . \" you look the progress she 's made , having missed two years heptathlon competition to come back , the progress she 's made is pretty remarkable ,\" he added .", "The 28-year-old 's nine-year-old daughter was also threatened a member the gang , who had a knife . The burglary happened their home the Turf Hill area about 05:30 BST Wednesday , Greater Manchester Police said . The three balaclava-wearing men stole cash , jewellery and a mobile phone fleeing . The offender carrying the gun , said to be a small silver metal handgun , was described Asian , slim and aged 20 and 30 . The man the knife was black , 30 and 40 , a medium build and bloodshot eyes . It is believed they were met three other men the property . Police are now appealing anyone information to contact them . Det Con Rich Shelton said : \" This gang targeted a mum and her young daughter , even stooping as low to hold a gun the head a woman who was clearly heavily pregnant and absolutely terrified . \" Thankfully they were not physically injured and the unborn baby not harmed but the emotional trauma they have suffered is immeasurable . \"", "Kelso , Galashiels , Peebles , Hawick , Selkirk and Eyemouth saw increases but numbers fell Duns and Jedburgh . Figures Melrose also rose sharply compared 2014 but exceptionally low levels were recorded that year \" atrocious weather \" . Councillor Stuart Bell said it was \" pleasing \" to see numbers rising . A survey has been carried the region 2007 . The latest figures were collected September and October 2015 the rise the region higher the Scottish average 2 % . Last year numbers fell 11 % but this was largely blamed the very low levels recorded Melrose . Mr Bell said : \" These figures are only ever going to give us a snapshot a short period time and can fluctuate depending weather , however it is pleasing to see overall average footfall has increased and the figures several towns are particularly encouraging . \" We need to build these increases footfall and the council , partner and community organisations and businesses can all play their part that , making our town centres as attractive possible local shoppers and visitors the Borders . \" This study started 2007 and has effect charted the impact the recession and increase internet shopping our town centres , which largely accounts the 23 % reduction footfall that period . \" He said the issues were not unique the Borders and would remain challenges the longer term .", "Almost completely cut centuries , it has tried to let some aspects the outside world fiercely guarding its ancient traditions . The Bhutanese name Bhutan , Druk Yul , means \" Land the Thunder Dragon \" and it only began to open outsiders the 1970s . The Wangchuck hereditary monarchy has wielded power 1907 . But Bhutan became a two-party parliamentary democracy elections March 2008 . Population 750,000 Area 38,364 sq km ( 14,812 sq miles ) Major language Dzongkha Major religions Buddhism ( official ) , Hinduism Life expectancy 66 years ( men ) , 70 years ( women ) Currency ngultrum Head state : King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck succeeded his father , Jigme Singye Wangchuck , December 2006 the former monarch announced his abdication . His predecessor had already given some his absolute powers 1998 and ruled conjunction the government , an assembly and a royal advisory council . Prime Minister : Tshering Tobgay Tshering Tobgay was elected Bhutan 's second prime minister July 2013 , succeeding Jigme Yozer Thinley . He is president the People 's Democratic Party . He was leader the opposition the National Assembly March 2008 April 2013 . He has projected himself a reformer , rejecting official limousine and prime ministerial accommodation . Television did not come Bhutan 1999 . years , the country cut itself , fearing outside influences would undermine its monarchy and culture . Radio broadcasting began 1973 and the internet arrived 1999 . Some key dates the history Bhutan : 1720 - Chinese imperial army invades and temporarily establishes control Bhutan . 1772-73 - British intervention . 1864-65 - Further intervention Britain . 1907 - Ugyen Wangchuck is chosen hereditary ruler . 1910 - Treaty giving Britain control foreign relations . 1949 - Treaty signed newly-independent India guaranteeing non-interference Bhutan 's internal affairs , but allowing Delhi influence foreign relations . 1958 - Slavery abolished . 1974 - First foreign tourists allowed . 1990 - Thousands Hindus flee Nepal following clashes . 1998 - King cedes some powers national assembly .", "The 47-year-old Kerr , who presently coaches Stirling University 's Lowland League men 's side , will take Finland-bound Anna Signeul June . And Grant believes Kerr can take Scotland greater success . \" She could take any men 's team Scotland my opinion , she is that good a coach ,\" Grant told BBC Scotland . \" Anna 's done fantastic , Shelley has learned her and now she can hand it and Shelley can continue and make the team stronger and better . \" The squad is the strongest it 's been and I think Shelley will take them even further Anna . \" Grant , who is sidelined present a knee injury , is a former team-mate Kerr 's Scotland and Hibernian , where the latter was also a coach . \" It 's a great appointment ,\" said the Motherwell forward . \" I was fortunate enough to play and be coached Shelley . \" She 's great the changing room , she 's a great personality , one the best coaches I 've ever been , so it 's great the game . \" She knows all the players personally and players that makes a massive difference . \" It 's really important we now have a Scottish coach and Shelley deserves it she came the ranks a player and she is also a great role model she had a child the way - Christie Kerr actually plays my team now Motherwell . \" Kerr became the first-ever female head coach senior British football when , three years ago , she took charge Stirling University the Lowland League , the new feeder league the Scottish Professional Football League . \" She is just a great role model to have the Scottish game , she 's been involved the men 's game , which a fantastic step her , and anyone deserves the role now , it is definitely Shelley ,\" Grant added . Kerr not only led Stirling University , who currently sit fourth the league table , a British Universities Championship final , she also completed a MSc sports management . a university statement , the former Arsenal Ladies manager said : \" I have no doubt the academic education I received will be great benefit my new role as well the future and beyond . \" Stirling University director sport Cathy Gallagher paid tribute Kerr , who will remain charge the end their season . \" Shelley 's tenure , the University Stirling has established its position the top British university football and the Scottish non-league game ,\" she said .", "Choupo-Moting , 28 , is their fourth signing the summer Darren Fletcher , Kurt Zouma and Josh Tymon . \" Eric has been our radar several years and we actually tried to bring him the club four years ago ,\" chief executive Tony Scholes said . Stoke open their Premier League season a trip Everton Saturday . Choupo-Moting , who has also played Hamburg and Mainz , has made 200 Bundesliga appearances and played the Champions League Schalke . A former Germany youth international , he switched international allegiance Cameroon 2010 . He represented the Indomitable Lions the 2010 World Cup South Africa and has won 48 caps , scoring 13 goals . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "The SNP 's John Wallace won the Ayr East ward the vote Thursday . Turnout the by-election was 34.4 % , 4,006 votes cast an electorate 11,638 . The by-election was called following the resignation Corri Wilson , who was elected SNP MP Ayr , Carrick and Cumnock earlier this year .", "The seven men had been given six-year jail sentences an earthquake devastated the medieval town L'Aquila 2009 , killing 309 people . The verdict triggered alarm , some saying science itself had been put trial . Monday an appeals court cleared the group the manslaughter charges . Judge Fabrizia Ida Francabandera ruled there was no case to answer . \" The credibility Italy 's entire scientific community has been restored ,\" said Stefano Gresta , the president the National Institute Geophysics and Volcanology . The seven men - all leading scientists or disaster experts - had been members a committee convened L'Aquila March 2009 following a series tremors the region . Days they met , a 6.3 magnitude quake struck the town the middle the night . Many L'Aquila's medieval buildings were destroyed , and some locals blamed the disaster committee not providing adequate advice . Prosecutors the subsequent trial said the experts had offered falsely reassuring information residents . According Reuters , they noted one committee member had said there was \" no danger \" the tremors . Following the guilty verdicts , more 5,000 scientists signed an open letter Italian President Giorgio Napolitano support the experts . Many argued the convictions represented a fundamental misunderstanding earthquake science . Monday 's decision to overturn the verdicts came a month-long appeal process . The prosecution can still seek to have the original verdicts reinstated a higher court .", "US experts found B3 , also known nicotinamide , boosts the ability immune cells to kill Staphylococcus bacteria . B3 increases the numbers and efficacy neutrophils , white blood cells that can kill and eat harmful bugs . The study , the Journal Clinical Investigation , could lead a \" major change treatment \" , a UK expert said . B3 was tested Staphylococcal infections , such the potentially fatal MRSA ( Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) . Such infections are found hospitals and nursing homes , but are also the rise prisons , the military and athletes . The scientists used extremely high doses B3 - far higher that obtained dietary sources - their tests , carried both animals and human blood . And the researchers say there is as yet no evidence dietary B3 or supplements could prevent or treat bacterial infections . The researchers say B3 appears to be able to \" turn \" certain antimicrobial genes , boosting the immune cells' killing power . Prof Adrian Gombart , Oregon State University 's Linus Pauling Institute , who worked the research , said : \" This is potentially very significant , we still need to do human studies . \" Antibiotics are wonder drugs , but they face increasing problems resistance various types bacteria , especially Staphylococcus aureus . \" This could give us a new way to treat Staph infections that can be deadly , and might be used combination current antibiotics . \" It 's a way to tap the power the innate immune system and stimulate it to provide a more powerful and natural immune response . \" Prof Mark Enright , the University Bath , said : \" Neutrophils are really the front line infections the blood and the use nicotinamide seems safe this dose to use patients it is already licensed use . \" This could cause a major change treatment infections conventional antibiotics to help bolster patients immune system . \" I would like to see patient clinical trials but cannot see why this could n't be used straight away infected patients . \"", "The review 22 abuse cases Northern Ireland criticised the authorities not doing enough . The young people went missing a number times a 20-month period being looked the care system . The Police Service Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) said it has recently made policy changes aimed keeping children safe . September 2013 , the PSNI said it had begun a major investigation the sexual exploitation children and young people who had gone missing care Northern Ireland . Officers said they had identified 22 people , aged 13 and 18 , who may have been sexually exploited . The PSNI investigation was known was Operation Owl . Thursday 's report , examining the PSNI response , has been published the Safeguarding Board Northern Ireland . It said PSNI officers were effective locating the teenagers and returning them the care system . However , it found they failed to properly examine the extent the child sexual exploitation taking place and their attempts to find and stop the abusers was - the words the review - \" limited and inconsistent \" . there is praise the help offered some staff residential care homes , Stormont 's Health Minister Simon Hamilton said the report shows not enough support was given to protect the teenagers harm or the risk harm . He said the review had identified \" a significant gap \" knowledge perpetrators child sexual exploitation . The head the PSNI 's Public Protection Branch , Det Ch Supt George Clarke said following Operation Owl , the PSNI has \" implemented a number changes our approach handling this issue to ensure we are doing everything we can to keep children and young people safe \" . \" Indeed , April this year , the PSNI formed the Public Protection Branch which is now responsible policy and practice relation a number areas including child sexual exploitation . \" The new structures enable us to work closely our partner agencies a much more cohesive way before to ensure better protection and safeguarding children and young people . \" The office said the PSNI has also revised its Missing Persons Protocol , a joint policy the health and social care authorities . \" This protocol is designed to support effective collaborative safeguarding responses the PSNI and social services respect children who run away or go missing their homes or care placements and builds developments our knowledge and experience ,\" Mr Clarke added . Last year , a separate review the issue concluded sexual exploitation was a growing threat young people Northern Ireland . That report also said some abusers were thought to have links paramilitary groups .", "A judge is considering to charge the star the incident , which was filmed and went viral . He will spend the night detention and investigations will continue Wednesday , a BBC reporter says . Olomide has denied assault , he has since apologised his behaviour . The Kenyan authorities deported the 60-year-old rumba singer and three his dancers Saturday DR Congo 's capital , Kinshasa , following a public outcry the incident . The BBC 's Poly Muzalia Kinshasa says police officers arrived the singer 's home early Tuesday morning and took him custody . He was handcuffed , put a police car and then taken a court where a judge is considering he should be put trial . His lawyer , Landry Tanganyi , told the BBC Olomide , one Africa 's most popular musicians , should not be detained overnight he was not a flight risk . However , Olomide left the courthouse police escort and will spend the night the police station , our reporter says . The Congolese musician has been similar trouble the past :", "Wayne Maycock , Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were last seen HMP Leyhill about 16:45 GMT Sunday . Avon and Somerset Police has appealed anyone who sees them , or knows their whereabouts , to make contact . HMP Leyhill South Gloucestershire is the only minimum-security prison the South West . Headley was sentenced 2006 rape and robbery , Maycock was jailed the same year GBH , Bromwich was sentenced 2001 rape . Earlier , the police force suggested all three were convicted rape but this information was later amended . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" Public protection is our top priority . We take absconds custody extremely seriously . We are working closely the police and are urgently investigating this incident . \" According Avon and Somerset Police : Leyhill , Wotton-under-Edge , is a category D prison housing more 500 inmates , including some life sentences .", "\" I have to work Ikea - make furniture interior design , architecture ,\" he told BBC Radio 1 . He said students would be particularly keen him to create \" a minimalist apartment inside a college dorm \" . \" Yo Ikea , allow Kanye to create , allow him to make this thing you know what , I want a bed that he makes , I want a chair that he makes . \" West was pictured visiting Ikea 's head office Almhult , south Sweden , earlier this year . He has previously collaborated British fashion designer Katie Eary who has , turn , created a series textiles and tableware Ikea . The company has so far declined to comment a possible tie-in West , who has a sideline designing clothes and shoes . Its ethos providing affordable goods would chime West 's ambition to make his own products more affordable . The star 's interview Annie Mac also covered his headline set the 2015 Glastonbury festival . He said a musical error the beginning made him forget his lyrics , knock-on effects the rest the set . \" It was incredible . I started the show and I completely messed the music . And me , you can imagine this phone call , I 'm a bit a perfectionist . So it really put me a slightly depressed state and it put me back the position when I was high school and I got fired my job . \" I do n't usually get nervous , I prepare , I get fully prepared . When that music messed the beginning it tapped my nerves and when you 're nervous or vulnerable something special and something different can happen . \" And he discussed his political ambitions , previously declaring he would run president 2020 . \" When I talk the idea being president , I 'm not saying I have any political views ,\" said the 39-year-old . \" I just have a view humanity , people , the truth . \" We are numb , we 're numb 500 kids getting killed Chicago a year , we 're numb the fact it was seven police shootings the beginning July . \" there is anything that I can do my time and my day , to somehow make a difference I 'm alive I 'm going to try to do it . \" You can hear the full interview 19:00 BST Annie Mac 's Radio 1 show . Follow us Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , Instagram bbcnewsents , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "BAA said the problem had been caused a hardware fault which saw the check-in desks and boarding screens fail almost three hours . Edinburgh Airport said there was \" congestion \" passengers had to be checked manually 07:30 . Flights were also delayed passengers did not know which gates to go . The problem was fixed about 10:00 . A man the airport told the BBC Scotland news website he was delayed the airport about an hour . He said : \" My flight did n't leave 10am the computers were down . There were queues the check-in desks and people did n't know where to board their flights . \" There was massive disruption . \" A BAA spokesman said : \" We had a slight issue this morning the network which meant we lost some computer services . \" It did not cause any cancellations or any great delays , but it did cause some queuing the check area 7am and 9am . \" Our team were it and , following investigation , it was found to be a hardware fault that was sorted quickly . \" He added : \" We saw some flights delayed about half an hour , and congestion the check-in area which was cleared as soon the fault was fixed . \"", "Police said the 14-year-old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment . He was later discharged hospital and is recovering home . The incident happened Holywood , County Down , Saturday . The PSNI said the tablets were \" as yet unidentified \" but warned the \" potential dangers \" they posed . The 17-year-old , has been charged possessing a Class A controlled drug intent to supply ; possessing a Class B controlled drug intent to supply ; possession a Class A controlled drug ; possession a Class B controlled drug and supplying a Class A controlled drug . He is due to appear Newtownards Youth Court 14 February .", "The move was announced President Thein Sein , who earlier rejected UN calls an independent inquiry . The clashes Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims also displaced thousands people . The UN welcomed the inquiry , saying it could make \" important contributions \" restoring peace . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's spokesman said it could create a \" conducive environment a more inclusive way forward to tackle the underlying causes the violence , including the condition the Muslim communities Rakhine \" . What sparked the violence June ? The rape and murder a young Buddhist woman Rakhine May set a chain deadly religious clashes Why was a state emergency declared ? To allow the military to take administrative control the region Who are the Rohingyas ? The UN describes them a persecuted religious and linguistic minority western Burma . The Burmese government says they are relatively recent migrants the Indian sub-continent . Bangladesh already hosts several hundred thousand refugees Burma and says it cannot take any more Q & A : Rakhine unrest Rohingyas recount terror Burma profile A statement Thein Sein 's website said Friday the 27-member commission would include representatives different political parties and also religious organisations . It said the commission would submit its findings next month . The violence Rakhine state began late May when a Buddhist woman was raped and murdered three Muslims . A mob later killed 10 Muslims retaliation , they were unconnected the earlier incident . Sectarian clashes spread the state , houses both Buddhists and Muslims being burnt . The UNHCR has said 80,000 people have been displaced and the Sittwe and Maungdaw the violence . There is long-standing tension Rakhine people , who are Buddhist and make the majority the state 's population , and Muslims . Most these Muslims identify themselves Rohingya , a group that originated part Bengal , now called Bangladesh .", "The University Essex study 712 Italian-American mafia members the 1960s showed their income had risen 7.5-8.5 % extra year education . Those involved complex crimes such charging exorbitant rates loans or extortion saw three times the boost those who committed violent crimes . But , average , the 712 left education a year earlier other white men a similar age their neighbourhoods . \" Criminal careers are known to start very early and are likely to be interwoven schooling choices ,\" the study says . Lead researcher Prof Giovanni Mastrobuoni said education tended to have a protective effect getting involved crime , but he added : \" It is also true you decide to be a criminal it 's better to be a better-educated one . \" The study says : \" Private returns education exist not only legitimate but also the illegitimate activities that imply a sufficient degree complexity ,\" \" Mobster returns ( terms income ) a year schooling are 7.5 8.5 % , compared 9-10 % the neighbour sample . \" Moreover , mobsters who , according the Federal Bureau Narcotics records , were involved white-collar crimes that require running an illegal business ( ie racketeering , loan sharking , bootlegging et cetera ) we found returns education that are about three times as large those who are involved violent crimes ( ie robberies , murders et cetera ).\"", "Wigan have paid \" excess \u00a3 200,000 \" Tomkins , who they sold New Zealand Warriors a reported world record fee about \u00a3 700,000 2013 . Tomkins , 26 , will return the 2016 Super League season . \" I am really happy to have this sorted and to be returning home Wigan ,\" he told the club 's website . \" All my friends and family live Wigan , a lot them play Wigan . It really was a no-brainer me . \" It 's been a fantastic experience to test myself the NRL but the reality is I am 13,000 miles away my friends and family . \" Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan added BBC Radio Manchester : \" He 's back Wigan which is where he is meant to be . \" The Super League club had first refusal Tomkins , who leaves New Zealand a year remaining the three-year deal he initially signed . The move reunites Tomkins his two brothers - forward Joel , 28 , and hooker Logan , 22 - who have both been regulars the Wigan team this season . Tomkins links again head coach Shaun Wane whom he is very close - the 50-year-old coached him the youth age groups the Warriors and they kept regular contact when he moved Auckland . As well being linked a move rugby union , he played a one-off match the 15-man code the Barbarians Australia 2013 , Salford owner Marwan Koukash said they would consider an offer him . Media playback is not supported this device scoring five tries his first-team debut a 19-year-old 2008 , Tomkins was a prolific scorer the Warriors , scoring 144 tries 152 appearances . He won a domestic double the Challenge Cup and Grand Final 2013 . Tomkins had an encouraging first season the NRL and was the top 15 players tries , try assists and tackle breaks but has featured just twice this campaign a knee injury .", "Thomas Sargent was his Yamaha Fazer motorbike Bolton Road , Withnell , Sunday afternoon when he was involved a collision a Volvo car . He was airlifted the Royal Preston Hospital , where he later died . His family described him a \" quiet , enthusiastic , caring and loving man \" a \" real passion motorcycles \" . Paying tribute , they said : \" He had just celebrated his 21st birthday touring Europe his Yamaha motorbike . \" He died doing something he loved and is now peace and resting his Grandma . He will be dearly missed everybody that knew him and will never be forgotten . \" Police are urging witnesses the collision to get touch .", "The 37-year-old made 64 appearances his country , including three the 2006 World Cup , and is Poland 's most-capped goalkeeper . Boruc has been mainly used a back-up keeper Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny recent years . \" It has not been an easy decision me and has been one that I 've taken incredibly seriously ,\" he said . \" However , much thought and consideration I feel now is the right time order to focus fully both my family and club career AFC Bournemouth . \"", "China has one the biggest air pollution problems the world . Lots people living there tend to wear special facemasks to help to filter the pollution . Italian architect Stefano Boeri came the idea creating buildings which are full plants , to help fight pollution . These two special buildings will be home more 1,000 trees and 2,500 shrubs and bushes which should absorb the pollution the air and help to filter it and make it cleaner . The buildings will be built the Chinese city Nanjing , and should be finished 2018 . The shorter tower will be a hotel , the taller one will be home a museum , offices and an architecture school . The buildings are the first their kind Asia , but will join two other buildings them , Italy and Switzerland . The architect has plans to build similar buildings other Chinese cities Chongqing , Shijiazhuang , Liuzhou , Guizhou and Shanghai . 2014 China 's government said they were working hard to reduce the amount pollution the air - and then they 've been closing coal-burning factories , and limiting the amount traffic roads .", "Media playback is not supported this device an error-strewn display , the 2012 bronze medallist needed 102 points his closing dive to reach the final . However , he managed only 50.40 to finish last place 403.25 - well short the personal best 571.85 he set Friday 's preliminary round . \" It 's really hard to accept . I 've worked so hard ,\" said Daley , 22 . \" Yesterday I scored the highest score ever an Olympic Games . Today it was n't meant to be . That 's what diving does sometimes . \" I truly am heartbroken I feel I am the peak physical condition and I could have won . \" British Diving performance director Alexei Evangulov had said Daley was \" the best shape and best form his career \" the Olympics . Daley , who won a bronze medal the 10m synchronised platform Dan Goodfellow , suggested he would compete again Tokyo 2020 . \" I 'm so happy how GB have done , so proud to be part it and I wanted to be able to stand top that podium , so it will be another four years' hard work ,\" he said . Media playback is not supported this device China 's Chen Aisen , 20 , claimed his second gold the Games winning the final , which took place later Saturday . Chen , who also won the 10m synchro Lin Yue , scored 585.30 points to finish ahead Mexico 's German Sanchez ( 532.70 ) and defending champion David Boudia the United States ( 525.25 ) . Media playback is not supported this device Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "Nama sold its entire Northern Ireland portfolio Cerberus , a US investment fund , 2014 . The Irish Times has reported the Comptroller and Auditor General ( C & AG ) will say failings the sales process could have resulted \" hundred millions euro \" not being realised . Nama , an Irish state agency , was established 2009 to take control billions euro bad property loans which were damaging the Irish banks . Controversy the sales process has centred the role the businessman and former Nama advisor Frank Cushnahan . working an advisor Nama he began talking a US investment fund , Pimco , which was interested buying the portfolio . He then left his Nama role and went on to assist the fund its bid . He was due to be paid \u00a3 5m the bid succeeded - but it collapsed when Nama learned Mr Cushnahan 's role . Subsequently only two other firms made offers to buy the Northern Ireland portfolio . The highest bid \u00a3 1.24bn - a fraction the minimum reserve price - was made Cerberus . The other offer Fortress was \u00a3 1.1bn , which was the reserve . Earlier this year , the BBC Spotlight programme broadcast a covert recording which Mr Cushnahan claimed he was also due to be paid a fee relation the Cerberus deal . The Irish Times reports the C & AG will say \" it impossible to be definitive \" , shortcomings the sales process meant Nama did not receive hundreds millions euro that it might otherwise have . A Nama spokesman said : \" We 're not making any comment and will respond when the report is published . \" a statement , the Department Finance Dublin , said : \"' The minister will brief his cabinet colleagues an upcoming government meeting . \" The report will be published thereafter . No further comment will be made publication . \" Mr Cushnahan has always denied any wrongdoing relation his Nama role . Cerberus has said the sales process the loan portfolio was \" conducted full integrity \" its part . Earlier this week , BBC NI 's Spotlight programme reported Mr Cushnahan was recorded accepting a \u00a3 40,000 cash payment a Nama borrower . Mr Cushnahan , who was advising Nama the time , has denied any wrongdoing . Following the broadcast , First Minister Arlene Foster rejected a call Sinn F\u00e9in 's Martin McGuinness a cross-border Nama inquiry saying it was \" not appropriate \" . Mr McGuinness said he supported such an inquiry following new revelations the Spotlight programme Nama 's role Northern Ireland 's biggest ever property deal .", "The unknown offender seized control the Medway Council feed about 19:45 BST . Its first tweet announced : \" The Medway Council Twitter feed has been taken the citizens Medway . \" Hackers went to publish a string Tweets which were removed about 10 minutes later . The authority apologised any offence caused . It tweeted : \" Our account was hacked a short time earlier this evening . \" Sorry any offence caused the tweets which have now been removed . \" the security breach , around nine tweets were sent including one which promised : \" We 're also going to introduce decent schools . time eh ?\" . The hackers also announced an end Rochester 's Dickens Festival . Celia Glynn-Williams , head communication Medway Council , said action was taken to secure the account as quickly possible . She added : \" We are sorry any offence caused the messages that were tweeted . \" We take the security our account very seriously and are looking how this happened . \"", "He 's been refused somewhere to stay he comes Ebola hotspot , Sierra Leone . Amara arrived Norwich West Africa a fortnight ago and was turned two landlords - one letter . Both were happy him to stay he handed his passport and they realised he was a country the centre the current epidemic . He told Newsbeat he was \" devastated to be turned \" . The letter said : \" normal circumstance . Your profile would be a great profile to be one our lodgers . \" However , given the world is about to probably experience an Ebola epidemic , we have decided not to accept anyone that has been anywhere the ebola outbreak the last two months , or is likely to visit those areas the near future . \" Amara , 35 , told Newsbeat it is wrong to assume all people Sierra Leone carry the disease . He says : \" It 's very unreasonable . And you think everybody coming Sierra Leone is affected , then that 's just completely unfair . \" The good news Amara is a few weeks looking , he 's found somewhere to stay he can continue his studies . More 4,400 people have died the Ebola outbreak , mainly West Africa . Britain has now begun screening passengers Heathrow airport . People arriving the worst-affected countries will be questioned and may have their temperatures taken . Professor Tom Solomon is an expert diseases Ebola and how they spread . How worried should we be here the UK ? I think we should be worried Ebola West Africa sadly the cases have gone up and up but the situation the UK is very different the situation West Africa . Was the landlord right to be so cautious ? I understand why people are concerned Ebola but what people need to do is look the facts and then make sensible decisions . You 're not going to get Ebola renting your flat someone Sierra Leone . How do people get Ebola ? Ebola is passed someone is contact the bodily fluids someone who is actually sick the disease . So clearly letting your property wont put people risk . Is the virus going to become airborne ? There is no evidence the virus is airborne and we have never seen the virus change and become airborne - so there is no evidence to say this will happen here . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "According the corporation , \" the extended Ten will give audiences even more news analysis and explanation \" . additional news the Nations and Regions , the programme will be 45-minutes long Monday Thursday , starting 11 January . The move follows a five-month trial the run-up the General Election . \" its sister programme 6 , The BBC 's 10 o'clock News is already the most popular news bulletin the UK and , the New Year , it will offer even more ,\" said Gavin Allen , controller daily news programmes . \" Viewers will continue to see the fullest range stories - and now we 'll have still more scope to explain the events that impact the country and help to make sense the changing world us . \" It 's always been a bit odd the BBC 's highest profile news bulletin ( not highest rated - the audience the Six o'clock News is bigger ) has also been the shortest . Of course , the official duration has n't always been stuck . People who tune just the weather the end the bulletin will already know this - the news is sometimes two , three or even five minutes longer it says the schedules . It is , though , an interesting symbolic move . ITV 's News Ten presenter Tom Bradby has questioned the BBC scheduling its main news 10pm , and so too has the culture secretary John Whittingdale . This certainly makes clear the BBC is n't planning vacating the spot , but is digging even deeper . Yet it does present a quandary those who like to tuck Newsnight the Ten . Newsnight 's start time is usually 22:32 . future , you stay the News Ten the end the weather , you will have missed the first 13 minutes the programme . And finally , fans the red chair and the celebrity sofa , this is a Monday Thursday-only change . Question Time Thursday can be shunted , but Graham Norton , it appears , is sticking his 22:35 slot .", "Media playback is not supported this device The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 Saturday and have won both their games Shakespeare Ranieri 's sacking . \" Suddenly he wants to be a manager . It does n't sit that comfortably me ,\" Keown said Match the Day . \" you 're assistant manager Ranieri and he 's walked , why is it you suddenly want to be the manager ? \" Shakespeare , 53 , has never managed full-time and was brought Leicester Ranieri 's predecessor Nigel Pearson . He says he expects to speak the Leicester hierarchy his future next week . \" You have personal ambition , but I think it 's almost order he wants to jump that job ,\" said Keown . \" Surely they 'll go a manager who is bigger more experience . \" Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy added : \" Craig Shakespeare is winning , leave him charge . Why change ? Let him carry . \" Speaking his side moved five points clear the relegation zone , Shakespeare said : \" My remit was to win these two games and that 's what we 've done ,\" he said . \" The owners will make a decision the good the club and I talk them I do n't know what that will be . But I have said previously , I 'm comfortable that . \" I ca n't control it and there 's no point worrying it . \" Leicester had not scored a league goal 2017 Shakespeare took charge , but have now scored six two games - twice as many Premier League goals they did their last 10 matches Ranieri . Shakespeare has never managed a club before but has a long association the Foxes . The Englishman was assistant manager Nigel Pearson two years 2008 , following Pearson Hull 2010 they both returned Leicester a year later . Following Pearson 's sacking 2015 , Shakespeare remained the club Ranieri 's assistant . Leicester are believed to have spoken a number potential candidates to replace Ranieri , but could also consider giving Shakespeare the job the end the season . The Foxes have held informal discussions former England boss Roy Hodgson . The 69-year-old has been work leaving the international set-up the Three Lions lost Iceland Euro 2016 . Pearson , who saved Leicester relegation 2014-15 , has also been linked a return .", "Jo Deering died 2011 , aged 52 , just months being sectioned the Mental Health Act . Under-fire Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust admitted it could have made better decisions her care . However , Ms Deering 's sister , Maureen Rickman , said the trust 's findings \" deserved to be binned \" . December , the BBC revealed the trust , which provides services about 45,000 people Hampshire , Dorset , Wiltshire , Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire , had failed to investigate hundreds unexpected deaths 2011 . Ms Deering , New Milton , Hampshire , had paranoid schizophrenia and was discharged hospital two weeks being sectioned . She was sent home where she was the main carer her 89-year-old mother , who had dementia . Four months later she took her own life . Her family said the trust should not have allowed her to go home she was still ill . its 2012 report , the trust said the medical team based Waterford House who cared Ms Deering should \" be commended their ongoing efforts to work Joanna and her whole family an inclusive a way possible , significant complications \" . Ms Rickman said : \" There is n't an investigation here , nothing the sort . I could have carried a better investigation myself to be quite frank . \" She added : \" It deserves to be binned - nobody would have known anything this at all , there is nothing to take away this other a load psycho babble and twaddle . \" a statement , Dr Lesley Stevens , medical director the trust , said the report found its \" decision-making process granting leave , and how we communicated this Jo and her family , could have been better \" . \" Robust actions to learn this incident were fully implemented the time ,\" she added . She said the trust had provided community support to help Ms Deering her role a carer . \" The way we investigate and learn when things go wrong , has changed substantially ,\" she added .", "The firm will resume in-house domestic vinyl production a Japanese factory south-west Tokyo March 2018 . The move comes renewed demand old-fashioned black plastic records , which now occupy a key market niche . one time , the format had been expected to disappear the rise CDs , digital downloads and streaming . vinyl 's long decline the late 1980s onwards , many vinyl record factories closed , production confined a few specialist independent firms . But this year , global vinyl revenue is expected to hit $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 770m ) , many consumers swearing its supposedly superior sound quality . Analysis : Jonty Bloom , business correspondent They said the CD had killed it and digital downloads had left it dead and buried : but vinyl is back . Sony , which played a major part killing vinyl developing CDs , has seen them replaced turn other music technology such downloads and streaming , but vinyl is increasingly popular once again . The format has been saved a resurgence demand , it attracts not only nostalgic older consumers , but also younger generations who have rediscovered records , especially clubs and music festivals . Sony is even struggling to find older engineers who know how to make records . Part the reason the popularity vinyl records may be you can actually sell them shops . the UK , record sales brought more money last year streaming platforms - the unit costs vinyl is many times that streaming . Vinyl records have been growing popularity again recent years , boosted events such Record Store Day April every year , which record companies produce special limited-edition singles and albums . Sony 's move comes a few months it equipped its Tokyo studio a cutting lathe , used to produce the master discs needed manufacturing vinyl records . It has not yet said which titles it will be pressing vinyl , but big sellers the format these days are a mixture classic back-catalogue items and modern releases new bands .", "Victoria mated a male bear the Highland Wildlife Park Kincraig , Aviemore , earlier this year . To protect her being disturbed she is pregnant , the Royal Zoological Society Scotland ( RZSS ) said she had been taken \" show \" . she does raise a cub or cubs , they would be born December or January . RZSS said it was not possible to say this stage Victoria was pregnant . Polar bear cubs were last born the UK almost 25 years ago . Victoria was brought Scotland Aalborg Zoo Denmark last year and is kept an enclosure about a mile away the park 's two males , Arktos and Walker . She previously raised cubs 2008 . Arktos was moved Victoria 's enclosure a short time earlier this year .", "Seven organisations have issued joint advice vitamin D , which the body gets natural sunlight . The nutrient keeps bones strong , and protects conditions osteoporosis . The guidance was drawn it is thought fears skin cancer have made people too cautious being the sun . Cancer Research UK and the National Osteoporosis Society are the bodies which agree \" little and frequent \" spells summer sunshine several times a week can benefit your health . The experts now say it is fine to go outside strong sun the middle the day , as long you cover or apply sunscreen your skin goes red . Professor Rona Mackie , the British Association Dermatologists , said : \" Total sun protection high factor suncream all the time is not ideal , terms vitamin D levels . \" Even Australia has changed its policy this . They 're now producing charts showing parts Australia where sun protection may not be required some parts the year . \" Some the messages sun exposure have been too negative . UK summer sunshine is n't desperately strong . We do n't have many days the year when it is very intense . \" What 's changed is we 're now saying exposure 10 15 minutes the UK summer sun , suncream , several times a week is probably a safe balance adequate vitamin D levels and any risk skin cancer . \" Official government advice already recommends vitamin D supplements pregnant women and children aged five . But the experts who wrote the joint statement say mothers often are not made aware this recommendation . They suggest women consult their GP . Winter levels vitamin D can be helped a break the tropical sun - or eating oily fish , liver and fortified margarine . Cancer Research UK 's chief clinician , Professor Peter Johnson , said : \" A good diet and sensible sun exposure will be adequate the great majority the UK population to minimise their cancer risk . \" The area vitamin D and cancer is complex . \" There 's some evidence , which is strongest bowel cancer , low levels vitamin D the blood correlate the risk developing cancer . \" But that does n't mean those low levels cause bowel cancer . \" We think overall low levels vitamin D are unlikely to be major contributors the chances developing cancer the UK population . \" The joint statement also highlighted questions vitamin D that warrant further research . These include finding the optimal levels vitamin D , and more detail the role dietary sources and supplements .", "Linton Bridge , the River Wharfe West Yorkshire , was damaged the Christmas floods . Emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge Linton and Collingham remains risk collapse , said Leeds City Council . Work , which will cost \u00a3 4.5m , is to start July to put place a river platform to work the foundations . Parts the bridge dropped 8in ( 20cm ) the floodwater undermined its foundations . It has been shut 27 December and the permanent repair works are expected to be completed the summer 2017 . More 100 bridges were damaged floods West Yorkshire and a bridge partially collapsed Tadcaster North Yorkshire . Councillor Richard Lewis said : \" I think everyone now realises the challenge repairing Linton Bridge is considerable and requires detailed and complex work , so is not something that can be done quickly . \" The meeting also decided not to put a temporary footbridge place cost and environmental impact . A free shuttle bus service has been operating Linton and Wetherby January .", "Organisers said about 10,000 people were expected , the city 's biggest show solidarity foreigners . least five people have been killed and foreign-owned shops looted attacks last week . The influential Zulu king has been accused fuelling the violence - charges he denies . the latest news , views and analysis see the BBC Africa Live page . Locals accuse foreigners taking their jobs a country where the official unemployment rate is 24 % . Tens thousands foreigners , mostly other African states and Asia , have moved South Africa white-minority rule ended 1994 . least 62 people died xenophobic attacks that swept South Africa 2008 . Are you Durban ? What is your reaction the march xenophobia ? Email haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk your experience . you would be happy to speak further a BBC journalist , please include a contact telephone number . Email your pictures yourpics @ bbc.co.uk , upload them here , tweet them @ BBC _ HaveYourSay or text 61124 . you are the UK , send them the international number + 44 7624 800 100 . Or WhatsApp us + 44 7525 900971 Read our terms and conditions .", "Nottinghamshire Police were present when the man fell a building the Radford area Nottingham Friday evening . A witness told the Nottingham Post he survived the first fall running another flat and falling again . Police are not treating the death the man , his mid-30s , suspicious . Officers were called Waterloo Road about 19:30 GMT .", "The Public Administration Committee said it would seek written evidence and publish an interim report the summer recess later this month . Eurosceptic Tories fear the rules are being amended to allow the government to campaign openly to stay the EU . But ministers say it is needed to allow them to continue their work . The committee , headed Conservative MP Bernard Jenkin , said the purdah probe would form the first part a wide-ranging inquiry the EU Referendum Bill , the proposed law that will authorise a referendum the UK 's membership the EU the end 2017 . Mr Jenkin said he and his colleagues wanted to know why the government was planning to partially \" disapply \" the existing rules government announcements the four weeks leading the referendum . The inquiry will focus the existing rules , set the 2000 Political Parties and Referendum Act , the government 's case amending them , how ministers plan to go it and the impact it will have the impartiality the civil service . a vote the issue last month , 27 Conservative MPs rebelled their party , urging ministers to reinstate the full purdah period the government won the vote Labour abstained . The government has said the existing rules would potentially prevent ministers attending EU meetings and making decisions a European dimension . They have insisted they will address MPs' concerns this and other matters - such the funding available different sides and the length the campaign itself - the bill makes its way the Commons . The committee will publish its report 22 July .", "But archaeologist Steve Clarke believes this fortified farmhouse once stood stilts a manmade island an Ice Age lake 4,900 years ago . The \" crannog 's \" timbers survived and carbon dating said they were built Jordan Way , Monmouth , 2,917 years BC . A slab timber was discovered when the estate was constructed 2003 . It is the second crannog discovered Wales . But the first , Llangorse Lake , the Brecon Beacons , is thousands years younger the recent discovery . \" This is very important , it was a huge lake that was here the Iron Age ,\" said Mr Clarke , 70 . \" This will tell us what was happening here the Stone Age - we know so little that period . \"", "Gwent Police was called the incident Raglan Services about 11:30 BST Sunday . The ambulance service said a patient had been taken Bristol Royal Infirmary . The road was closed both directions Monmouth and Raglan about four hours but police said traffic was now moving freely .", "The organisations used the Freedom Information Act to get details pay packages everyone managers and hospital doctors dentists and GPs . Researchers included bonuses , pension contributions and redundancy payments , as well salaries , the sums . The Taxpayers' Alliance said some the figures were concerning . particular , the lobby group highlighted the sums being paid senior managers . The overwhelming majority staff six-figure salaries were clinical , including GPs , hospital consultants and dentists . But nearly 2,400 the staff were employed NHS bodies the UK non-clinical roles - these 472 earned more \u00a3 150,000 . The Daily Mail said its analysis annual accounts NHS bodies showed the pay bill NHS directors had risen 22 % two years . Another 534 employees quangos were also six-figure salaries . Taxpayers' Alliance chief executive Jonathan Isaby said : \" No-one begrudges paying doctors and nurses well the tough jobs they do , but it 's galling to see bosses failing hospitals continuing to rake the cash . \" It 's an insult taxpayers , but it 's even worse patients who have suffered mismanagement and worse . \" The rewards-for-failure culture is rife the NHS and it must be stamped a matter urgency . \" However , separate figures the Health and Social Care Information Centre have shown overall the number managers the health service England , including senior and lower level ones , has been falling . There are now just 37,600 employed - down nearly a fifth five years . Ministers England also pointed they had written NHS bodies to discourage \" retire and rehire \" practices where staff get lucrative pay-offs and then start working again closely linked jobs , any salaries the level the prime minister 's now needed to be scrutinised the Department Health . Health Minister David Prior said : \" We are absolutely clear value money the taxpayer is vital , every pound that is wasted or spent unnecessarily is a pound that cannot be spent looking patients . \" Rob Webster , chief executive the NHS Confederation , defended the pay levels , saying being a chief executive the NHS \" was one the toughest jobs the country \" . And he added : \" the toughest environment the NHS a generation , we need good leaders who can transform care . They need the ambition and the skills to take people them , and have the stability and time to build relationships a common shared goal their local population . \"", "28 June 2016 Last updated 08:03 BST 1 July 1916 , British soldiers started fighting the Battle the Somme . The people charge said the battle had to happen to win the war . But the time it was over , more a million soldiers both sides had died or were injured . Even now people ca n't agree it was the right decision or a huge mistake . Martin has been the trenches northern France to find what happened .", "Chay Roberts-Jones was working Blundells School Tiverton , Devon , when he assaulted the girl the guise giving her a sports massage . Roberts-Jones , 29 , was cleared sexually assaulting two other girls a summer ball and a camping trip a jury February Exeter Crown Court . He was a physics teacher the \u00c2 \u00a3 31,000 a year school but now lives France . The court heard details the conviction are to be supplied the French authorities to ensure Roberts-Jones , previously Preston Street , Exeter , is not able to work children again . May 2014 , he offered to give his victim a massage she suffered cramp but went on to lift her top and try to pull her trousers . Recorder Mr Philip Mott , QC said there was a \" higher culpability the abuse trust \" . He said : \" This was not just flirting and an error judgment but a more determined effort to pursue your desire and overcome her resistance . \" The judge said Roberts-Jones , who now teaches adults France , had experienced \" substantial punishment terms career , self image and place society \" and suspended his sentence two years . He ordered Roberts-Jones to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,500 costs and sign the sex offenders register . Emily Cook , the defence , said there was an \" element infatuation \" the victim which \" got hand \" .", "The victim is a stable condition the Royal Sussex County Hospital being seriously injured a confrontation Portslade Saturday . A 15-year-old boy Hove was held suspicion attempted murder and causing GBH intent . An 18-year-old man Portslade was arrested suspicion affray . Both have been bailed 18 November . A 16-year-old boy Portslade , also arrested suspicion attempted murder , remains police custody . Sussex Police said emergency services were called Abinger Road 17:17 BST where a group youths were gathered the car park the Co-op store .", "Tanveer Iqbal 's body was found his Renault Clio Portland Road , Edgbaston , Monday afternoon . The 33-year-old had not been seen closing his Hi-Tech Music shop Shireland Road , Smethwick , Sunday evening and had been reported missing . Police said his death is currently being treated suspicious and a post-mortem examination will be carried . Mr Iqbal was reported missing midday Monday . More this story and others Birmingham and Black Country Portland Road was cordoned City Road and the Ridgeway and the car has been taken away investigation . Det Insp Paul Joyce said police are working \" the clock \" to try to piece together Mr Iqbal 's last movements . \" Portland Road is likely to remain closed later today my team continues to carry an important forensic examination the scene ,\" he said . \" I am particularly keen to speak any witnesses who may have seen Mr Iqbal closing his shop Smethwick Sunday night and the time he was discovered lunchtime Monday . \"", "The record follows a break which singer Billie Joe Armstrong went rehab prescription pill addiction and touring guitarist Jason White received treatment tonsil cancer . \" To have a chart-topping album this stage our career is especially gratifying ,\" the band said . 2004 's American Idiot , the record is a critique US society . The album 's first single , Bang Bang , addresses the culture mass shootings , telling the story one such incident the eyes a perpetrator . The title track was written Armstrong joined a march Manhattan , New York , protesting a grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer the killing unarmed black teenager Michael Brown Ferguson . \" It was happening all the country ,\" he told Rolling Stone magazine . \" It was a trip to see people rebel the old order . \" I was feeling people do n't want to feel obsolete the things that we care . \" Revolution Radio outsold its nearest competitor , Barry Gibb 's The Now , a ratio two one , said the Official Charts Company . Other new entries this week 's album chart came US rock band Alter Bridge , who landed three The Last Hero , and the Kaiser Chiefs , whose pop-centric album Stay Together debuted four . Pop band OneRepublic scored a new entry six Oh My My , Norah Jones entered 10 Day Breaks , a record that marks a return the jazz-inflected style her debut , Come Away Me . the singles chart , James Arthur holds the number one spot the third week a row , his downbeat ballad Say You Wo n't Let Go . The singer strengthened his lead the competition thanks a performance last week 's X Factor , which resulted 50,000 sales and 5.16 million streams - the highest figure his song has achieved so far . Bruno Mars was the highest new entry 24K Magic , a charismatic retread his hit single Uptown Funk ; Swedish star Zara Larsson edged closer the top 10 her single Ai n't My Fault rising three places number 13 . Actress-turned-pop star Hailee Steinfeld had the highest-climbing single the week , Starving - her collaboration dance producer Zedd - leapt 28 17 . Follow us Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , Instagram bbcnewsents , or you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 44-year-old had been charge Rugby Park February 2016 , when he replaced Gary Locke . He kept Killie the Premiership last season and leaves them sixth place . Chris Brass , 41 , had been announced December head coach Bury the end the season David Flitcroft was fired . \" Lee is someone who I have followed his playing and managerial career ,\" said Shakers chairman Stewart Day . \" I firmly believe Lee is the right man and he has an enthusiasm and passionate desire to take this club forward . I was overwhelmed his knowledge the club and the contacts he has the game and how he believes what we can achieve together . \" Former Huddersfield , Birmingham and Blackpool boss Clark takes charge a Bury side sat the relegation zone the third tier and will be the sidelines the game Chesterfield Saturday . Assistant Lee McCulloch will become interim manager Kilmarnock , Peter Leven his No.2 . McCulloch is likely to be offered the position the end the season . Clark , a former midfielder Newcastle , Fulham and Sunderland , won 10 his 44 games charge Kilmarnock . \" I have had a wonderful year Kilmarnock manager ,\" he told the club website . \" The club and fans have treated myself and my family fantastically - we are a good position a strong and loyal squad and staff . \" The directors have given me their full support rebuilding the squad and the fans will always have a special place my heart , but I still have huge ambition to one day manage the highest level England , which is obviously the Premier League . \" I feel the fresh challenge managing a club England 's League One could provide me the platform to build this goal . \"", "This brings the number military dismissals more 3,000 following the failed coup , which rebel units used tanks and aircraft to try to oust President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Saturday Mr Erdogan announced steps to put all armed forces direct government control , a crackdown . He accuses US-based cleric Fetullah Gulen being the coup attempt . least 246 people died rebel soldiers tried to seize power 15 July . Mr Gulen denies any involvement . The latest soldiers to be dismissed include Mr Erdogan 's chief military adviser , a top aide the chief the general staff and the defence minister 's chief secretary . Saturday the government announced plans to close all military academies and bring land , naval and air forces the control the defence ministry . The proposals need to be approved parliament . The coup has triggered a massive purge , 66,000 public sector workers dismissed and 50,000 passports cancelled . The state has also shut 142 media outlets and detained journalists . A three-month state emergency has also been declared . President Erdogan has ignored international unease the crackdown , telling his foreign critics : \" Mind your own business . \"", "The Local Government Association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction buildings . Staff are also working closely tenants to review and offer fire safety advice . Police say least 30 people died a result the west London blaze . Live : Latest updates the Grenfell Tower fire Lord Porter , LGA chairman , said : \" Following the horrific fire Grenfell Tower , councils tower blocks their local area have been working their local fire service , and undertaking urgent reviews their high-rise buildings . \" Fire risk assessments and the construction buildings are being reviewed and double checks are being made to ensure remedial work recommended previous assessments have been carried . \" Extra fire safety checks were immediately organised local authorities , including Camden , Newham , Croydon and Redbridge . Leeds , which has 116 blocks , the council is carrying a review fire safety all blocks a matter urgency , but reassuring residents adequate checks are already place . the Midlands , councils Coventry and Birmingham , which have 38 high-rise blocks , say they have double-checked records and no buildings have cladding the type used Grenfell Tower . London fire : Homes offered Grenfell victims London fire : Fire protesters storm town hall May promises ' proper investigation ' fire Wolverhampton , the city council said the 36 tower blocks the city , a number have external cladding . The authority said it was \" confident \" the cladding is a correct standard , but will undergo urgent checks manufacturers . Fire crews Solihull have visited high-rise blocks to reassure residents . Senior councillors Liverpool will hold a meeting social landlords Saturday , the fire service is reviewing its inspection processes high-rise buildings and prioritising inspections high-rise premises Merseyside . St Katherine 's Court Northampton , which was recently refurbished , was inspected earlier the fire service . Management said cladding used is a different type that used Grenfell Tower . Meanwhile , fire services Lincolnshire , Cambridgeshire and Humberside have also confirmed they will be visiting high-rise buildings . And Cornwall , which has one tower block , a meeting residents and council and fire officers is planned next week . Lord Porter added : \" Councils take the safety residents extremely seriously . We need to know certainty how this fire started and why it spread so quickly councils can start to take any action needed . \"", "The vehicle overturned the road Mecca and Medina , Mena said . There were 44 Egyptian pilgrims board the bus when it crashed , the agency said . The incident comes just days 16 Palestinian pilgrims the West Bank were killed when their bus crashed Jordan its way Saudi Arabia . The groups were both travelling Mecca to perform the lesser Islamic pilgrimage , or Umrah .", "Media playback is unsupported your device 24 February 2015 Last updated 20:27 GMT The 67-year-old , who was fearful returning his Gateshead home the attack January , has begun house hunting thanks an online fundraising campaign that attracted donations more \u00c2 \u00a3 330,000 . But Mr Barnes , whose collarbone was broken when he was knocked the ground , told Look North 's Peter Harris he was not yet ready to meet his attacker , drug-user Richard Gatiss , 25 .", "Media playback is not supported this device The American , 32 , looked set to take part warming the range but he then withdrew the first tee . The US Open champion fell the stairs and hurt his lower back Wednesday . \" I 'm playing the best golf my life and to have a freak accident happen yesterday afternoon , it sucks really bad ,\" said Johnson . \" I have been worked all morning and obviously I can take some swings , but I ca n't swing full , I ca n't make my normal swing and I did n't think there was any chance I could compete . \" The 15-time PGA Tour winner added : \" I was wearing socks and slipped and went the three stairs . The left side my lower back took the brunt it and my left elbow is bruised as well . \" Johnson 's caddie was placing the ball his tee him the range , coach Butch Harmon said pain hindered Johnson 's rest overnight . Shortly his withdrawal , he progressed hitting wedge shots the range fuller swings and his involvement looked likely he made his way the first tee a scheduled 19:03 BST start playing partners Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker . Johnson was a popular pick to win the first major the year a result the fine form he has shown 2017 . He has won the past three tournaments which he has competed - February 's Genesis Open , and both the WGC Mexico Championship and WGC Dell Match Play March . As well winning last year 's US Open four shots , he finished ninth the Open Championship and tied fourth the Masters . BBC Radio 5 live correspondent Iain Carter Johnson took the very last second to make what must have been an agonising decision to pull . He was standing the first tee making the toughest call his career . It is a severe blow the player who has dominated golf this season . He arrived here the back three big victories and was a justifiable favourite . All that has been lost his freak fall his rental home and the damage done his back .", "Tony Tinley responded The Sunday Times report the company may spend research budgets overseas government support innovation is cut . Mr Tinley said he wanted the firm to commit itself the city . Rolls-Royce said it invests research and development \" where the environment is supportive \" . The union fears grants offered the department Business , Innovation and Skills , firms Rolls-Royce , could be turned loans a result spending cuts . Mr Tinley , a senior regional Unite officer the East Midlands , said : \" you move [ research and development ] , the manufacturing goes it . \" You could be arguing the whole presence Rolls-Royce is being put risk . \" I get called a scaremonger this but when I 've sat and looked the eyes these people [ senior management ] , I do n't see that commitment . \" Dr Ian Jackson , Staffordshire University 's business school , said turning grants loans could have a serious effect Rolls-Royce . He said : \" It would put risk the qualified scientists and engineers not just Rolls-Royce Derby , but also the supply chain , and wider the hinterland what supports that . \" Rolls-Royce , which employs about 13,000 people Derby , said a statement : \" Rolls-Royce has always maintained we invest research and development where the environment is supportive . \" The location research and technology is dependent where the early stages innovation happens , and the UK today has a compelling and competitive environment Rolls-Royce to invest . \" A government spokesperson said : \" We want the UK to be the best place Europe to innovate and grow a business . \" We are simplifying support business , boosting collaboration and investing research infrastructure a record scale . \"", "Bangladesh police are investigating the murder an Italian aid worker who was shot Monday , the Islamic State group saying it is responsible . The two-Test series was due to begin Chittagong Friday , 9 October . \" One man gets killed , an Italian , and the tour is off . We 've had 50,000 people killed Pakistan ,\" Khan said . Khan was referring figures estimating the number \" fatalities terrorist violence \" Pakistan 2003 . May , Pakistan hosted their first home full international fixture gunmen attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lanka team its way to play Lahore 2009 . \" A certain amount tension is likely terrorism , but they have to trust the Bangladeshis , the Indians , the Sri Lankans and Pakistanis . We give them 100 % protection ,\" Khan added . \" Some the countries , Australia and New Zealand , are perhaps oversensitive . \" Cricket Australia had initially delayed the team 's scheduled departure 28 September it worked a \" revised security plan \" . But it now says official advice means it had \" no alternative to postpone the tour \" . The Bangladesh Cricket Board ( BCB ) said it was \" disappointed \" the decision but is \" committed rescheduling the series a later date \" . Wednesday , the BCB had promised \" VVIP \" treatment the Australian team , saying they would be given the same level security afforded visiting heads state . England are due to tour Bangladesh to play two Tests and three one-day internationals October and November 2016 .", "Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that can cause a fatal infection people weakened immune systems - particularly those advanced HIV . Birds are known to carry the fungus , experts puzzled why the birds themselves do not appear to become ill . Research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth . The fungus , found bird 's droppings , mostly infects the lungs or the central nervous system . Scientists the University Sheffield and the University Birmingham found it can grow slowly the bird 's digestive tract , but it tries to invade the bird 's body the immune system immediately destroys it . Dr Simon Johnston , who led the research , said : \" Birds have a higher body temperature humans , but this alone is not enough to fully stop the fungus . \" studying bird cells the microscope , we have seen macrophage cells have the ability to completely block the growth the fungus , which can be fatal humans . He added : \" we can learn how some animals are able to resist infection we might be able to gain insights how we can improve the human immune response this fungus . \" The universities said the work was part a larger international effort to help fight cryptococcosis . The findings are reported the journal Scientific Reports .", "The flight Manchester Airport Agadir Morocco , was diverted London Gatwick less an hour take-off Thursday . The Thomson Airways Boeing 737-800 took 18:42 BST being struck . A spokeswoman the airline said it was an \" extremely rare \" event and the diversion was \" precautionary \" . The flight later landed safely Agadir . Liam Bolton , 27 , Chester Cheshire , was travelling Morocco a holiday his girlfriend when he heard a \" sudden crack \" the aircraft . He said the plane \" lit someone had taken a photo \" . \" It was about 10-15 minutes take-off and there was a large flash ... everyone turned round each other and knew it was lightning . \" About half an hour later , the pilot announced we 'd been hit lightning and we 'd be landing Gatwick ,\" he said . around three hours the runway , the same plane took , he added . Thomson Airways has apologised any inconvenience caused the adverse weather conditions .", "Victoria Gayle , 31 , was charged preventing the lawful and decent burial a body police discovered the remains a baby her home last month . Ms Gayle , previously West Hendon , north London , appeared Wimbledon Magistrates' Court Monday afternoon . She spoke only to confirm her name , address , and date birth . The court heard a post-mortem examination took place Great Ormond Street Hospital 2 June but the cause death could not yet be determined . Ms Gayle was also charged perverting the course justice . She was not asked to submit a plea and will appear Kingston Crown Court 8 July . The charge follows a case review an investigation a child who went missing 2004 , which was sparked the death another child an address Barnet 2015 . The investigation led the arrest a 50-year-old woman Fryent Crescent , West Hendon north London . A 52-year-old man was also arrested suspicion preventing a lawful and decent burial . Both were bailed mid-July .", "The A344 next the monument was shut June to \" restore the dignity \" the stone circle part a \u00c2 \u00a3 27m project . Residents villages including Shrewton and Orcheston say their lanes have become \" rat runs \" drivers avoiding congestion the A303 . Campaigners will collect signatures a petition this weekend . Janice Hassett , the Shrewton Traffic Action Group ( Stag ) , said : \" The A344 should not have been closed the A303 was dualled . \" The A303 Stonehenge Bottom was bad before , but it 's a nightmare now . \" Traffic is stupidly backing Thruxton a holiday weekend . \" Sat-navs are sending people right our villages . There 's going to be an accident . \" The petition is asking \" urgent action \" to be taken to tackle high volumes non-local traffic using the B3086 Shrewton , a 20mph speed limit to be introduced and better signage to be installed .", "The Championship side are willing to allow the Scotland international to leave a free transfer , but they are also willing to consider a loan move . The 28-year-old , who is contract the end the season , joined Blues Swindon August 2012 . He has since played 159 games the club , but has been limited just one appearance this season . \" We have had a very good chat ,\" boss Gianfranco Zola told BBC Sport . \" I 've told him very clearly I do n't mind he wants to stay . \" He has players front him his position , but I 've told him you want to stay and fight and you deserve to play , then you will play . \" Caddis is a player whose name is imprinted Birmingham footballing folklore , having scored the late goal Bolton that kept Blues the Championship the final day the season , May 2014 .", "Australia are a commanding position two days the second Test Lord 's they look to square the series England 's win Cardiff . Johnson , 33 , was named man the series following Australia 's Ashes win 2013-14 when he took 37 wickets . \" I hope so . That 'd be nice , to have those scars come back out ,\" he said . Left-arm paceman Johnson had a chastening time the first Test Cardiff he finished match figures 2-180 . But he looked back something his best Lord 's 2-16 a six-over spell England recovered 30-4 to reach 85-4 Australia had declared 566-8 . \" Nothing 's changed me . It 's always nice to go out there and perform and to bowl good pace ,\" Johnson added . \" The ball 's been swinging here too and I 've really enjoyed that . When the ball swings good pace it makes it a little more difficult . \" He also appeared to make light England 's talk playing a more attacking style cricket new coach Trevor Bayliss . \" We were hoping they would come and play the aggressive brand they 've been talking ,\" he said . \" We hope they come the morning and do the same thing . \" And he added : \" I guess Ben Stokes is a very aggressive player anyway we 'd like to see him play some shots and hopefully get a couple quick wickets the morning . \" I ca n't decide them , they want to play aggressive cricket or they want to go the other way . \" England paceman Stuart Broad , who took four 83 Australia 's first innings , accepted his side had succumbed the pressure the tourists' huge total . \" It 's always a tricky period when you 've conceded a lot runs to then go and bat 30 overs ,\" he said . \" It 's always a big test you and I think mentally we did n't switch 20 minutes - and lost four wickets . \" We 'll have a few batsmen that changing room wishing they could face their balls again and play them pretty differently , I think . \"", "Police have confirmed paint was thrown doors and windows Crumlin Orange Hall some time 2300 BST Monday and 1000 BST Tuesday . SDLP South Antrim MLA Thomas Burns condemned those the attack which he said was \" pointless \" . \" They can only harm and destroy , they can only cause pain and hardship and useless expense taxpayers and ratepayers ,\" he said .", "The third death was announced Monday and five are critically ill hospital , following the event Haaksbergen Overijssel province . Video footage shows the modified pick-up outsized tyres driving a row cars part the show , but then veering course . A boy , a man and a woman died . the five critically injured there are another 18 lesser injuries , the Haaksbergen mayor 's office said . Helicopters helped ferry the injured hospitals three nearby towns . \" A so-called monster truck drove a crowd spectators . A terrible accident two dead victims ,\" town authorities said their website Sunday . Video the accident posted social media showed the truck revving hard and then riding six cars suddenly heading spectators who were separated the show metal barriers . Screaming , some managed to get away but others had no time to escape . The driver the truck has been detained and an inquiry has been opened , police said , quoted local media .", "Frank Field said Jeremy Corbyn was touch \" economic injustices \" but warned an electoral \" walloping \" security and migration . Mr Corbyn is Britain 's nuclear weapons system and has called the UK to accept more refugees . Meanwhile , a former Labour pollster has criticised the party 's report why it lost the election . Deborah Mattinson told the BBC 's Sunday Politics her research had not been included the review , led Dame Margaret Beckett , and branded it a \" whitewash and a massive missed opportunity \" . Labour said the Beckett report had \" consulted far and wide \" , taking input pollsters , pundits and academics . Mr Field , a former welfare minister , campaigns migration issues Conservative MP Sir Nicholas Soames . a Sunday Telegraph article , they call an end the UK 's \" open-door policy \" , warning a risk social cohesion immigration is reduced . He told Sky News : \" the big issues , sadly , which will decide the next election , which is defending our borders and defending us a nation , the Labour opposition looks it is walking the opposite direction . \" Clearly that is going to have to be sorted the next election we are not to get a walloping yet again . \" Speaking the BBC 's Sunday Politics , Michael Dugher , who was sacked shadow culture secretary Mr Corbyn 's reshuffle , said the Labour leader \" faces a big test \" the May elections . Mr Dugher said Mr Corbyn had to be given a chance his \" huge mandate party members \" , but said he had to show he could convert this support the public , including Conservative voters . Speaking John Pienaar BBC Radio 5 Live , former front-bencher Chuka Umunna said May 's elections would be \" essential \" but said Mr Corbyn was \" elected our members and he deserves a chance to show he can do it \" . He also said it was \" unfair \" to call the report Labour 's election defeat a whitewash .", "Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service , which employs about 700 people , may also lose 50-60 on-call firefighters part the savings plan . The number full-time crewed stations was reduced four a previous round cuts - two remain Ipswich , Lowestoft and Bury St Edmunds . A public consultation Suffolk County Council 's plans will now take place . Seven the county 's 47 fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close part the \u00a3 1.3m cuts . A fire engine Sudbury , where a major fire broke September , could be replaced a smaller \" rapid response \" vehicle . Matthew Hicks , Suffolk County Council , said he was confident an \" outstanding service \" could be maintained . \" question , this is a challenging set proposals ,\" he said . \" However , they have been shaped the feedback we received the recent pre-consultation held the summer . \" I now encourage people to respond this full consultation we have a wide range views to inform our final decisions . \" There has been a fall the number emergency calls the last 10 years Suffolk , line other authorities , about 10,000 2004 about 6,700 last year . A spokesman the Suffolk Fire Brigades Union said they were \" deeply concerned the devastating cuts \" which , they said , were \" nothing dangerous \" . Chairman Andy Vingoe said : \" The \u00a3 1.3m saving could be avoided totally council tax was increased less \u00a3 1.80 person Suffolk year . \" We strongly urge all residents to reply the consultation to tell the council we are not prepared to endure these cuts . \"", "Speaking reporters , FBI boss James Comey said the plans to enable encryption default could thwart law enforcement investigations . Lives could depend police forces continuing to get access the data devices used criminals and terrorists , he said . The FBI was talking both Apple and Google its fears , said Mr Comey . The conversations tech firms needed to be had the day when police forces lost access those devices , he said . \" I 'd hate to have people look me and say , ' Well how come you ca n't save this kid ? ' ' How come you ca n't do this thing ?'\" said Mr Comey a briefing . His comments came reaction a decision Apple to enable a file encryption system its iOS 8 software which it has no keys . This means it would not be able to comply any official request to help police get the data those devices . Google has said it too is planning to enable a similar encryption system default the next version Android . Mr Comey said he was \" very concerned \" these plans what they would allow people to do . \" What concerns me this is companies marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves the law ,\" he said . \" I am a huge believer the rule law , but I am also a believer no-one this country is the law ,\" he added . Apple and Google have yet to respond Mr Comey 's comments . Ten days prior Mr Comey 's press statement , iOS data forensics expert Jonathan Zdziarski pointed Apple 's encryption system would not stop police getting data portable devices . Specifically weakening security systems just to aid the police was a bad decision , he said . \" the sake privacy and overall security , the only logical solution is to make products as secure possible , and let good detective work do the crime solving , rather an easy button ,\" he wrote a blogpost .", "Cheap miniature versions the unmanned aircraft used the military could fall the wrong hands , he told the UK 's Guardian newspaper . Quarrelling neighbours , he suggested , might end buzzing each other private surveillance drones . He also warned the risk terrorists using the new technology . Mr Schmidt is believed to have close relations US President Barack Obama , whom he advises matters science and technology . \" You 're having a dispute your neighbour ,\" he told The Guardian an interview printed Saturday . \" How would you feel your neighbour went and bought a commercial observation drone that they can launch their backyard . It just flies your house all day . How would you feel it ? \" Warning mini-drones' potential a terrorist weapon , he said : \" I 'm not going to pass judgment armies should exist , but I would prefer to not spread and democratise the ability to fight war every single human being . \" \" It 's got to be regulated ... It 's one thing governments , who have some legitimacy what they 're doing , but have other people doing it ... it 's not going to happen . \" Small drones , such flying cameras , are already available worldwide , and non-military surveillance were recently introduced to track poachers the remote Indian state Assam . The US and Israel have led the way recent years using drones weapons war as well surveillance . America 's Federal Aviation Administration is currently exploring how commercial drones , or unmanned aircraft systems , can be safely introduced US airspace .", "Norah Boyle , 85 , suffered a head injury Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma put her bed The Green Nursing Home Kings Norton . She died 23 days later . The workers delayed calling 999 and pretended Mrs Boyle knocked her head the head board . They must do 160 hours' unpaid work and pay \u00c2 \u00a3 500 court costs each . The pair were not prosecuted being responsible the fall , but being \" grossly negligent their response \" . Mrs Boyle died hospital developing pneumonia . sentencing , judge Mark Wall said it was impossible to say reporting the incident any earlier would have made any difference Mrs Boyle 's eventual death . Her daughter , Ellen Boyle , said : \" I 'm appalled that 's what they got what happened my mum . \" I 'm appalled my mother 's life is only worth 12 months a community order . \" Speaking the court hearing Det Sgt Victoria Lee said the pair had delayed calling an ambulance they came a cover story . \" [ Duncan and Ouma ] plotted , Mrs Boyle laid bed a serious head injury , her head bleeding the pillow ,\" she said . \" Most us have relatives who are frail , disabled or vulnerable\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 we expect them to be cared professionally and compassionately . \" Duncan , 40 , Shartlands Close , Cotteridge , and Ouma , 31 , Summerfield Crescent , Edgbaston , had pleaded guilty an earlier hearing Birmingham Crown Court neglect and ill-treatment .", "The game features cards a series quiz questions , but some the answers given are incorrect . One answer claims the moon is 225 miles away the earth - instead about 238,900 miles . Manufacturers Paul Lamond Games said they \" unreservedly apologise \" and added replacement cards would be issued . It is understood least six the 50 answers one round the game - which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 19.99 - are incorrect . One answer placed Stonehenge Somerset instead Wiltshire and a maths question suggested two cubed was bigger three squared . It also said Albert Einstein died 1949 instead 1955 and gave the number Coronation Street episodes date 8,000 , when the actual figure is more 9,000 . One customer who bought the game told The Sun : \" I could n't believe it , the answers are so ridiculous ... [ but ] the kids wo n't accept the game could possibly be wrong . \" A representative Paul Lamond Games told the BBC : \" We have been made aware some mistakes the answers the questions the first production run this game . \" \" These have now been corrected and we would like to unreservedly apologise these errors . \" Any affected customer can email us stating their name and full address and we will send a replacement set corrected cards free charge . \" The company 's email address is available their official website . Ant & Dec - whose full names are Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly - have hosted Saturday Night Takeaway ITV 2002 , the show took a four-year break 2009 . Follow us Facebook , Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or Instagram bbcnewsents . you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Some 1,500 officers have been deployed the Olympic Stadium area , authorities have said . Officials are high alert following Tuesday 's attacks Brussels . Last year , a friendly Germany and the Netherlands Hannover was called two hours its start a security threat , four days the Paris attacks . One the targets Paris was the Stade France , where Germany were playing France a friendly match . Some 72,000 people are expected to attend Saturday 's match Berlin two the favourites June 's Euro 2016 . the hours ahead the game , fans gathered the stadium a heavy security presence . They face security checks and bag searches entering the arena . \" This is course a very large event drawing lots people . all large events , there is a certain risk involved , so we are well prepared ,\" Berlin police spokesman Stefan Redlich told Reuters news agency . \" We searched the Olympic stadium dogs trained to sniff explosives we let the fans . So we can be relatively certain there are no dangerous objects the stadium . \"", "The firm filed an application the Hong Kong stock exchange Thursday a bid to boost growth one the world 's fastest growing movie markets . Imax 's China profits jumped nearly 30 % last year , according the filing . It has been rapidly expanding the Greater China region , nearly doubling the number theatres 2012 . March figures indicate Imax has 239 theatres China , Hong Kong and Taiwan , but the company says it is planning to build another 219 theatres China . News the listing comes box office revenue the world 's second largest economy jumped 36 % last year $ 4.9bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.2bn ) , which is nearly three times more it was 2010 . The parent company is already listed New York and its shares rose as much 9 % the announcement .", "Officers seized the Maserati GranCabrio - a basic model which can cost \u00a3 100,000 new - King 's Road Kingston suspicion it having no insurance . The Met said the car was impounded and the owner would be summoned court . found guilty the owner , who has not been named , faces a minimum \u00a3 300 fine and six points their licence A Kingston Police spokesman said the driver was pulled officers thought the car seemed very expensive a learner to be driving . March , a \" gold fleet \" including a Lamborghini Aventador , a Mercedes G63 6x6 and a Bentley Flying Spur were all spotted Knightsbridge parking tickets their windscreens .", "\" It 's surreal , man , it really is ,\" said Gennett , the first Reds player to achieve the feat and who also tied a club record 10 runs batted . \" I 'm truly blessed . Being here , born here . It 's an honour sure . \" No player has ever hit more four a game - Bobby Lowe was the first , Boston Beaneaters 30 May , 1894 . Josh Hamilton was the most recent to tie the record , Texas Baltimore 8 May , 2012 .", "Mark Gilmore was suspended June 2014 the county 's police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) connection an investigation the awarding vehicle contracts Northern Ireland . PCC Mark Burns-Williamson said prosecutors had concluded there was no criminal case the chief constable to answer . However , Mr Gilmore will not return his post immediately . a statement , Mr Burns-Williamson said : \" There remains however a legal requirement me to consider conduct matters relation the police standards professional behaviour and an independent investigation will be carried Lancashire Police . \" this conduct investigation takes place Mark Gilmore has agreed to work a transition project the National Police Chiefs' Council ( NPCC ) and to delegate day-to-day operational control West Yorkshire Police his deputy Dee Collins who has , his absence , acted the temporary chief constable . \" The Police Service Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) had arrested a total seven men suspicion offences including bribery , misconduct public office and procuring misconduct public office . Mr Gilmore , originally Belfast , joined the Royal Ulster Constabulary , the predecessor the PSNI , 1983 . He was appointed Chief Constable West Yorkshire April 2013 .", "He is the first American Secretary State to visit the city . a meeting Somalia 's president tight security the airport , he said : \" Next time I come , we have to be able to just walk downtown \" . The US backs the Somali government its fight Islamist militant group al-Shabab , which still controls many rural parts southern Somalia . African news it happens : 5 May 2015 The meeting President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud and civil leaders was held Mogadishu airport , Mr Kerry is n't leaving its heavily fortified perimeters . Mr Kerry said : \" I visited Somalia today your country is turning around \" . The more recent changes he pointed were Somali forces pushing al-Shabab big towns and a \" determined international effort \" to put virtually all Somalia 's pirates business . BBC Somalia analyst Mary Harper says the US plays a crucial controversial role Somalia , supporting the weak central government its fight al-Shabab . Al-Shabab leaders have been killed US drone strikes . Our correspondent points America is careful to take a less visible role it did the 1990s , when the bodies US servicemen were dragged the streets Mogadishu .", "Elizabeth Timar , 18 , was last seen Blackpool Sands 19:45 BST Monday . Romanian Ms Timar , Exeter , had been \" the beach the afternoon a male \" , said Devon and Cornwall Police . The force has carried a major air and sea search help RNLI coastguards and Dartmoor Search and Rescue Group . Ms Timar was last seen wearing a black coat a red top underneath , blue jeans , and carrying a handbag . A force spokesman said : \" anybody was the area Monday and saw a young female acting strangely then please get touch . \"", "Matthew Daley , 35 , denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock , 79 , Findon , Worthing , last July , claiming diminished responsibility . Lewes Crown Court heard rather having Asperger 's syndrome he had an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness that was undiagnosed years . Forensic psychiatrist Dr Roderick Ley made the assessment the stabbing . Mr Lock , a retired solicitor , was stabbed crashing about 16mph the back Mr Daley 's car the A24 West Sussex 16 July . He was forced to brake suddenly Mr Daley made an emergency stop . The great-grandfather , who had recently been given the all-clear prostate cancer , died the scene . The trial has heard how Mr Daley , formerly St Elmo Road , Worthing , had been suffering mental health problems 10 years , and his family had \" pleaded \" experts to section him . Monday , Dr Ley told jurors : \" It 's clear the diagnosis Asperger 's was wrong . \" He has an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness that was undiagnosed many , many years . \" He said Mr Daley was not psychotic every moment every day , and he would often \" downplay \" his symptoms . However , Dr Ley agreed he exhibited \" narcissistic \" , \" histrionic \" and \" self-centred \" traits , adding it was unlikely he would ever have complete resolution his illness . Another expert , consultant forensic psychiatrist Dr Philip Joseph , said he was satisfied all the evidence he had seen Mr Daley was not psychotic the time the killing . Jurors also head Mr Daley 's father , who said his son had never been a violent person . John Daley described him a \" nice guy \" who was affectionate his family and animals . He said Mr Daley was \" scrupulously honest all his dealings others , honest a fault he finds it difficult to lie things \" . He told the court he first became worried his son 's mental health when he reported hearing voices . Mr Daley said he started a journal , partly to keep track his son 's treatment . \" The second reason having the document was , time went , it was clear Matthew 's life expectations were draining away and I did n't want to be my 80s and look back saying , ' What did I do '?\" The trial continues .", "The 48-year-old took had been charge Posh replacing Dave Robertson September and lifted the club as high the play-off places January . But they have since fallen 14th the table and have lost four their last five matches . Assistant Grant McCann will take charge the final two games the season . Westley was asked BBC Radio Cambridgeshire he felt increased pressure following Saturday 's defeat and said : \" I come to work every day and feel pressure , I put pressure myself . \" I do n't like losing football matches , but I know the job here . The job is to build long-term winning . \" Right now the job is to get our young players the pitch , to give them a chance to succeed and to grow , and that 's what we 've done ( Scunthorpe ) . \" There 'll be lessons learned all the players , and we 're going to be a successful club next year , then we need the young players to step the plate and the experience now will be useful them . \" The former Stevenage and Preston boss began his career the ABAX Stadium 10 wins his first 14 matches all competitions . However , losing West Brom a FA Cup fourth-round replay penalties and the January sale forward Conor Washington , still the club 's top scorer this season 15 , Posh lost six their next seven league matches . a brief run three straight victories , the club 's form dipped again , leading chairman Darragh MacAnthony to say \" I employ 300 people Peterborough United , not one those employees right now has a job the summer \" . Earlier this week , Westley also bemoaned his side 's poor discipline - the worst record the Football League 104 yellow cards and seven reds - saying it was costing them games . A brief statement the Peterborough website read : \" The club would like to thank Graham his efforts behalf the football club . \" Chairman Darragh MacAnthony will take time to speak prospective candidates the vacant manager position . \"", "The new network will see 21 US-style local TV stations areas including Belfast , Edinburgh , Cardiff and London . The service will be available all terrestrial viewers and may also be offered satellite , cable and online . Ofcom said it will decide successful applicants this autumn , the new channels expected to launch next year . Licences will be awarded based a set criteria including the provision local news and current affairs , programme proposals , launch date and commercial viability . The 21 areas Ofcom have selected local TV are : Belfast , Birmingham , Brighton & Hove , Bristol , Cardiff , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Grimsby , Leeds , Liverpool and London . Manchester , Newcastle , Norwich , Nottingham , Oxford , Plymouth , Preston , Sheffield , Southampton and Swansea will also benefit the service . The areas were selected having sufficient levels interest potential operators and being technically capable receiving a local TV service . The BBC Trust also published the final details its funding contribution the network . part the current licence fee settlement , the BBC agreed to contribute \u00c2 \u00a3 25 million the successful bidder to build the network . \" I hope to see some really exciting bids new local TV channels ,\" UK Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt said . \" Local TV will not only create jobs but it will also provide communities news and content that is relevant their daily lives . \"", "The pilot was flying solo a training flight Thursday and radioed assistance returning RAF Leeming North Yorkshire . The Hawk jet was promptly joined another aircraft the same squadron a wingman to provide guidance . They then flew formation and landed safely . The RAF has offered no further details the condition the pilot . A spokesman said : \" Flying formation , and conducting an approach land a formation , is a daily skill practised RAF fast jet pilots . \"", "New Healthway , a book hygiene and health aimed 11 and 12 year-olds , is printed one India 's leading publishers . Academics have urged the government to exercise greater control . But the authorities say schools should monitor content they are responsible the choice textbooks . \" This is poisonous children ,\" Janaki Rajan the Faculty Education Jamia Millia University Delhi told the BBC . \" The government has the power to take action , but they are washing their hands it ,\" she said . It is not known which Indian schools have bought the book their students , but correspondents say what is worrying is such a book is available students . \" The strongest argument meat is not essential food is the fact the Creator this Universe did not include meat the original diet Adam and Eve . He gave them fruits , nuts and vegetables ,\" reads a chapter entitled Do We Need Flesh Food ? The chapter details the \" benefits \" a vegetarian diet and goes to list \" some the characteristics \" found non-vegetarians . \" They easily cheat , tell lies , forget promises , they are dishonest and tell bad words , steal , fight and turn violence and commit sex crimes ,\" it says . The chapter , full factual inaccuracies , refers Eskimos ( Inuit ) \" lazy , sluggish and short-lived \" , they live \" a diet largely meat \" . It adds : \" The Arabs who helped constructing the Suez Canal lived wheat and dates and were superior the beef-fed Englishmen engaged the same work . \" The publishers , S Chand , did not respond the BBC 's requests a comment .", "The pedestrian was hit the Texaco garage Roman Farm Road , Hengrove , Tuesday evening and trapped the car it stopped Creswicke Road . Shakrun Islam , 30 , Chipping Sodbury , is due Bristol Crown Court Friday . He was remanded custody . The victim , Kyle Clarke , died the scene his injuries . His mother , Helen Stockford , said a family statement : \" We would like to thank the public and the emergency services all their support Tuesday night . \" We would ask the media privacy this time to allow us to grieve peace . \"", "23 March 2017 Last updated 14:55 GMT", "Joao Santana was widely seen the architect Ms Rousseff 's 2010 and 2014 election victories . He has denied receiving bribes a scheme to divert funds the state-run oil company Petrobras . About 50 Brazilian politicians , including the leader the lower house Congress , are investigation the Petrobras corruption scandal . Mr Santana is accused receiving bribes several large engineering conglomerates . Analysts say the charge him is a further blow President Rousseff who is facing impeachment proceedings . He was arrested February he returned the Dominican Republic , where he was working the re-election campaign President Danilo Medina . his proximity her , the arrest is expected to damaged her standing further , even impeachment proceedings her are not related the Petrobras corruption investigation . A former journalist , Mr Santana is well known producing dramatic , big-budget campaign videos appealing poorer voters . Mr Santana had called the accusations \" unfounded \" . And he had harsh words the investigation , saying Brazil was currently living a \" climate persecution \" . the investigating judge accepts the allegations him , Mr Santana will be jailed . Brasilia , a special Senate commission has begun hearings ahead a vote the whole Senate should take impeachment proceedings President Rousseff . A plenary Senate vote is widely expected to take place 11 May . the country , pro-government supporters blocked major roads cities nine Brazilian states Thursday 's morning rush-hour to call the halt impeachment proceedings President Rousseff . Sao Paulo , the city saw hundreds kilometres traffic jams which formed roadblocks burning tyres .", "The appeal , Interpol , is part an effort to track individuals involved illegal fishing , logging and wildlife trafficking . The trade wildlife crime is said to be worth $ 213bn annum , according the UN . This is the first time individuals have been targeted . Investigators 21 countries gathered Interpol 's headquarters France October to share information suspects involved a range crimes involving the environment . Called Operation Infra Terra , the agency is now asking assistance the public tracking nine key suspects . \" Even the smallest detail , which you might think is insignificant , has the potential to break a case wide open when combined other evidence the police already have ,\" said Ioannis Kokkinis , Interpol . \" Sometimes all it takes is a fresh pair eyes to bring new momentum an investigation and provide the missing clue which will help locate these wanted individuals , some whom have been evading justice years ,\" he added . One those named is Feisal Mohammed Ali , alleged to be the leader an ivory smuggling ring Kenya . He is being sought connection the seizure 314 ivory pieces , weighing well two tonnes Mombasa June . Others the list include Ahmed Kamran who was charged an attempt to smuggle 100 live animals , including giraffes and impalas , Qatar a military plane . Ariel Bustamante Sanchez is alleged to have been involved illegal tuna fishing protected waters Costa Rica . The move has been welcomed Convention the International Trade Endangered Species ( Cites ) . They are concerned not just the impact environmental crime species but also the effect political stability . \" Countries are increasingly treating wildlife crime a serious offence , and we will leave no stone unturned to locate and arrest these criminals to ensure they are brought justice ,\" said Ben Janse van Rensburg Cites . \" The public can play a crucial role this collective effort , they our eyes and ears the ground . Their support can help ensure the offenders face the full might the law and are punished appropriately . \" Member the public who have any information the possible location the fugitives can use this form to contact Interpol . Information can also be given anonymously any national crime stoppers programme . Follow Matt Twitter @ mattmcgrathbbc .", "The preliminary Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index ( PMI ) fell 47 September , forecasts 47.5 and down 47.3 August . A reading 50 indicates contraction the sector , one above shows expansion . The Shanghai Composite dropped 2.2 % 3,115.89 the disappointing data . The private survey also marked the seventh consecutive month contraction the sector . Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index closed down 2.3 % 21,302.91 . Japanese markets are closed a three-day public holiday and will reopen Thursday . Australia , shares mining companies were hit falling commodity prices . Oil prices continued to decline US crude fell 2 % overnight global growth concerns , copper prices slipped further slowing Chinese demand . Sydney 's S & P / ASX 200 index closed down 2.1 % 4,998.10 . South Korea , the Kospi index ended 1.9 % lower 1,944.64 following the release the data China .", "The 40-year-old former New Zealand player is currently forwards coach Clermont Auvergne and he previously held a similar position Leinster . Gibbes will work director rugby Les Kiss , current head coach Neil Doak 's future is unclear . \" The respect I have Les a coach and person was one my main reasons making this decision ,\" said Gibbs . Ulster are sixth the Pro12 table and the European Champions Cup what has been a largely disappointing season . \" Les sold his vision where he wants to take Ulster the next few years ,\" added Gibbes . \" Ulster is a team that I know well , having come them a number occasions . The Clermont-Ulster games this season gave me an insight the strengths the squad and it 's exciting to think I 'll be part that environment next season . \" Gibbes , who joined Leinster 2008 and won three Heineken Cups his spell Dublin , said : \" six years Leinster and three Clermont the Top 14 , I 've been afforded many different experiences , working some very talented coaches and players . \" I hope to apply what I 've learned the role Ulster and my family and I are looking forward integrating a strong community Belfast . \" He moved France 2014 and was part a coaching set-up that guided Clermont the Top 14 and Champions Cup finals his debut season . \" Jono 's CV speaks itself and I know he 's looking forward joining Ulster and working the team ,\" said Kiss , 52 . \" his retirement playing , Jono has had an integral role the coaching teams two European rugby 's most successful sides . \" Jono 's expertise a forwards coach is obvious , however his wealth knowledge other areas the game will be really important us . \" \" A review the coaching structure is ongoing ahead next season and the appointment Jono head coach is the first part that process . \" A further announcement will be made the coming weeks , which will focus getting the right balance our coaching team . \"", "Two were picked a coastguard helicopter high up the 3,196ft ( 974 metre ) Munro . Lomond Mountain Rescue Team located two others the lower slopes . Mountain weather forecasters were predicting winds 80mph frequent snow showers summit level western Scotland Wednesday .", "The $ 43bn (\u00a3 33bn ) deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover a Chinese company . The deal was cleared the Committee Foreign Investment the United States ( CFIUS ) which checks deals national security implications . a quarter Syngenta 's sales are North America . China National Chemical Corporation offered $ 465 share Syngenta February . Syngenta 's shares subsequently fell 20 % that concerns CFIUS would not clear the deal . However , now competition authorities elsewhere are expected to give the deal the go-ahead . a joint statement , Syngenta and ChemChina said : \" addition CFIUS clearance , the closing the transaction is subject anti-trust review numerous regulators the world and other customary closing conditions . \" Both companies are working closely the regulatory agencies involved and discussions remain constructive . The proposed transaction is expected to close the end the year . \" When the deal was announced earlier this year , Syngenta chairman Michel Demar\u00e9 said it would help the company 's pesticides and seeds business to expand further China . \" ChemChina has a very ambitious vision the industry the future ,\" he said . \" Obviously it is very interested securing food supply 1.5 billion people and a result knows only technology can get them there . \" The Chinese company owns a variety businesses , included the Italian tyre maker Pirelli , German machinery-maker KarussMaffei and Israel 's biggest pesticides producer . The deal would be the second-biggest takeover the chemicals industry the past year the $ 130bn Dow Chemical-DuPont merger announced last December .", "The 32-year-old had been playing the Isthmian Premier Division Leatherhead following his release Newport the end last season . Pidgeley has made 260 appearances spells nine clubs , including Chelsea , Watford and Millwall . Forest Green are currently second the National League table , one point leaders Cheltenham Town . Pidgeley could make his Rovers debut when they host Aldershot Friday .", "The crash , which happened the Rising Sun North Bradley Trowbridge about 06:00 GMT , left a huge hole the front the building . Wiltshire Police said the driver was taken Bath 's Royal United Hospital treatment his injuries , which are not thought to be serious . Nobody was inside the time the crash , officers said . The building has been deemed to be structurally safe . The road next the pub was closed several hours but has since reopened .", "Davis has made 14 appearances the Cod Army joining loan October , and recently agreed to extend his stay the end the season . The 22-year-old signed Leicester Port Vale 2014 , but did not feature the first team . \" I 'm delighted it 's all been done now and I can concentrate my football ,\" he told the club website . \" I stated the start I 'd be really interested staying the club , and I 'm just the moon to be here now . \" The length Davis' deal Fleetwood has not been disclosed . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "The former Scotland Under-21 international was released Crystal Palace he failed to make an appearance his two years . Kettings , 23 , spent three months loan National League side Bromley last season , playing 14 times . He is the sixth new signing Northern Ireland assistant Stephen Robinson was appointed manager . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "The week-long pre-trial hearing Guantanamo Bay will largely focus issues secrecy . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is accused masterminding the attacks the others are implicated providing support the co-ordinated hijacking . May , a chaotic hearing the case lasted 13 hours . that hearing , which formally charged the five men , the defendants made defiant outbursts and refused to answer the judge 's questions or use the translation system . addition Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , defendants Ramzi Binalshibh , Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi , Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali and Waleed bin Attash are being prosecuted a special military tribunal wartime offences known a military commission . They are charged conspiring al-Qaeda , terrorism , and one count murder each known victim the 11 September attacks the time the charges were filed - 2,976 total . The five face a possible death penalty sentence convicted . CIA waterboarding tapes revealed Monday , the defendants listened calmly and answered the judge 's questions , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed said : \" I do n't think there 's any justice this court . \" Defence lawyers argued the hearing their clients should not be forced to attend the rest the week 's hearings , the forcible transport their high-security cells may remind them their time secret CIA prisons . their transfer the US base Guantanamo Bay 2006 , the defendants were held years secret CIA prisons . All five have said they were tortured interrogations . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was repeatedly water-boarded being brought Guantanamo . \" We have to talk torture ,\" Air Force Captain Michael Schwartz , a defence lawyer , said Monday . But Judge James Pohl said the issue was not relevant this stage . Prosecution lawyers have said the use waterboarding and similar methods could be relevant when determining prisoners' statements were voluntarily given . The court is also expected to hear a defence request to abolish what they term a \" presumptive classification \" that treats any discussion the CIA prisons top secret , as well a media request to limit closing the courtroom secret sessions . Judge Pohl ultimately ruled the defendants would not be forced to attend hearings scheduled to run the end this week , but did not rule further pre-trial hearings . He said all would have to be present their trial , which is not likely to start more a year .", "The star is up the main prize , album the year , her ambitious visual album , Lemonade , which tackles themes race and female identity . Her single Formation is also up song and record the year . all three categories , she is up Adele - who previously won the ceremony 's top three prizes 2012 . Beyonce now has 62 Grammy nominations her work a solo artist and part Destiny 's Child , making her the fourth most-nominated artist ever . She has won 20 trophies altogether , she has yet to clinch the album the year prize , having been beaten the title Beck 2015 - much the disgust Kanye West , who stormed the stage protest . West receives eight nominations this year his album The Life Pablo - all the rap categories . Drake and Rihanna also have eight nominations , including three their hit collaboration , Work . Making Grammy history is Chicago-born musician Chance The Rapper , whose album Coloring Book is the first streaming-only record to be recognised the Recording Academy . He achieves seven nominations , including best new artist , ever releasing a physical album or digital download . Beyonce and Adele go head head Justin Bieber , Drake and country star Sturgill Simpson the best album category . Adele wins , she will become only the second woman to receive the best album prize twice , Taylor Swift . Notably absent the shortlist is David Bowie , who was tipped to win his critically-acclaimed Blackstar album . The record does make an appearance the best alternative album category , does Radiohead 's A Moon Shaped Pool . Coldplay have also fared badly , receiving just one nomination - best music video - selling millions copies their latest album , A Head Full Dreams . Prince receives a posthumous nomination his final album , Hit N Run Phase Two , the best engineered , non-classical category , where Blackstar also makes the shortlist . British star James Corden will host the 2017 Grammy Awards , which take place the Staples Center Los Angeles Sunday , 12 February . Album The Year Record The Year Song The Year Best New Artist Best alternative album Best pop album Best rap album Follow us Facebook , Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or Instagram bbcnewsents . you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "David Cameron said a stadium would \" inspire young people , brings jobs and wealth \" the county . Labour said it was a \" cynical \" attempt to distract voters , the Liberal Democrats questioned where the funds would come , and Mebyon Kernow said it did not believe the Tory 's promise . Recent planning rows have left the future the stadium question . March , Cornwall councillors deferred a decision to grant permission to build a supermarket that would have paid the facility , which supporters claimed had put the plans jeopardy . Revised proposals the stadium West Langarth are expected to be submitted the council May . Mr Cameron said he planned to get the Department Culture , Media and Sport to work Sport England , Cornwall Council and local sports teams to find a way to get it built . \" The stadium proposal is an exciting one . it takes some extra money I 'd make that money available ,\" he added . However , Stuart Roden , Labour candidate Truro and Falmouth , said : \" This announcement today is a cynical empty promise and will come nothing . \" It is simply more smoke and mirrors and people wo n't be taken fools this unfunded distraction . \" Simon Rix , who is standing the Lib Dems the constituency , told BBC News : \" I 'm massively favour a stadium the right place we can get the money . \" But it 's the Conservative promises the NHS , they 're not saying where the money 's going to come . \" Stephen Richardson , who is standing Mebyon Kernow Truro and Falmouth , said : \" You have to excuse me I do n't believe a single syllable any David Cameron promise the election campaign . \" Click here more information the constituency and a full list candidates .", "Rooney , 28 , is considering an offer that would make him the highest paid player United 's history . The England striker is the final 18 months his \u00a3 250,000-a-week contract and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho remains interested signing him . United and Rooney hope to conclude contract talks the coming week . Rooney , who joined United Everton August 2004 , is the fourth-highest goalscorer United history . However , according former United manager Sir Alex Ferguson , Rooney asked a transfer the end last season . He was linked a move Chelsea last summer and the Blues had a bid rejected United . Rooney scored 11 goals 24 games United this season being sidelined an injury which has kept him 1 January .", "The 25-year-old scored 15 goals 54 appearances the U 's last season , but has not played a game this term . The Stags say the deal contains an option to agree a permanent move . \" This is a young man who I first tried to sign when he was scoring goals the Scottish Premier League Dundee ,\" manager Steve Evans told the club website . Media playback is not supported this device Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "The aircraft , nicknamed \" Bette \" one its pilot 's girlfriends , was built 1941 donations the Borough Lambeth Spitfire Fund . It was stationed Cornwall , Hampshire , Norfolk and Shropshire the war but crashed 1944 . Bidding stalled its \u00c2 \u00a3 120,000 \u00c2 \u00a3 150,000 valuation . The aircraft saw service four RAF squadrons 1941 and 1944 and was flown author Alec Lumsden , who gave it the name Bette and added a character the Daily Mirror cartoon strip ' Just Jake ' the paint work . it crashed Shropshire September 1944 , killing its Australian pilot , its wreckage was taken Ibsley museum , Ringwood , Hampshire and displayed . The aircraft was later passed a collector who showed it events . It has also been immortalised modelmakers Airfix and Revell . John Tomlin , Historics Brooklands , said : \" The historical side war birds is an up-and-coming market . There are now about 42 flying Spitfires and this seems to be increasing ever year . \" The rarity , the history and the provenance all these aircraft make them very investable items and they 're investments that can be used and enjoyed a lot people . \" Experts believe it would cost about \u00c2 \u00a3 1.8m to fully restore the plane .", "The boar - which has a moving head - is one a number animated replica creatures Mountfitchet Castle . Staff the site , an open air museum , were surprised to find two nests had been created next the arc its belly . Owner Jeremy Goldsmith said seeing the hatched chicks Thursday morning had been a \" lovely surprise \" staff . He said it remained unclear why the hens had made the nests the boar , it was likely they chose it it was a secluded spot straw , and perhaps a sense protection the replica animal The chicks have been seen playing top the boar 's back and head .", "it limits recruitment the EU , it has \" stimulated recruitment \" EU countries , the home affairs select committee said . Net migration rose 30 % the year June , 336,000 - more three times David Cameron 's intended target . The PM has said he will not abandon his aim to reduce the figure 100,000 . the immigration cap , introduced 2011 , the number \" tier 2 \" visas issued skilled workers non-EU countries is limited 20,700 a year . But a report the select committee concluded the limit had been \" counter-productive \" . It added \" a large number \" applications nurses job offers the UK were being rejected limits the number visas issued each month . Committee chairman Keith Vaz said the government 's immigration cap was having \" no effect \" bringing net migration - the difference those coming the country and those going each year - but \" could have caused a crisis the NHS this winter \" . He said : \" When the cap was reached earlier this year , we saw the perverse effects the system , the cap prioritises higher-paid jobs . \" June , nurses were being prevented working the UK , which necessitated the government taking emergency measures to allow recruitment to continue . \" this was a very welcome move , it is clear to see the system could have caused a crisis the NHS this winter . \" A system which encourages panicked adjustments to be functional is not fit purpose . Nurses should remain the shortage occupation list . \" A total 641,000 people moved the UK 2014 , the Office National Statistics said .", "The breakdown service , which also reported a rise personal memberships 0.4 % 3,335,000 the six months the end January , said it had so far absorbed the price rise . Insurance premium tax ( IPT ) was 6 % 2015 , but is going up 12 % June . The AA said it would look its fees the tax increased again . \" We have managed to protect our members ,\" the AA explained . \" But this is an industry-wide challenge and we will need to review our pricing policy the context any future increase IPT . \" The increase memberships - an \" important milestone \" , according the company - halted a long-standing drop figures . It came the AA signed more members , a 19 % rise new business year-on-year , and kept more existing customers , its retention rate improving 82 % . It added there was a 5 % rise the number breakdown call-outs the 12 months the end January , again reversing a trend gradual decline , which it described \" unhelpful costs the short term \" . However , the company explained this did increase the chances people renewing their membership . The AA has been investing technology , more a fifth its members ( 22 %) using its app breakdowns , its newly-launched in-house underwriter recorded 115,000 car insurance policies its first year , more expected .", "Justin Welby made the announcement a meeting primates the Anglican Communion Canterbury . the UK , an act Parliament passed 1928 allowed Easter Sunday to be fixed the first Sunday the second Saturday April . However , this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable , determined the moon 's cycle . Easter is the most important Christian festival , it celebrates the resurrection Jesus Christ following his death crucifixion Good Friday . The archbishop said he was talks Pope Francis , Coptic leader Pope Tawadros , and the leader the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew . Mr Welby said he hoped the change would happen \" five and 10 years time \" . \" I would love to see it I retired \" , he said , he warned the first attempt to make such a change was the 10th Century . An Anglican source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a common date then . Easter is the first Sunday the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox , meaning it can be celebrated a Sunday 22 March and 25 April . But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar , hence has later Easter celebrations compared those Western Christianity . 1990 , the Vatican approved a proposal a fixed date , which was subject agreement other Christian churches and governments . It has not yet been reached .", "The anti-IS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently said a water pumping station had been hit , the Taj Hall and Furousiya area . IS-linked news agency Amaq also said Raqqa 's water supply had been cut . Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot , a chemical weapons factory and a training camp . A defence ministry statement said the strikes had inflicted \" significant damage \" and a large number militants had been killed . Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently ( RBSS ) , whose activists have reported developments the ground Raqqa IS militants seized control the city early 2014 , said the water pumping station hit Thursday 's strikes was located the nearby village Kasrat . Residents found their water had been cut \" totally \" afterwards , it added . Amaq also reported the \" interruption the water supply all neighbourhoods \" . RBSS said 20 civilians had been killed and 50 others wounded the air strikes , but the UK-based Syrian Observatory Human Rights put the death toll higher . It said 24 civilians had died , six others whose identities could not yet be confirmed . Raqqa , estimated to have a population 250,000 and 500,000 , has become the de facto capital the \" caliphate \" whose creation was proclaimed IS two years ago it took control large swathes territory Syria and Iraq . IS militants are currently pressure two separate offensives west and north-west Raqqa Russian-backed Syrian government forces and an alliance Kurdish and Arab fighters supported the US .", "The 22-year-old has not appeared Shrewsbury this season , but has played once Mansfield Town and four times Wrexham loan . Bolton youth product Caton has also played Blackpool and has loan spells Accrington and Chester joining Shrewsbury 2014 . Caton follows Jamie McCombe , 33 , signing the National League side . The centre-back , who played 101 games the club his first spell , has left Stevenage and signed a contract the end the 2016-17 season .", "Kirklees Council had been consulting plans to replace paid staff seven sites Huddersfield volunteers . Protesters who gathered a council meeting Wednesday said a survey had showed 66 % people were opposed the plan . The council later said there would be no changes three years . Campaigners said the decision was \" wonderful \" . The changes would have affected libraries Honley , Golcar , Slaithwaite , Lepton , Kirkheaton , Denby Dale and Shepley . Campaigner June Jones said replacing professional library staff volunteers was not sustainable and was likely to have led library closures . Ms Jones , Save Slaithwaite Library , said : \" It 's wonderful our communities and we are going to be drinking champagne the next week . \"", "Like-for-like sales were up 4.9 % the quarter compared a year earlier , part the continued success meal deals . The company said it would continue to benefit \" low cost pressures and a stronger consumer environment \" . But it warned wage pressures could drive costs next year . Chief executive Roger Whiteside told the BBC the chain already paid staff more the national minimum wage , but rising labour costs would lead \" longer term inflationary pressure \" . He said the business would \" look cost efficiencies to offset \" any rising costs , but added labour costs \" held no fear us \" . Shares Greggs opened sharply higher and continued to climb afternoon trading . \" The good times continue to roll Greggs , the bakery chain posting an impressive third quarter performance , following a dynamic 51.3 % increase first half pre-tax profits ,\" said George Scott retail analyst Conlumino . The chain said meal deals , where customers can buy a drink together food a discount , were proving popular , particularly breakfast time . Greggs has refitted 158 stores this year , opening 65 and closing 47 . The company now has 1,668 outlets . \" We have the High Street pretty well covered ,\" Mr Whiteside said , most new openings would be other areas , such motorway services and garage forecourts .", "Jung won Sam , who was a late replacement when Fischertakinou contracted an infection July . France 's Astier Nicolas took silver and American Phillip Dutton won bronze GB 's William Fox-Pitt finished 12th . Fox-Pitt , 47 , was competing just 10 months being placed an induced coma following a fall . The three-time Olympic medallist , Chilli Morning , produced a faultless performance Tuesday 's final show-jumping phase . But the former world number one 's medal bid had already been ruined a disappointing performance the cross-country phase Monday . He led the dressage phase , but dropped 21st incurring several time penalties the cross country . Ireland 's Jonty Evans finished ninth Cooley Rorkes Drift . Why not come along , meet and ride Henry the mechanical horse some the Official Team GB fan parks the Rio Olympics ? Find how to get equestrian our special guide . Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "A stake a local energy business could cost just \u00c2 \u00a3 5 , and the industry says it could generate an annual return 6 % and 9 % . The scheme aims to reduce local opposition renewable energy development . It has been developed the renewable industry community groups . The Shared Ownership Taskforce plan follows similar programmes Denmark which have been running more two decades . It applies anything entering the planning system Monday . More 70 % people the UK nationally say they like wind farms , according a government survey . However , proximity often provokes a different response and the wind farms are frequently considered a blot the landscape . The government previously insisted wind farm developers should give local communities \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 a year every megawatt energy installed - to support local initiatives . The taskforce goes further insisting any new applications entering the planning system must offer to sell part their business locals - somewhere 5 and 25 % . This can be the form directly-owned shares , crowd-funding or debentures . Nina Skorupska , Chief Executive , Renewable Energy Association welcomes the plan . She told BBC News : \" Elsewhere Europe this is commonplace , so we 're very pleased the UK is also working this vision a more open energy market . \" The scheme has been promoted the Energy and Climate Change Secretary , Edward Davey . He said : \" Community energy is revolutionising renewable energy development the UK , and shared ownership will offer people the opportunity to buy the green energy that their own communities are producing . \" The Vice-Chair the Taskforce and an associate Co-operatives UK , Rebecca Willis , said : \" We know our experience grass roots level there 's a substantial appetite local communities to invest renewable energy . \" There are , though , still likely to be areas where local people will prefer to keep their uninterrupted view to cash a regular dividend cheque . Local groups facing shale gas developments their area may regard the renewables scheme interest . Follow Roger Harrabin Twitter @ rharrabin", "The injured pets needed amputations following air rifle attacks Cranleigh , Guildford and Woking March and April . Police said Franky Mills , Long Gore Farncombe , faces eight charges criminal damage and eight a firearms offence . A five-year-old cat called Ruby was shot the spine and put vets . Another cat Cranleigh survived but lost her eye . Police said Mr Mills had been released bail and is due to appear Guildford magistrates 9 August .", "Oneil Din , 27 , Coventry , got caught a rip current and died Crantock beach , Cornwall 15 August . Crantock Parish Council told the duchy April it was \" extremely concerned the safety risks the public \" . The duchy said new warning signs were put 2016 and it planned to \" see what more can possibly be done \" . More this story , and other Devon and Cornwall news The duchy was involved a series meetings and concluded there was no \" simple solution \" the area had protected status , and re-engineering the course a river was a complicated and long process no guarantees success . The council said the beach had become more dangerous a breakwater was damaged storms 2015 , causing the River Gannel to change course . Earlier this month 11 bodyboarders had to be rescued the same beach . The council said : \" the river diverted , very significant movements sand have occurred that have made bathing conditions extremely dangerous certain states tide and sea condition \" . The council met the duchy , the National Trust and the Marine Management Organisation 27 January to discuss the issue but no repairs were authorised . It also wrote a letter the duchy April saying it remained \" extremely concerned the safety risks the public large a very busy beach , especially the summer , and the possibility an unfortunate , and potentially fatal , situation occurring \" . RNLI lifeguard supervisor John Steadman said the recent death : \" Crantock beach has some unpredictable currents the moment the topography the beach constantly changing . \" The duchy , which has land 23 counties and funds the activities the Prince Wales , expressed its condolences and said a statement : \" 2016 new signs were installed to alert people the danger strong currents and other risks . \" We plan to meet again the parish council , National Trust and other stakeholders to see what more can possibly be done . \" The National Trust , which has responsibility the beach the high water mark , said it had categorised Crantock a \" higher risk \" beach , \" account the river running the beach and the resulting rip current \" . high tide the sea covers Crantock beach , leaving sand dunes and a car park the top the beach .", "The US economy grew an annual rate 0.2 % the first three months the year , far lower forecasts . The Federal Reserve also kept interest rates a record low , blaming the slower growth \" transitory factors \" . Japan 's Nikkei 225 was down 2.7 % 19,520.21 , its biggest loss nearly four months . The market extended losses Bank Japan left its monetary policy unchanged , lacklustre company earnings also had their impact the benchmark index . Shares Honda fell 6.7 % it announced a fall profit the fiscal year March , it deals recalls following exploding air-bags . Drug maker Takeda shares fell 3 % it warned it would make a loss a $ 2.4bn US legal settlement linked its Actos diabetes drug . Chinese shares headed lower Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index falling 0.9 % 28,157.71 , the Shanghai Composite was 0.6 % lower 4,449.17 . Shares AAC Technologies Hong Kong fell 5.2 % a report the Wall Street Journal the Apple Watch had defective component , which was supplied the Chinese company . Australia , the benchmark S & P / ASX 200 ended down 0.8 % 5,790 . South Korea 's benchmark Kospi index closed down 0.7 % 2,127.17 - marking its fifth consecutive day losses . Government data showed the country 's industrial output fell a seasonally adjusted 0.4 % March February - missing market expectations .", "A draw was inevitable only 86.2 overs were possible the first four days heavy rain Sydney . The West Indies , who resumed 248-7 , were 330 all out Warner hit an 82-ball century , the quickest ever Sydney , Australia reached 176-2 . Australia were already 2-0 up the series , but the draw stops them moving top the Test rankings . The opening two hours the final day were also lost rain but Denesh Ramdin was able to complete his second half century the match he was caught Steve Smith Steve O'Keefe . Fellow off-spinner Nathan Lyon had Kemar Roach ( 15 ) caught short leg Joe Burns to leave the tourists 300-9 . Lyon snaffled a catch point O'Keefe removed Jerome Taylor 13 to finish a Test best 3-63 . reply , Warner brought his half century just 42 balls a six Jomel Warrican but the West Indies spinner did remove Burns , who lofted a catch Roach mid-on to depart 26 . Mitchell Marsh ( 21 ) top-edged a sweep Jermaine Blackwood slip to gift Warrican ( 2-62 ) a second wicket . then Warner had completed his 16th Test century but both sides elected to end the game a draw midway the final session .", "Meanwhile more 30,000 people the eastern city Halle have been told to leave their homes rivers reached their highest level 400 years . Floodwater is also threatening parts Austria and the Czech Republic . least 13 people have died and two are missing a result the floods . Rising waters have been triggered heavy rain following a wet spring . Eight deaths were recorded the Czech Republic and three Germany , two people were reported dead and two missing Austria , according a European Commission update Tuesday evening . Parts Germany have not seen such severe flooding centuries . However , the Czech Republic , the water level has stabilised the capital Prague , where there had been fears a repeat disasters 2002 and 1997 . Helicopters started removing residents their homes Deggendorf Wednesday two levees the Danube and Isar rivers broke . Firefighter Alois Schraufstetter said the floodwater the Bavarian town was 3m ( 9.8ft ) high . \" This is a life-threatening situation ,\" he was quoted saying Germany 's DPA news agency . Four farmers were rescued the very last minute a helicopter their tractor was submerged , he added . German newspapers said water levels the eastern city Halle were their highest four centuries . Officials said the city was acute danger floodwaters the Saale river damaged a section dykes . The level the River Elbe the historic German city Dresden , where at least 600 people were evacuated , is not expected to peak Thursday morning . Coaches reportedly ferried people the town Muhlberg , about 40km ( 25 miles ) northwest Dresden , thousands were told to leave Wednesday afternoon . Chemical plants next the swollen rivers have been shut and their chemicals removed safety concerns , the Associated Press reports . Meanwhile , the floods were receding the south German city Passau . People could be seen sweeping muck their streets . the Austrian city Krems , emergency workers have been shoring a dyke threat the swollen Danube . Thousands people left their homes the Czech Republic recent days floodwater threatened to overwhelm flood barriers . the low-lying industrial city Usti nad Labem , the River Elbe spilled the 10m-high ( 33ft-high ) metal flood barriers . The main rail link connecting Prague and Berlin Germany have been underwater , trains being diverted . Anti-flood barriers have reportedly gone up to protect the Czech capital 's zoo it was badly hit , causing animals to be evacuated .", "The incident took place close Caernarfon 's Crown Court and fire station just 09:00 BST Thursday . The mother-of-five was airlifted hospital Stoke-on-Trent . North Wales Police has said her 46-year-old partner has been arrested . \" This is being treated a domestic-related crime but I would like to reassure the community a swift arrest was made ,\" said Det Chf Insp Iestyn Davies . The Welsh Ambulance Service said they were called 09:00 BST reports a woman had been assaulted . Police said the victim remains a serious but stable condition . Forensic investigations are being carried the location , which links nearby estates a local primary and secondary school .", "Police were called Oxlow Lane , Dagenham , 23:00 BST Saturday reports a street fight . Officers recovered three large knives , scissors and cannabis the \" large and unpredictable \" crowd , they said . Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one suspicion possessing an offensive weapon and the other suspicion an assault police . Scotland Yard said no one had been injured the event . Insp Jason O'Donohue said : \" getting these knives the street when they did , my officers have helped save lives and prevented another needless tragedy . \"", "Andrew Haldane said a speech he was downbeat the UK economy weaker global growth , low wage growth and financial and political risks . \" Put rather plainer English , I am gloomier ,\" Mr Haldane said . \" This implies interest rates could remain lower longer , certainly I had expected three months ago . \" Global markets have tumbled this week , investors disconcerted the lack growth Europe and especially Greece , the impact Ebola , and worrying economic data China and the US . Previously , UK interest rates had been expected to rise early next year . Mr Haldane made his remarks a speech local business leaders Kenilworth , where he described the UK 's economy \" writhing both agony and ecstasy \" . He said there were still plenty reasons to be cheerful . Growth is set to be the fastest any major economy this year and inflation and borrowing costs are low , he said . However , he said the \" reasons to be fearful \" included productivity and wages , which had not risen . \" there is genuine uncertainty the path the economy , the optimal policy response may be to avoid the worst outcomes ,\" said Mr Haldane . Sterling dropped 0.5 % the dollar following his remarks . Share trading the London market has been volatile . Mr Haldane 's caution global economic prospects were echoed the Chancellor , George Osborne , who told the BBC the worldwide economy was \" more unstable it has been some time \" . Mr Osborne would not comment Mr Haldane 's remarks . But he said there were \" a lot global risks out there the moment \" affecting the international economy . \" Interest rates are entirely a matter the independent Bank England , the monetary policy committee there ,\" Mr Osborne said . He added : \" I 'll say this the economy more generally - there are clearly a lot global risks out there the moment - we see these problems the European economy , we 've got this horrific disease Ebola West Africa , all the problems the Middle East and the Ukrainian border . \" The global economy is more unstable it has been some time . That is all the more reason why the UK we have to stick the stability we have won . \" He said it was important to \" make sure Britain is well protected we 're these stormy international economic waters \" . Earlier this month , Mr Osborne warned the eurozone slowdown will impact UK economy .", "The Taiwanese firm , also known Foxconn Technology , posted a net profit NT $ 37bn ($ 1.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 814m ) the October December quarter . It also reported a 16 % jump full year profit 2012 NT $ 94.8bn . Foxconn is the world 's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one its biggest clients . According some estimates , orders Apple account almost half Foxconn 's total revenue . the October December quarter , Apple had sold 47.8 million iPhones , up 37 million a year earlier . Meanwhile , the launch iPad mini , also boosted sales its tablet PCs - it sold 22.9 million iPads , compared 15.4 million the same period 2011 . However , the heavy reliance Apple has also raised concerns Foxconn 's growth may slow the coming months . Some analysts said the rapid rate growth smartphones and tablet PCs had seen recent years could not be sustained . \" most the developed economies , smartphones are a mature penetration stage and tablets are pretty close being that stage ,\" said Andrew Milroy consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan . Mr Milroy added Apple had so far not been able to replicate the success it enjoyed the developed economies emerging markets . He explained the emerging economies , Apple products were still very expensive and reach many consumers . the same time , Apple is facing increased competition other smartphone makers those markets . \" They are being hammered low-cost smartphones countries such China ,\" he said . The fear is Apple 's growth rate slows , it will have a knock effect suppliers such Foxconn .", "Elgan Varney , 33 , was accused raping Hannah Stubbs , who was a student Keele University , Staffordshire . The 22-year-old killed herself her Stafford home August 2015 . Judge John Fletcher cleared Mr Varney , formerly Newcastle-under-Lyme , two counts rape and one sexual assault the CPS offered no evidence him . See more stories Stoke and Staffordshire here the hearing Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court , prosecutor Karim Khalil QC said the decision not to continue the prosecution had been taken the \" highest level \" the CPS . The CPS said the case had been kept regular review and prosecutors were no longer satisfied there was a realistic prospect conviction . Defence counsel Ann Cotcher QC told the court Mr Varney had been \" removed his attempts education \" Keele the proceedings him . \" This is an allegation that goes back 2014 ,\" Ms Cotcher told the brief hearing . \" The defendant was interviewed , was the complainant , March 2015 , almost exactly two years ago . \" Following the hearing , Mr Varney offered his condolences the family Ms Stubbs . a statement read his solicitor , Hollie Alcock , Mr Varney said : \" This is not a time celebration me - quite simply , I should never have been charged and put this horrendous ordeal . \" He also called a change the law to provide anonymity those charged but not convicted sexual offences . a statement , Ms Stubbs' parents , Paul and Mandy Stubbs , said : \" We do n't want what happened Hannah to define her life or our memory the kind and loving person that she was . \" An inquest recorded a narrative verdict she had taken her own life following post-traumatic stress . A spokesman the university said : \" Based today 's outcome , we will be conversation Mr Varney the coming weeks . \" is standard practice , any such discussion will be confidential the university and the student . \"", "Japanese-owned chemical firm Sekisui Alveo said production its Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will end March 2018 . The plant will be decommissioned four stages the next three years , the company said . It is part a move to relocate production Roermond the Netherlands , it added . Alan Gunter , manufacturing director the Merthyr Tydfil site , said the decision to decommission the plant had \" not been taken lightly \" . \" I am immensely proud our highly professional workforce and I would like to thank them all their commitment and dedication ,\" he said . \" We are aware this is a difficult time employees the Merthyr Tydfil production plant and we will do everything to support them and their families and the plant 's staged decommissioning . \" We will also continue to collaborate the local authorities the coming months . \"", "The mythical ruler 's legendary court has been associated locations Wales , including Carmarthen , St David 's , and Cardigan . Now a retired Bangor University professor has revealed what he believes to be the true location Camelot . And it turns to be a small Roman fort Slack , the outskirts Huddersfield West Yorkshire . Prof Peter Field , a renowned expert Arthurian literature , said : \" It was quite chance . I was looking some maps , and suddenly all the ducks lined . \" I believe I may have solved a 1,400-year-old mystery . \" Previous best guesses the location the round table include Caerleon Newport , Somerset 's Cadbury Castle , and Tintagel Cornwall . Roman times , Slack was home a fort called Camulodunum , which means \" the fort the god Camul \" . the years , well-recognised linguistic processes would have reduced Camulodunum Camelot . almost forgotten and insignificant today , and even it was abandoned and dilapidated the relevant time King Arthur A.D . 500 , Prof Field argues this site Slack would still have been considered a strategic stronghold . that time , Celtic-speaking Britons , who could have been led King Arthur , held the north and the west coast the invading Anglo-Saxons . Slack , the Roman road Chester York , would have been the ideal location which to defend the east coast . Prof Field added : \" there was a real King Arthur , he will have lived AD500 , the first mention him Camelot is a French poem the Champagne region France 1180 . \" There is no mention Camelot the period those dates , known the Dark Ages , when the country was war , and very little was recorded . \" this gap , people passed information , much got lost transmission , and people may have made facts or just messed known information . \" Prof Field , who taught Bangor 1964 2004 , has been researching the location Camelot the past 18 months . He spoke his findings the official launch Bangor University 's Stephen Colclough centre the history and culture the book .", "Vardy , 29 , has not scored the champions 10 September - a run 14 games - but netted England 's 2-2 friendly draw Spain last week . His form is stark contrast a year ago , when he scored a record 11th Premier League game a row . \" He has restarted and is very close scoring ,\" said Ranieri . \" He has started to also score training , and that is good news also , the training , he did n't score so well . \" Vardy has scored twice the league this season compared 13 the same stage 2015-16 . He finished last season 28 goals 48 appearances club and country . his last club goal , the Foxes have slipped 14th the table just two wins nine matches . Ranieri believes Vardy and team-mate Riyad Mahrez no longer boast the \" surprise \" factor that worked their favour last season . The Italian said : \" That is the big problem . Jamie is always normal , the same last season . You do n't see him nervous or frustrated . \" But sooner or later Vardy will come back . I speak every day him . He is very calm , very concentrated his job , to work the team . \" Leicester , who have qualified their Champions League group a game to spare , host Middlesbrough the Premier League Saturday ( 15:00 GMT ) .", "Police were called Jackson Road Clacton about 21:10 BST Tuesday . The female officer was seriously hurt and remains hospital and a colleague who also tried to intervene received a minor leg injury , Essex Police said . A 23-year-old woman Clacton and a man aged 21 were arrested and have been released investigation . Police are appealing witnesses . More news Essex The \" disturbance a group adults and youngsters \" began Jackson Road and moved the corner West Avenue and Agate Road , the force said .", "Some residents James Turner Street Birmingham complained they had been misled appearing the programme . Producers the reality television show have denied that . Now , one charity which accused the makers misrepresenting residents has offered a solution : a self-defence kit unwanted advances . Oasis , a community and education charity , runs the primary school Birmingham where Benefits Street was filmed . Reverend Steve Chalke , who founded Oasis , said other communities have approached them asking advice what to do they get attention reality TV producers . He said : \" We ca n't proactively defend every community the country . \" However , we believe the new self-defence kit will give people the chance to benefit what we 've learnt . \" The kit , which is its website , contains advice how to discourage television producers . It also has what it calls a \" decoder \" to translate what a producer might really mean they describe the programme they want to make . more 900 complaints , watchdog Ofcom ruled Channel 4 did not breach the broadcasting code . A second series is thought to be way Teesside . A Channel 4 spokesperson said : \" We are always transparent and clear residents the extensive briefings that are given pre-filming and operate highly robust duty care protocols contributors which were praised the regulator Ofcom ' demonstrating best practice ' . \" Filming the second series recently began Stockton-On-Tees , many months transmission the first and the subsequent media reaction , residents were already familiar the nature and profile the programme . \" The majority them have been happy to co-operate and support filming , even the face external pressure put them vested interests the street . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "The package offer the government includes a pay rise and a reduction the retirement age . The deal will now be put a ballot the union 's membership . 10,000 prison officers England and Wales protested last month claims a \" surge \" jail violence . They stopped work claims a \" surge violence \" jails but returned work a High Court injunction ordered them to end their 24-hour protest . the agreement , prison officers will be allowed to retire 65 - three years ahead the current state pension age - no cost them and full pension benefits . Uniformed staff will also be given consolidated pay rises 0.5 % and 1 % each the next three years , top usual performance-related pay increases . They also stand to receive a \" recognition and retention \" package totalling \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 . Prisons minister Sam Gyimah , said the government and POA had also \" agreed a significant number health and safety reforms as well new powers governors terms how they deploy their staff prisons \" . The POA directed members to take action last month talks the government health and safety concerns broke . It came multiple high-profile incidents prisons England . October , Jamal Mahmoud , an inmate HMP Pentonville , died being stabbed death an attack the prison , which left two others injured . And last month prisoners caused almost \u00c2 \u00a3 1m damage a riot Bedford prison . Days later HMP Isle Wight , an inmate cut a prison officer 's throat a razor blade the way back his cell . an effort to tackle safety issues Justice Secretary Liz Truss unveiled proposals detailing \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn investment new prisons the next five years , including plans 2,100 extra prison officers , drug tests inmates entry and exit prisons , and more autonomy governors . response the new pay deal she said : \" This agreement is a good offer which rightly recognises the hard work and dedication officers the country doing a tough job . \"", "Alan Wright and his wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden Cranbrook September 2015 . He said a man they spoke to took their photo the gardens . Mrs Wright , Kent , died three months later . A tweet the National Trust , which runs the site , has been shared more 600 times . A trust spokesman said it was a \" heartbreaking story \" . He added : \" luck the [ person ] who took the photograph Sissinghurst Castle Garden will see Alan 's letter and come forward . \" Mr Wright wrote the trust 's magazine help tracking the mystery photographer . He wrote : \" I have realised this would have been the last photo ever taken her . I would dearly love to obtain a copy . \"", "It says \" cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams ... that de-pigment the skin ... are now forbidden \" . Whitening creams have been popular years young women - and some men - Africa , who believe they make them more beautiful . But medical experts say they may cause cancer , diabetes , severe skin conditions and other diseases . \" The number people side-effects caused these medicines is really high ,\" Christian Doudouko , a member Ivory Coast 's pharmaceutical authority , was quoted saying the AFP news agency . Latest African news updates Africa : Where black is not really beautiful British consultant dermatologist Justine Kluk told the BBC the major concern was unregulated products , which may contain ingredients such mercury or excessive amounts steroids . \" one thinks steroids being present these products , they 're often present much higher quantities we would prescribe ,\" she said . She said the creams can cause a variety health issues , such \" acne , thinning the skin , glaucoma or cataracts applied the eyes \" . \" Or applied liberally the whole body , [ they can ] cause high blood pressure , diabetes , osteoporosis , weight gain , mood disturbance absorption large amounts steroids ,\" she said . However , analysts say the ban may not stop people buying the products . They are still used The Gambia a ban . South Africa has the world 's toughest laws skin lighteners , having prohibited the most active ingredient - hydroquinone , but a University Cape Town study found more a third South African women still buy them . The use whitening creams Africa is most widespread Nigeria - where more 75 % women buy them , according a 2008 UN Environment Programme study .", "Lib Dem Lord Oates accused Labour being prepared to \" concede everything \" , and the opposition 's leader the Lords , Baroness Smith , responded his party was giving people \" false hope \" . The two parties had teamed to help inflict defeats the government concerning the rights EU citizens and parliamentary approval a Brexit deal . But that co-operation went the window when MPs rejected those amendments - Lib Dems determined to insist them and Labour prepared to defer the Commons . A Labour source the Lords told the BBC it was \" fairly obvious grandstanding \" the Lib Dems , and geared content their campaign leaflets . \" It 's pretty unforgiveable to build false hope people genuinely worried their future Britain , when you already know MPs were ready to dig the government ,\" the source said . their part , the Lib Dems' Europe spokesperson Baroness Ludford accused Labour \" waving the government 's plans \" and \" lining the Conservatives they drive forward a hard Brexit \" . It 's not just Brexit the two biggest opposition parties have a track record forming alliances - they have trooped the lobbies together to impose government defeats bills dealing issues higher education housing . Baroness Ludford seemed sanguine their chances coming together again , saying : \" The Liberal Democrats will continue to work peers the House to fight the issues we agree . \" But the Labour source predicted \" residual tensions \" , adding : \" I ca n't imagine there 'll be much demand here to organise a ' progressive consensus summer drinks' gathering . \" Our respective leaderships will course continue to keep things business-like . \"", "A further 111 are thought to have been wounded the strikes . Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning revealed the figures a written parliamentary question Lib Dem leader Tim Farron . He said they were an estimate strike sites cannot be visited and assessed the UK . Mr Farron had asked the Ministry Defence how many militants the terrorist group had been killed British forces Iraq 2 December 2015 2 December 2016 . Mr Penning replied : \" the period question it is assessed there were a total 111 enemy wounded action and a total 1,306 enemy killed action a result UK air strikes . \" The UK cannot visit strike sites and conduct detailed investigations the ground Iraq . Therefore the number combatants killed and / or wounded is an estimated figure only . \" The UK parliament backed British participation air strikes IS Iraq back September 2014 . Just a year later 2015 , MPs authorised air strikes IS Syria . The UK has conducted more 1,200 airstrikes Iraq and Syria it became involved - more any other coalition country bar the United States . BBC analysis has shown 2017 , UK forces dropped bombs Iraq and Syria 69 the first 99 days the year . RAF Typhoons and Reaper drones have been supporting Iraqi and Kurdish forces trying to liberate Mosul , northern Iraq , recent months .", "Using a pseudonym His Royal Gingerness ( HRG ) , the hacker told the BBC he wanted to highlight the website 's \" vulnerability \" . It only took him a few minutes to hack the site , he said . Norwich International Airport director Richard Pace condemned the hacking a crime that police were investigating . HRG pointed he made his attack to see he could gain access , a more maliciously-minded intruder could have done damage . He claimed he knew someone who had planned to plant a bomb hoax the system Christmas , but said he was able to prevent that happening . Mr Pace said the information website was not linked the airport 's operations system , he acknowledged removing it was a serious inconvenience passengers . He admitted malicious hackers could have planted a bomb hoax the site . The airport 's operations director promised a robust replacement site - more secure protocols and systems - would be operational weeks . the meantime , passengers can get information calling 01603 411923 . HRG , who asked not to be identified he fears prosecution , said he hacked the site \" to see I could \" . \" I found I could do it and then contacted the airport to let them know ,\" he said . \" It took me two three minutes to do this . I do this mostly to see what vulnerability there are modern systems . \"", "Lancashire County Council has earmarked land the former Glenburn Sports College and Skelmersdale College . The sports college closed August , Skelmersdale College 's Westbank campus , owned Newcastle College , is also unused . The decision follows a comparative study Network Rail both sites and one the Concourse shopping centre . Skelmersdale 's original railway station closed passengers 1956 . The council - which owns Glenburn Sports College - said Skelmersdale could get two direct trains Liverpool hour the plans it has made partnership Merseytravel and West Lancashire Borough Council . County councillor John Fillis , cabinet member highways and transport , said it was an \" exciting step forward \" . He said the preferred location was big enough to allow the possibility future expansion . He added : \" It has good highway access and good connectivity the town and the surrounding area . \" The authority confirmed it will now start the process acquiring the relevant land . Skelmersdale was designated a new town 9 October 1961. . It is one the largest towns the north west England not to have its own railway station .", "Frenchman Christophe Borgye 's remains were found a property Ellesmere Port , Merseyside , 2013 - four years he was reported missing . Manuel Wagner , 29 , has been found guilty murder and sentenced a minimum jail term 16 years following a trial Liverpool Crown Court . Two other men were convicted 2014 . Mr Borgye , 36 , was killed May 2009 and buried the outbuilding the house he shared German national Wagner and fellow Frenchmen Sebastian Bendou and Dominik Kocher . Bendou contacted Cheshire Police May 2013 and led officers Mr Borgye 's body , which was wrapped tarpaulin and encased thick concrete . Officers said a low brick wall had been built the outhouse three layers concrete placed the body . A post-mortem examination found My Borgye died hammer blows the head . He had been reported missing a work colleague , but launching an investigation police said they believed he had left the country . Det Sgt Steve Currie said the case had been \" complicated \" and \" devastating \" Mr Borgye 's family , but added \" the final jigsaw piece this shocking crime is now place \" . Wagner was previously found not guilty assisting an offender and preventing a lawful burial . However , was re-arrested 2015 when new evidence came light . Bendou , now 39 , and Kocher , now 38 , were given life sentences murder minimum terms 14 and 23 years respectively 2014 .", "The accident happened the Edinburgh bypass Baberton and Dreghorn about 17:00 Monday . Police said a woman the bus was taken hospital a \" serious leg injury \" . Her injury is not thought to be life-threatening . Four other people who suffered minor injuries were also taken hospital but were later released . The eastbound lane the road was closed following the accident causing lengthy tailbacks . It was re-opened 18:45 .", "Mr Dewani , 34 , left Gatwick Airport a side entrance that was guarded police being driven away shortly 07:00 GMT . He is believed to have flown in Dubai rather taking a direct flight Cape Town the UK . He was extradited April the trial , which was thrown Monday . Judge Jeanette Traverso cleared Mr Dewani ruling the prosecution case the care home boss Bristol had arranged the death his wife Anni was flawed . Armed police officers were guard the airport preventing reporters approaching the exit used Mr Dewani . He is believed to have flown the UK an Emirates flight that landed shortly 06:30 . Judge Traverso dismissed the case Mr Dewani the Western Cape High Court , describing evidence a key prosecution witness \" riddled contradictions \" . Mr Dewani had always denied plotting to arrange the shooting his bride the back their taxi honeymoon November four years ago . His wife 's family , Sweden , are now considering to launch a civil action her husband the UK . They said the decision left many questions unanswered it meant bisexual Mr Dewani , who led a double life visiting male prostitutes the months he married , would not have to give evidence or face cross-examination . Her uncle , Ashok Hindocha , said they would make a decision legal action the Christmas holiday . Judge Traverso ruled it was not necessary Mr Dewani to give evidence , saying a defendant was entitled to be discharged there was no possibility conviction he entered the witness box and incriminated himself . She said claims the chief prosecution witness , cab driver Zola Tongo , the murder were also \" highly debatable \" and the evidence the prosecution was \" far \" the required threshold . Three men - Tongo , Mziwamadoda Qwabe and gunman Xolile Mngeni - have already been convicted their part the murder , which happened a late-night tour a township when their chauffeur-driven car was hijacked . Monde Mbolombo , a self-confessed \" middle man \" who set the murder , may also face justice having previously been granted immunity the state . The prosecution claimed Mr Dewani wanted to get his relationship Anni , 28 , and arranged a car-jacking which she would be killed . But the defence team criticised prosecution witnesses and said the case him was weak .", "Cuadrilla 's plans fracking its Preston New Road site Little Plumpton were approved October . The firm says it will put Lancashire first creating jobs , new skills , investment , and community initiatives . Opponents said they were surprised the news a legal challenge the government 's decision is outstanding . Preston New Road Action Group issued formal legal proceedings the High Court November . Cuadrilla said an \" independently audited tracker \" will monitor its pledges Lancashire . Chief executive Francis Egan said the shale gas industry would be good the county 's economy . \" We expect the exploration phase alone we will spend the order \u00c2 \u00a3 50m - clearly all that will not go Lancashire ... but we would hope half that money could get spent Lancashire ,\" he said . The firm also said Bolton-based civil engineering firm AE Yates Ltd has been awarded the site 's \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m building contract . Work is expected to start early next year , Cuadrilla said .", "Humberto Benitez Trevino 's daughter caused outrage using his influence to try to close the bistro it did not give her a table she wanted . The episode sparked a discussion abuse power the country . The sacking suggests Mexico has grown more sensitive the issue , correspondents say . The episode became a trending topic Twitter the hashtag # ladyprofeco , her father 's agency . Mt Benitez , the attorney-general consumer protection , and his daughter both apologised , but this did little to appease public anger . Wednesday , President Pena Nieto ordered his dismissal . The restaurant , Maximo Bistro Mexico City , was raided officials Andrea Benitez was not offered the table she had asked . The government said Mr Benitez was not personally involved the raid , the episode had become embarrassing the institution .", "The case the missing planes was raised when PM David Cameron met Burmese President Thein Sein . A Downing Street source said it was \" hoped this will be an opportunity to work the reforming Burmese government \" . The exact location the planes is unknown . The planes were buried 1945 the RAF fears they could either be used or destroyed foreign forces , but the intervening years they have not been located . the time they were unused , still crates , and yet to be assembled . a general election 2010 , Burma was ruled almost half a century a military junta . It has been reported experts Leeds University and an academic based Rangoon believe they may have identified the sites where the craft are concealed using sophisticated radar techniques . Friday , officials said President Thein Sein was \" very enthusiastic \" the prospect finding and restoring the planes . A Downing Street source said : \" The Spitfire is arguably the most important plane the history aviation , playing a crucial role the Second World War . \" It is hoped this will be an opportunity to work the reforming Burmese government , uncover , restore and display these fighter planes and get them gracing the skies Britain once again . \"", "A coastguard helicopter St Athan , Vale Glamorgan , flew the scene Saturday evening the one based north Wales was another mission . The pair were helped the top the ridge Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team ( MRT ) volunteers using ropes , and then winched the helicopter . They were dropped Nant Peris the MRT walked the peak .", "The Home Office decided to halt the Detained Fast Track ( DFT ) system concerns safeguards , particularly \" vulnerable applicants \" . Immigration minister James Brokenshire said he hoped the DFT system would resume weeks . It is thought 800 applicants are affected - and can now seek bail . those , it is estimated about 100 may have to be released . The system , introduced 2000 , accelerates legal hearings and appeals keeping the individual detained . It is used cases which officials believe can be decided quickly . Last month the Court Appeal ordered the Home Office to halt the system immediately an earlier High Court hearing concluded it contained \" structural unfairness \" . High Court judge Mr Justice Nicol put a \" legal stay \" - a temporary delay - his ruling 12 June , following a case brought campaign group Detention Action . This meant the fast-track system remained operation the government had exhausted all opportunities to appeal . BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said officials were worried their procedures were not as robust they should be . a statement the House Commons , Mr Brokenshire said the system had \" come significant legal challenge \" . \" Risks surrounding the safeguards the system particularly vulnerable applicants have also been identified the extent we cannot be certain the level risk unfairness certain vulnerable applicants who may enter DFT . \" light these issues , I have decided to temporarily suspend the operation the detained fast-track policy . \" I hope this pause to be short duration , perhaps only a matter weeks , but I will only resume operation this policy when I am sure the right structures are place to minimise any risk unfairness . \" The decision to suspend the process means those asylum seekers detained and awaiting hearings will be reassessed a \" senior level \" to see they can be released detention to continue their asylum application the normal way . Mr Brokenshire added : \" Those who meet the general criteria detention will not be directly affected the decision to suspend DFT . \" Many are already detained these powers , example they are risk absconding and face imminent removal . \" Only detention can no longer be justified a DFT process will applicants be released to continue their asylum claim the regular asylum system . \" He said applicants who face removal a safe third country , pose a risk the public or are foreign offenders are \" still liable to be detained or remain detained \" . The DFT system accelerated some 4,300 asylum applications or decisions 2013 . It currently processes 30 40 cases a week .", "Aamir Siddiqi , 17 , was stabbed his home Roath 2010 and two men , Jason Richards and Ben Hope , were jailed life 2013 . Mohammed Ali Ege , originally Cardiff , was arrested India 2011 accused conspiracy to commit murder . But he escaped police custody India last week . Mr Ege , who is also accused passport and identity forgery , was awaiting extradition but escaped being taken a court hearing . Authorities confirmed he escaped a railway station washroom New Delhi . Det Ch Insp Ceri Hughes said Mr Siddiqi 's family \" remain resilient and continue to receive our full support \" . Mr Ege is the Riverside area Cardiff , but he also has connections people surrounding areas . DCI Hughes added : \" We believe someone this country knows something Mohammed Ali Ege 's whereabouts , and urge such people to contact us \" .", "Chris May , 28 , was last seen family his home Kelvedon 25 May 2015 . His abandoned Volkswagen Golf was found 10 miles ( 16km ) away Fairstead . His case was formally declared a murder Essex Police investigation exactly a year later . A 35-year-old Braintree man and a 25-year-man Kelvedon have been released pending further inquiries . The two men will have to report back police late July .", "The six-month project Havelock Europa is expected to \" follow the wealth \" , where market opportunities arise the UK and globally . The Kirkcaldy-based firm also wants to extend its sourcing operation China and grow further Australia . The company has already focused its marketing efforts London . Office refurbishments the capital are Britain 's more lucrative opportunities . The firm has been a difficult corporate turnaround recent years . announcing its full-year results , the Fife firm said 2016 was \" challenging \" . Havelock Europa was back the black , pre-tax profits \u00a3 183,000 , following a 2015 loss \u00a3 2.7m . Revenue was down 2016 , largely the loss a major financial client , believed to be Lloyds Banking Group . Sales fell \u00a3 73m 2015 \u00a3 61m . trying to diversify its clients away a few large banks and education refurbishments academic holidays , the company is seeking to secure more clients the health sector and student accommodation . It is also looking a wider range retail clients , which have so far included big high street names such Marks & Spencer , Primark , Accessorize and House Fraser . Havelock Europa employs 300 people its Fife factory and marketing base , offices also China and Mansfield the English Midlands . The company 's shares fell 12 % the hours the annual results were published .", "David Harris , 68 , who had become \" besotted \" another woman , was found guilty offering to pay an undercover policeman \u00a3 150,000 to murder Hazel Allinson . His Old Bailey trial heard he wanted to inherit her West Sussex home and elope sex worker Ugne Cekaviciute , 28 . The Court Appeal confirmed papers had been lodged an appeal . Harris , the former producer the police drama series The Bill , had claimed he was researching a spy novel and denied solicitation murder his trial . But the retired producer was caught when the police officer posing a would-be hitman taped a conversation which Harris said he was \" 100 % sure \" he wanted his partner dead . The jury was told Harris had mounting debts and was desperate to inherit his partner 's \u00a3 800,000 home Amberley and set home Ms Cekaviciute . The Old Bailey was told Harris had approached London mechanic Christopher May March 2016 and said : \" I 'm offering you \u00a3 250,000 to kill my wife . \" November 2016 he met an undercover policeman posing a hitman called Chris the car park Sainsbury 's Balham , south London . They were introduced a 6ft 3in \" man mountain \" called Zed , whom Harris had previously given Ms Allinson 's details and a photograph . Unknown Harris , Zed , whose real name is Duke Dean , had already reported him City London Police , the court was told . Jailing Harris 17 years July , Judge Anne Molyneux QC said : \" your pipe dream , your obsessive infatuation a young woman , Ms Allinson , who had protected and nurtured you , was to die a painful and terrifying death an isolated spot . \" Her death was to fund your life . You had used her she had outlasted her usefulness you . \"", "Konstandinos Erik Scurfield , 25 , an ex-Royal Marine Barnsley , died the Syrian city Qamishli 2 March , Kurdish officials have said . His coffin was handed his father and uncle a ceremony involving hundreds Syrian Kurds . Mr Scurfield 's father , Chris , said the ceremony had been \" overwhelming \" . He told BBC Middle East correspondent Jim Muir the emotional ceremony was \" very special and very comforting \" his family . Our correspondent said the ceremony was also a \" big moment \" the Kurds , who had turned to pay their last respects the Briton who came \" halfway the world to fight - and die - their struggle IS militants \" . Hundreds people - including Kurdish fighters , women and foreign fighters the region - watched Mr Scurfield 's coffin was loaded an ambulance , where it will be transported Erbil , the capital Iraqi Kurdistan . The coffin was decorated flowers and was draped a Kurdish flag and a Union Jack . Some time would be needed Erbil to complete the necessary paperwork Mr Scurfield 's body can be flown back the UK , our correspondent added . Mr Scurfield , an expert battlefield medicine , is believed to have travelled Syria three or four months ago . He is said to have gone Syria he was \" horrified the atrocities being carried \" there . Kurdish commander Redor Khalil said the Briton had been killed fighting Kurdish forces the frontline village Tel Khuzela . His family has paid tribute his \" courage , conviction and honour \" . a statement , they said : \" We are devastated to confirm the death our son Konstandinos Erik Scurfield Syria where he went to support the forces opposing Islamic State . \" His flame might have burned briefly but it burned brightly love , courage , conviction and honour and we are very proud him . \" The family 's friends and neighbours described news Mr Scurfield 's death \" heartbreaking \" . The Home Office says there are about 600 people the region \" interest \" but have not given a breakdown what groups they may be associated . The BBC understands 100 Western volunteers - including some Britons - are fighting part the 30,000-strong Kurdish forces . More 500 Britons are believed to have travelled to join IS .", "The 32-year-old Dane spent the second half last season loan the Lilywhites where he made 14 outings . Lindegaard made 29 appearances Manchester United five years his move the Baggies . \" I 'm really happy things have fallen place we get closer the season ,\" he said . \" It was a very easy decision . I could have gone several other clubs England but it was a no brainer , I wanted to stay here . \" Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "The Streatham MP said Labour should not be \" screaming the electorate \" its poor general election performance . He spoke Labour was hit a row its stance welfare cuts . He also criticised Jeremy Corbyn , reports he is doing well the race to be Labour leader . an interview BBC Newsnight political editor Allegra Stratton , Mr Umunna said Labour were \" sent a very strong message \" the electorate the general election , where it was almost wiped the SNP Scotland and failed to make ground the Conservatives England . \" We 're running around stamping our feet , screaming the electorate when ultimately what we need to do is meet people where they are , not necessarily where we would want them to be ,\" he said . Labour has been divided how to respond the welfare cuts set George Osborne 's Budget , some MPs reacting angrily when acting leader Harriet Harman said it should not oppose all the measures . The party 's new leader will be announced a special conference September . Mr Umunna , who was briefly the leadership contest withdrawing , said the Conservatives would want Mr Corbyn to win . The odds Mr Corbyn winning the leadership have recently been reduced , he only made it the ballot paper some MPs not thought to be his supporters agreed to make the necessary number nominations him . Mr Umunna said he had nothing the Islington North MP but added his political views were not \" a politics that can win \" . He said Mr Corbyn was \" weak defence a time when global insecurity is rising \" and backed \" more generous social security payments people who can work but refuse to work \" . \" I 'll tell you what , there is no glory opposition ,\" Mr Umunna added . \" Ultimately we will betray our people we do n't get elected . \"", "Allan Stanley , 76 , Nefyn , was snorkelling the island Gozo when he was hit 19 June . His widow Diane told the inquest Caernarfon it happened seconds . She said : \" There was n't enough time me to shout or do anything . \" A conclusion accidental death was recorded coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones . The inquest heard Mr Stanley was snorkelling a bay when a rigid inflatable boat started . \" A person snorkelling is very difficult to see ,\" Mr Pritchard-Jones said . \" At best it 's only part the top the head that can be seen . \" the person operating the boat looked or made any efforts to see anyone was the water , I ca n't say . \" Pathologist Dr Mark Lord told the inquest Mr Stanley suffered head injuries and his death was \" likely to have been virtually instantaneous \" .", "Twenty-five suspects were released a lack evidence . It is the latest batch death sentences passed connection the killings - 36 men were hanged a year ago their part the massacre . IS filmed the killings , the former US base Camp Speicher , Tikrit , an early piece shock propaganda . Most the victims are believed to have been young Shia recruits who were based the camp when Tikrit was overrun IS . Photos and videos published IS the time showed soldiers being lined and shot various locations . Some bodies were pushed the River Tigris , others were buried mass graves that were found government forces recaptured the city a year later . The condemned men have the right to appeal the sentences .", "Magicseaweed , founded 2002 Kingsbridge , provides forecasting and live reporting more 4,000 beaches the world . Surfstitch purchased the firm part a combined deal that also includes surf magazine Stab . Magicseaweed said it was \" thrilled \" the deal would enable it to expand . The firm employs 22 people Kingsbridge , taking data offshore weather buoys forecast surfing conditions , allowing surfers to check conditions web cameras beaches . \" It 's a unique opportunity to find the right balance surf forecasting , inspirational content and product offerings our global surf community and millions users ,\" said co-founder Ryan Anderson . Justin Cameron , chief executive Surfstitch , said : \" We are excited to welcome Magicseaweed and Stab the Surfstitch Group . \" These businesses share our enthusiasm and passion the action sports and youth culture space , and are ideal partners to support Surfstitch 's mission to become the global destination action sports and youth lifestyle content and online retail . \"", "Play was suspended Friday afternoon winds reached 36mph and blew trees Emirates Golf Club . Garcia , who was eight under five holes when play was stopped , added five birdies and a bogey he carded a five-under-par 67 to move 12 under . Nacho Elvira is nine under , a shot clear Open champion Henrik Stenson . England 's Chris Paisley carded the joint-best second round 66 he completed 14 holes the better conditions to sit tied fifth seven under . \" Obviously we got a bit lucky the weather today . I was expecting it to be windier , but you still have to hit good shots ,\" said Garcia , who is looking his first European Tour win 2014 . \" I played nicely again and made some nice putts , I 'm very happy where I am . \" The third round is way plans to try and complete it Saturday .", "Bradford , chasing a play-off place , went ahead when Wes Thomas converted Josh Cullen 's pass , but Kevin Keen 's side levelled Ambrose 's volley . Buoyed the leveller , George Moncur struck an upright , Ambrose took Owen Garvan 's pass to make it 2-1 . It was enough to secure a double the Bantams this season . The win was Colchester 's first League One a 2-1 home success Port Vale October , and Keen 's first the competition his December appointment . Phil Parkinson 's side dropped two places ninth the defeat , their first five .", "The huts , made chalk and straw daub and wheat-thatched roofing , have been based archaeological remains found Durrington Walls , Stonehenge . Project leader Luke Winter said : \" What we 're trying to do is get a sense what these buildings looked above-ground . \" The hope is to re-build the huts Stonehenge visitor centre next year . \" What makes the buildings interesting is they were dated about the same time the large sarsen stones were being erected Stonehenge ,\" Mr Winter said . \" One the theories is these may have housed the people that were helping construction that monument . \" Inside , the project team has used a variety different daubs , made pig soil [ dung ] or chalk and straw and construction techniques that would have been used Neolithic people . \" We 've been trying a completely different way thatching a roof . Nothing is tied the roof , you would a modern thatched building but the wheat straw that we 've used is knotted and then tucked a woven framework . \" Often people think 4,500 years ago is a long time ago , which course us modern people it is , but it 's well beginnings agriculture . \" We 're looking people that were farming , keeping cows and domesticating cereal crops , and course houses were an important thing . \" The Neolithic huts will be kept another two months and will open the public the two May bank holidays .", "The news means the WBO belt would not be the line IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua Britain and Wladimir Klitschko agree to fight . Joshua 's promoter Eddie Hearn has said terms were almost agreed former champion Klitschko and hoped the IBF , WBO and WBA titles would be contested . But Ruiz Jr 's promoter Bob Arum said the WBO has sanctioned the Parker bout . The WBO is yet to confirm the decision but Arum is already considering venues and expects the match to take place Parker 's native New Zealand . The 24-year-old is undefeated 21 fights and is the WBO 's number-one ranked heavyweight , Ukrainian Klitschko second . Mexico 's Ruiz Jr , 27 , is third the list and has won all his 29 bouts . Fury has vacated the WBO and WBA straps and had his boxing licence stripped the British Boxing Board Control \" pending further investigation anti-doping and medical issues \" . The 28-year-old , who defeated Klitschko 2015 , is suffering depression and has admitted taking cocaine . November he also has an appeal hearing a doping charge issued July . It is unclear the WBA will allow Joshua to compete their version the title , but Hearn says his fighter will be action 10 December even Klitschko pursues a fight the belt a different opponent . Thursday former British heavyweight champion David Price tweeted Joshua stating \" I 'm coming to knock you December 10 \" .", "Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu \u00f4l i'r \u0175y ? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod , does dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l ... ( dyna ddigon nawr. Gol . ) Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd !", "Lionel Portillo-Meza pleaded not guilty the death Brian Terry an Arizona court Wednesday . Weapons found the scene his death were linked a US anti-gun-running scheme called Fast and Furious . the programme , the US allowed criminals to purchase guns order to trace them major arms traffickers . But US agents lost track 1,400 the firearms , including the ones believed to have killed Terry . A US justice department report has cited 14 people possible disciplinary action their roles the programme . Mr Portillo-Meza was arrested Mexico 2012 . He was flown the US Tuesday . He has been charged murder , as well assault and other charges . \" This development brings us one step closer achieving justice a beloved agent who paid the highest price protecting this country ,\" said US Attorney Southern California Laura Duffy . \" there is nothing that can be done to bring Agent Terry home again , we hope this news will bring some level comfort . \" Another man , Manuel Osorio-Arellanes , was sentenced 30 years prison February the 2010 murder , which occurred Osorio-Arellanes and his gang engaged a firefight US border agents rural Arizona . The US justice department announced a $ 1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 589,000 ) reward 2012 information leading the arrest Mr Portillo-Meza , and three others . Two the men remain fugitives , the third is waiting Mexican custody extradition . Robert Heyer , Terry 's cousin and the family 's spokesman , said they were \" thankful Mexican authorities have continued to work us \" . \" The family has gotten really good not having high expectations and knowing things are going to take lots time ,\" Mr Heyer said . \" They have become very patient the last three-plus years . So we do n't celebrate many things . \" Mr Portillo-Meza pleaded not guilty first-degree murder , second-degree murder and other charges .", "The latest threats bring the number incidents 69 27 states the past month , according the JCC Association North America . No bombs were found any the centres targeted telephone calls . Last week , 27 Jewish community centres 17 US states reported receiving hoax bomb threats . All the threats made Monday , previous incidents January , turned to be false and Jewish centres have since reopened normal services resumed . Responding the latest incidents , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said US President Donald Trump had made it \" abundantly clear \" such actions were \" unacceptable \" . \" Hatred and hate-motivated violence any kind have no place a country founded the promise individual freedom ,\" the statement , which was shared Twitter NBC News correspondent Peter Alexander , said . Mr Trump 's daughter Ivanka - who has converted Judaism and whose husband is Jewish - also condemned the threats . Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said action must be taken to prevent further incidents . a post Twitter , Mrs Clinton wrote : \" JCC threats , cemetery desecration and online attacks are so troubling and they need to be stopped . Everyone must speak , starting w /@ POTUS . \" The threats were made the Jewish community centres calls that were both pre-recorded and live , suspects using voice-disguising technology , according Israeli newspaper Haaretz . the beginning the year , there have been reports threats centres New York , New Jersey , Ohio , Florida , Massachusetts , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Delaware , Connecticut , Alabama , California , Maine , Tennessee , South Carolina , Missouri , Wisconsin , Texas and Kansas . The JCC Association North America , a network health and education centres , has since been reviewing its security plans . an earlier statement the FBI said the US justice department it was investigating possible civil rights violations connection the threats . The Anti-Defamation League , a Jewish anti-bigotry organisation , said a statement it was \" deeply disturbed \" the latest threats the Jewish community . Meanwhile , more 100 headstones have been damaged a Jewish cemetery St Louis , Missouri , local media report . the Canadian city Toronto , Mayor John Tory has condemned anti-Semitic hate notes left the homes Jewish residents .", "The police allege 28-year-old Nazrul , also called Nazu , was the man who raped the 74-year-old nun . The man , allegedly a Bangladeshi citizen , was arrested a railway station Kolkata ( Calcutta ) . The incident caused outrage India and led street protests many cities the country . This marks the sixth arrest the crime . Police have identified eight suspects the attack , which two still remain untraced . \" All the five accused arrested earlier have named Nazrul the person who raped the nun ,\" a police officer told the BBC . Dilip Kumar Adak , deputy inspector general the state 's Criminal Investigation Department , told the AFP news agency police acted a tip Nazu , who had fled Bangladesh being identified CCTV footage the attack , was due to return Kolkata train . May , the police said they had arrested Milon Sarkar and described him the leader the gang which attacked the convent . They said it was not clear what role the man had played the case . the attack Ranaghat town 14 March , money was stolen the convent school and the building ransacked , the nun was raped the convent itself .", "An emoji the Chilean flag is widely available one the Texas flag is not yet . The Chilean flag its white star a blue background resembles that the Lone Star state . Tom Oliverson said the resolution was meant to be mainly educational . The resolution calls lawmakers \" to reject the notion the Chilean flag , it is a nice flag , can any way compare or be substituted the official state flag Texas and urge all Texans not to use the Republic Chile flag emoji digital forums when referring the Lone Star Flag the great State Texas \" . Some Texans have developed a habit using the Chilean flag text messages and social media a sign national pride . None the US states currently have their own emoji flag . Mr Oliverson said the idea was to raise awareness the mix-up a light-hearted manner . \" Even the legislature decides not to hear it , we have achieved our objective ,\" he said . The resolution would be non-binding and cannot pass law . There will be no penalties using the wrong flag emoji . \" The Chilean flag is a fine design . Maybe it 's the second best flag , who knows , we 're not getting a contest here . The important thing , though , is it 's not the Texas flag ,\" joked writer Dan Solomon Texas Monthly magazine . \" these divided times , we anticipate this bit legislative silliness will be a refreshing breath bipartisanship ,\" he concluded . The wording the bill also emphasises the significance the flags' seemingly small differences . \" The colours the Chilean flag depict sky , snow , and blood spilled fighting freedom , but the blue , white , and red the Lone Star Flag stand the Texan values loyalty , purity , and bravery ,\" it says . Chile and its national symbols have been the subject mix-ups before . the 2016 Copa America football tournament , the organisers played Chile 's national anthem instead that Uruguay Uruguayan players looked confused . The following day , the Chilean national anthem was drowned music the rapper Pitbull Chile 's match Argentina .", "US rights are already NBC Universal $ 83m (\u00a3 53.2m ) a season . The Premier League has been negotiating its latest round overseas television rights , having secured a record \u00a3 5.1bn three-season domestic deal BT Sport and Sky , which starts 2016-17 . That dwarfs the existing \u00a3 1bn-a-season agreement currently place . The new US agreement is addition the domestic rights deal and covers all Premier League matches seasons 2016-17 2021-22 . The Premier League and NBC have not revealed how much the new deal is worth . Premier League chairman Richard Scudamore said NBC Universal 's coverage the previous two seasons had driven interest clubs , and the competition a whole , unprecedented levels . The total overseas rights , which include lucrative regions such the Middle East and North Africa ( Mena ) , will be worth an additional \u00a3 2bn the current deal cycle .", "The water pipes the town are old and prone leaks and bursts , Severn Trent Water said . Part Milford Road is expected to be closed the summer a metal water pipe is replaced . Diversions will be place . The road is \" just too narrow \" parts to be kept open large machinery will be used , a spokesman said . More 12 miles ( 20km ) new water pipes are being laid the Shugborough area Stafford town centre . the first phase , which began September , pipes were installed Tixall Road a new housing development nearby .", "The foreign ministry said a Russian jet flew its airspace the border Syria Friday . Moscow described the claim \" baseless propaganda \" . Tensions the two countries have been high November , when Turkey shot a Russian jet . Russia has been carrying air strikes Syria September . It has been targeting forces fighting the government Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , its ally . a statement , the Turkish foreign ministry said a Russian SU-34 jet crossed Turkish airspace 11:46 local time Friday , ignoring several warnings made Russian and English . It said the ministry had summoned the Russian ambassador Ankara to \" strongly protest and condemn \" the incident . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned Saturday Russia would \" have to face consequences it keeps such violations \" . \" Such irresponsible steps do not benefit either the Russian Federation , or Russia-Nato relations , or regional and global peace ,\" he told reporters . He said he had asked repeatedly a meeting his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , success . Nato - which Turkey is a member - Saturday urged Russia \" to act responsibility and to fully respect Nato airspace \" and \" take all necessary measures to ensure such violations do not happen again \" . Relations Russia and Turkey , a vocal opponent Mr Assad , plummeted Turkish F-16s shot a Russian SU-24 24 November . Turkey said the plane intruded its airspace and ignored repeated warnings to leave . Russia insisted the jet had never crossed Syrian territory and did not receive any warnings . The two leaders embarked a war words and Russia introduced a raft sanctions designed to damage Turkey 's economy . Moscow 's ban the import Turkish foods , the sale charter holidays Russians Turkey and most construction projects Turkish firms was expected to cost the Turkish economy least $ 10bn .", "Falcons lie eighth , having won six their 14 matches , finishing 11th the previous three campaigns . \" Every year I 've been here we 've shown improvement ,\" the 53-year-old told BBC Radio Newcastle . \" People do n't quite see improvement though you overtake people , which is what we 've done this year ,\" he said . \" I 've never looked anything other that [ being the top six ] the last four years . We 're now getting more wins people thought , and people are now considering us top six contenders . \" Newcastle host Northampton , who they beat 22-16 earlier this season , Sunday , the Saints one place the Falcons the table . \" They fight every point they can get , and will try to reverse the defeat earlier the year . \" \" I want people to look our combativeness and ' never willing to lie ' attitude . We are getting there . Every game has been a battle other teams . They do n't like coming here and we know that . It 's not the weather up here , but the way we play . \" \" We 've still got to go and do it . It 's not dizzy heights and aspirations . It 's nailing that win time and time again . \"", "The 26-year-old has made just one appearance joining Posh November , scoring the 3-2 win former club Barnsley . Graham Westley 's side currently have injuries fellow defenders Callum Elder , Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe . Posh , currently sixth the table , are home struggling Chesterfield Boxing Day .", "Cycling 's governing body the UCI found the 19-year-old 's spare bike contained a motor January 's Cyclo-cross World Championships Belgium . Van den Driessche has also been fined 20,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 14,000 ) and been ordered to pay legal costs . The former European Under-23 champion must also return all her medals . The result the World Championship race , the women 's under-23 race won Great Britain 's Evie Richards , is not affected . Scanning bikes UCI competitions has been introduced recent years , but Van den Driessche 's was the first found to contain a concealed motor . There were 274 bikes scanned the Track Cycling World Championships London March . Media playback is not supported this device UCI regulations , which were recently strengthened , state a rider is given a minimum suspension six months and a fine 200,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 141,000 ) an offence \" technological fraud \" , coaches , mechanics and other officials could also be sanctioned . Van den Driessche was competing the women 's under-23 race the Cyclo-cross World Championships . The motor was hidden , a battery , the tube the saddle . It was controlled a Bluetooth switch installed the handlebar tape . She has denied suggestions she deliberately cheated , saying the bike was not hers . \" It was my friend 's and was identical mine . This friend went the course Saturday dropping the bike the truck . A mechanic , thinking it was my bike , cleaned it and prepared it my race ,\" she told Belgian television January .", "Bath player Ford , 23 , missed six seven kicks goal the 27-13 victory Wales 11 days ago . - combined 24-year-old Farrell 's form title-winning Saracens - has convinced coach Eddie Jones to make the change . Luther Burrell is likely to take the inside-centre role vacated Farrell . Harlequins winger Marland Yarde is line to start instead Exeter 's Jack Nowell , England to confirm their team 10:00 BST Thursday . England have never won a series Australia , but are determined to overturn the 33-13 \" hiding \" they were given the Wallabies the 2015 World Cup . \" We came that game thinking we had thought too much ourselves ,\" said loose-head prop Mako Vunipola England 's heaviest defeat home soil . \" The biggest lesson we took was any day anything can happen . We go this weekend knowing that too . \" There is no thought revenge or righting wrongs the World Cup and , it 's hard to forget , it has got to go the back our minds . \"", "Katie Milby , 13 , has Morquio A , a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people the UK . It leads the progressive deterioration mobility , health and stamina . Her friend Kyle Pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made available the NHS . There is no known cure Morquio syndrome but the drug improves the life people the condition . It replaces a missing enzyme which allows children to continue to grow , as well improving stamina and the ability to walk . It also relieves pain . The drug 's manufacturers have been providing the treatment patients their own expense but they are going to withdraw it the NHS England and Scotland commit funding it . The Stranraer Academy student said her life would be markedly different the drug . \" I would n't be able to move I 'd just be so much pain ,\" she said . \" And I probably would n't be able to go school . \" It was that situation which prompted her friend to launch the petition which now has nearly 2,000 signatures . \" a friend I suppose I felt kind of bad she was going to be denied this I know she has got a great outlook life ,\" Kyle explained . \" She 's funny , she 's friendly and I would hate to see her pain all the time . \" Galloway and West Dumfries MSP Alex Fergusson has also backed the petition . \" This is not a cheap medication but , Katie herself asked me , how do you put a value a human life ?\" he asked . \" There are only just a hundred sufferers the UK , just five Scotland , and those who have had treatment Vimizim report a massive reduction pain and the other symptoms this syndrome . \" Life expectancy , which rarely exceeds the mid 20s treatment , can be considerably extended this treatment , and it is enormously the credit Katie and her friends they have raised this petition to try to ensure the treatment is available all . \" The Scottish Medicines Consortium said the drug was currently going its assessment process . It added a decision the medicine was expected to be published early September .", "The Staffordshire club are second the Premiership - the top-flight English rugby it stands - and have been part the league 15 seasons . Lichfield director rugby Becky Williams said it was \" devastating \" to miss the new 10-team league . When asked she hoped a rethink , Williams said : \" We deserve it . \" Speaking BBC Midlands Today , Williams continued : \" What we , a club , have worked so hard to do 25 years is to get the required standard - which we meet . \" Women 's Super Rugby , which there will be a multi-million pound investment the RFU the first three years , is aimed improved playing standards and increasing participation the game . Lichfield are the only Premiership side not to be included the new Women 's Super Rugby competition , third-placed Aylesford will operate Harlequins 2017 . Centre Emily Scarratt , a World Cup winner and Team GB captain the 2016 Rio Olympics , is five Lichfield players involved England 's Six Nations campaign this season . a statement , Women 's Premiership chair Mark Francis said \" the competition will be weakened \" Lichfield 's absence and also \" welcome the RFU to reconsider the decision \" . The RFU have said they are willing to work closely the club and help \" support future ambitions to compete the new competition \" . Applications a spot Super Rugby were based coaching and training , sports science and medical support , training and playing environment , player pools , and financial streams . There will be no promotion or relegation the competition the first two seasons , which starts September . Lichfield boss Williams is disappointed the club has been overlooked , she does stress the RFU 's efforts to establish a better funded and resourced top-flight competition is \" absolutely fantastic \" . England and Lichfield prop Justine Lucas echoed the sentiment , adding : \" the bigger picture , the RFU investing so much money women 's rugby is absolutely fantastic . \" But it is a real blow Lichfield . We have all worked so hard this year and put so much our club rugby , Lichfield means a lot everyone involved . \"", "Mike Hall and two colleagues West Midlands Police 's cannabis team were flagged a driver Wolverhampton , 15:30 BST Monday . The passenger was labour and Mr Hall rushed to help deliver a baby girl , the force said . Mr Hall said it was a day he \" wo n't forget a hurry \" . See more stories Birmingham and the Black Country here Soon he stepped , paramedics arrived the scene Hickman Avenue , and mother and baby were taken hospital to be checked . Mr Hall , the cannabis disposal team manager the force , said : \" It was far your typical call help but it was definitely one the most rewarding . \" I have been the force more 30 years and never had to deliver a baby before . \" We receive medical training but nothing can ever prepare you such a situation . \"", "The England centre , 24 , whose deal Welford Road runs next summer , is attracting interest several sides . \" We are having some very positive discussions Manu and and we are very positive him staying here ,\" Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester . \" Manu is world class . Clearly people are trying to lure him smaller clubs offering him huge amounts money . \" Reports had suggested Tuilagi had been offered \u00a3 1.6 million three years Worcester Warriors , Warriors director rugby Dean Ryan said Wednesday there was no truth the claims . Wasps director rugby Dai Young also said his club have made no move the England centre , but Saracens , Bristol and Toulouse are also thought to be interested . Samoa-born Tuilagi , who joined Leicester a youngster and has since won 25 caps England , has been offered a new deal the Tigers . \" I did n't think other clubs were allowed to speak him 1 January , so that surprises me ,\" Cockerill added . \" Manu is a sensible lad and I am sure we will come a sensible conclusion and all indications are it 's the case . \" I am confident Manu will stay . He has a lot rugby left him . \" He is a good lad . We have looked him very well and we are confident he will stay a Leicester player . \"", "Jemma Beale , 25 , claimed she was raped nine men and sexually assaulted six , all strangers , four encounters spanning three years . One allegation led the conviction a man who was jailed seven years . Beale Hounslow was found guilty perjury and perverting the course justice Southwark Crown Court . Judge Nicholas Loraine-Smith told Beale , who was a relationship a woman : \" This trial has revealed , what was then not obvious , you are a very , very convincing liar and you enjoy being seen a victim . \" The prosecution described your life a ' construct bogus victimhood ' . \" These offences usually began a drunken attempt to get your partner 's sympathy or perhaps to arouse her jealousy . \" They each began impulsively , but what is particularly chilling is the manner which you persisted making allegations which you knew were untrue even the extent committing and repeating perjury . \" Prosecutor Madeleine Wolfe told the court police spent 6,400 hours investigating Beale 's lies a cost at least \u00a3 250,000 , and the trial cost at least \u00a3 109,000 . \" Cases such this bring a real risk a woman who has been raped or sexually assaulted does not complain the police fear not being believed \" , the judge added . \" False allegations are likely to have the perverse impact increasing the likelihood guilty men going free . \" a victim impact statement , Mahad Cassim , who was wrongly convicted raping Beale 2010 , told the court he had been hugely affected the false claim . \" One my goals is to be a successful businessman , to have a nice family and be happy ,\" he said . \" I am working the happiness - I have a long way to go . \" Beale had also falsely claimed she was groped a stranger , Noam Shahzad , a pub July 2012 . She alleged she was then gang-raped him and other men , and even self-inflicted injuries to back her claims she was assaulted barbed wire . The following year Beale fabricated similar allegations six other men . She claimed two strangers sexually assaulted her and said she was gang raped again , four others , two months later .", "Peterborough restaurant owner Mohammed Khubaib , 43 , was convicted rape and grooming offences last month . his trial the Old Bailey , the jury was told he forced a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act him getting her drunk . He had a \" persistent and almost predatory interest \" girls , the court heard . Det Supt Gary Ridgway Cambridgeshire Police said the sentence showed \" just how serious this type offence is \" . \" This represents justice young people who had the courage to stand court and relive some very difficult experiences ,\" he said . Khubaib was the tenth person to be convicted Operation Erle , which focussed allegations sex abuse other groups men and boys young girls . Four previous cases led nine male defendants being jailed 59 offences 15 girls Peterborough and elsewhere the East Midlands . \" We are pleased this sentence today it represents justice the girls and young women who suffered the hands this vicious criminal ,\" said Wendi Ogle-Welbourn , Peterborough City Council . She praised the \" bravery \" the victims who had given evidence the course the trial . \" Their courage reliving some absolutely horrendous experiences the hands this criminal has enabled us to get the result we did today and means other girls and young women are safer our city ,\" she said . Cambridgeshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Sir Graham Bright described Khubaib 's actions \" crime the worst kind \" .", "Crews were called the incident about 17:00 Friday . Five appliances were initially sent the scene one remaining site Saturday afternoon . No-one was injured the incident .", "The weather also hit Norfolk and Lincolnshire , where homes were evacuated and an air display cancelled . BBC Weather said 50mm rain fell Cambridgeshire an hour , damaging the banks the River Nene March . A Tesco shopper said water was \" pouring the ceiling the fresh fish counter \" . Richard Mayer , 32 , became trapped his car Bar Hill he was visiting to buy a home the area . Speaking the vehicle he said : \" Water is lapping the kerb now . People can walk it , but it 's far more you 'd want to drive . \" I 'm sitting my car the pavement order to maintain some height just down the Bar Hill roundabout Tesco . \" There are cars everywhere and the flooding is getting worse people are trying to drive it , but their engines are cutting which is causing them to block the road . \" Fire service group commander Ryan Stacey said : \" We have seven crews currently the March , Doddington and Wisbech St Mary areas , assisting evacuating residents , salvaging and pumping water homes . \" The exact number properties affected cannot be confirmed , but we understand we are assisting currently at least 60 properties . \" He warned : \" Do n't try to drive standing water - as well the water damaging your car , there may be hazards the water you ca n't see . \" A rest centre was opened St John the Evangelist Parish Hall Queens Street , March . There have also been reports flash flooding west Norfolk . Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service said officers have been dealing about 40 flood-related calls ongoing incidents Swaffham , Necton , Outwell and Downham Market . Police Cambridgeshire urged people to avoid driving the county 's roads absolutely necessary the \" deluge rain currently being experienced \" . Ch Insp Nick Night said : \" We are assisting partner agencies including the Highways Agency , Fire and Rescue Service , Fenland District Council and Cambridgeshire County Council road closures , evacuating residents and pulling vehicles flood water . \" We do not have a stock sandbags , so please do not call 999 requesting any . \" The UK Power Network said it had been working to restore power homes and about 400 homes were still power about 21:00 BST Friday .", "An advance party about 10 soldiers Force Troop Command , 1 Div and Field Army training will support African Union peacekeeping efforts the al-Shabab group . 70 personnel will eventually be Somalia carrying medical , logistical and engineering duties . 300 troops are also be deployed the conflict South Sudan . Al-Shabab - the Islamist militant group allied al-Qaeda - is battling Somalia 's government control the country . Who are Somalia 's al-Shabab ? New questions African force Somalia Somali defector : Why I left al-Shabab The group has carried a string attacks - including neighbouring Kenya - and is believed to have 7,000 and 9,000 fighters . The African Union Mission Somalia ( AMISOM ) was launched 2007 , and is mainly comprised troops Uganda , Burundi , Djibouti , Kenya and Ethiopia . South Sudan , conflict government and rebel forces has seen more 2.2 million people flee their homes the state , which broke away Sudan 2011 . The British troops being sent South Sudan will also carry engineering work to strengthen infrastructure . It follows a commitment UK Prime Minister David Cameron the UN New York September . It formed part a pledge the Strategic Defence and Security Review to double the number UK troops UN \" blue-hatted \" peacekeeping tasks and support efforts to end some the world 's most destabilising conflicts . Speaking the time , Mr Cameron said operations \" will help to alleviate serious humanitarian and security issues ... helping to bring stability the region and preventing these challenges spreading further afield \" . Announcing the arrival the team Somalia , Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said : \" This deployment is another demonstration the flexibility and global reach our armed forces . \" It showed the UK 's \" determination to tackle terrorism wherever it rears its head \" , he added . The Ministry Defence said the UK military 's contribution UN peacekeeping reflects a long history supporting the organisation , including a lasting presence Cyprus . Britain has long been a large financial contributor UN peacekeeping missions and is the fifth highest provider funds . But its troop commitment has been relatively small - focused mainly 250 soldiers based Cyprus .", "Summer Wroniecki broke a bone her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards the crowd Duffus Park Cupar , Fife , Saturday afternoon . Summer had previously battled a rare type cancer , which was diagnosed just her third birthday . Her father Christian wrote Facebook his daughter was \" comfortable \" . He said : \" Summer is a tough cookie you all know and will again bounce back . \" Mr Wroniecki posted Monday morning her operation would be taking place Tuesday . It is believed an adult was also treated a shoulder complaint the incident . Organisers said every safety precaution was risk assessed .", "Media playback is not supported this device The 35-year-old has 184 goals 252 matches an international career spanning 15 years . She was the 2015 World Cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds . \" It 's been an amazing , wonderful ride and I ca n't wait to see what the next chapter my life brings ,\" she said . Wambach was the 2012 Fifa Women 's World Player the Year and is also a six-time US Soccer Female Athlete the Year winner . She will be the US team all four its December matches , but her final game will come 16 December China New Orleans the last match the 10-game tour . Media playback is not supported this device \" Abby is a player who has transcended our sport and her legacy one the world 's greatest players is set forever ,\" said US head coach Jill Ellis . \" What she has done women 's soccer and women 's sports overall her amazing talents the field and her personality it has been inspiring to watch . \" I am just extremely happy she could end her career that elusive World Cup title and go top , right where she deserves to be . \" her career , Wambach scored just 500 goals her high school , college , professional club teams and the United States youth and senior international sides .", "The 24-year-old has agreed a two-year-deal and will arrive following his commitments the Stormers and Western Province South Africa . He is the son former Springbok Guy Kebble and won the 2012 Under-20s World Championship South Africa . \" I try and bring an edge the game and make an impact ,\" Kebble told the Pro12 club 's website . \" I 've watched all the Glasgow matches the Champions Cup this season and northern hemisphere rugby is getting very exciting . I 'm looking forward playing a competitive European league . \" I know Dave Rennie is one the best coaches the world , so it 's an exciting prospect to work him next season . \" Kebble will join current team-mate Huw Jones Glasgow , the Scotland centre signing a two-year contract the Warriors earlier this month . \" Huw and I live together Cape Town ,\" he explained . \" We did n't really talk it too much it happened , but now it 's nice to know there will be a familiar face Glasgow . \" Last week , BBC Scotland revealed Kebble 's expected arrival , the new recruit considered a project player Scottish Rugby , who have monitored him several years .", "The Vikings led the table winning six their first seven games but slipped the top losing Warrington 25 March . Betts' side currently lie fifth place the table and face league leaders Warrington again Friday . \" I do n't see our form being that bad , we 've just lost some games ,\" Betts told BBC Radio Merseyside . \" We 've lost some momentum to look the table , but internally we 're still doing some good things . \" conceding 108 points their opening seven matches , Widnes' fortunes have changed late , the Vikings conceding 103 points their last four games . \" It 's doing the little things well , keeping the confidence high and doing the things we did the beginning the year the same kind determination ,\" he added . \" We know we 've got to get moving back the league but Warrington are saying the same thing and there are guys who are fighting to get some momentum their league positions . \"", "The 28-year-old man Brighton was taken hospital a critical condition being found North Street 07:10 GMT Saturday . A 28-year-old man no fixed address and a 43-year-old woman Brighton were arrested suspicion robbery . A 30-year-old Brighton man was arrested suspicion grievous bodily harm . Sussex Police said the victim was still hospital . Officers are still keen to hear anyone who was the area the time and may have witnessed the assault .", "Clive Weatherhogg set meetings the woman and a man he found an adult website , and filmed them having sex . A court heard he sent a message containing a sexually explicit clip the victim 's sister Christmas Day . Weatherhogg , 42 , was also placed the sex offenders register . He had denied the charges but was found guilty following a trial Dundee Sheriff Court . Sheriff George Way remitted the case the High Court Edinburgh to be dealt its greater sentencing powers . Weatherhogg , formerly Guthrie , Forfar , was found guilty coercing the woman to engage sexual activity and intercourse the man 10 September , 2013 and 17 September the following year . He was also convicted intentionally causing the woman 's sister and father to look sexual images and behaving a threatening or abusive manner 25 December , 2014 . The woman told the trial she had felt \" blackmailed \" Weatherhogg . Lady Wolffe told the Weatherhogg she had to pass a sentence him that \" reflected society 's abhorrence \" such conduct . The judge said Weatherhogg , a first offender , had been assessed posing \" a moderate risk \" sexual re-offending . Defence counsel Jonathan Crowe said it had been \" a dramatic shock \" Weatherhogg to be placed remand ahead sentencing .", "The 26-year-old will join Wednesday a permanent transfer the summer a fee believed to be \u00a3 10m . The Owls had to wait Wednesday the English Football League to decide the deal had been completed Tuesday 's 23:00 GMT deadline . Rhodes scored six goals 24 league appearances Boro joining Blackburn \u00a3 9m January 2016 . However , the Scotland international , featured just six times this season and failed to score . He started his career Ipswich and had loan spells Oxford , Rochdale and Brentford joining Huddersfield July 2009 . Rhodes scored 73 goals 124 league appearances the Terriers and helped them promotion League One 2012 . Blackburn paid the Terriers \u00a3 8m him August 2012 following their relegation the Premier League . He moved Boro last January scoring 83 goals 159 league games Rovers and helped Aitor Karanka 's side win promotion the Premier League . Rhodes' father , Andy , is the goalkeeping coach Hillsborough . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .", "The Academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much its contents was destroyed the blaze 21 August . The school 's 453 pupils are currently being taught four locations the Selsey area . As well classrooms , the temporary buildings will house science labs , workshops and food technology areas , the school said . The buildings , some which have already been placed the site two large cranes , had previously been used to house staff and students Bohunt School Worthing building work was carried . Tom Garfield , head teacher the academy , said : \" We are absolutely delighted to see the first temporary school buildings arrive site . It 's a great milestone us , the staff and students alike . \" He said the remaining structures had arrived the next few days the school would begin preparing the rooms teaching .", "British and Irish Lion North , 23 , has signed a new contract Northampton Saints England 's Premiership . The 23-year-old 's previous deal was due to expire next summer and he had been linked a return Wales . \" We 'd all want to see our best players playing Wales ,\" Davies said . \" Why would we want it any different ? \" Davies was Scarlets chief executive when North left them Saints 2013 , and moved the Pro Rugby Wales role September 2014 . He would like to see players such North back Wales to offer a \" return investment the regions that have developed them \" as well to reward fans and to inspire younger players . Davies added : \" the national squad 's point view , the coaches are very clear they fundamentally believe it is a better environment terms player management the players to be playing Wales . \" They can manage them better conjunction the regions . \" North , capped 55 times Wales and also a 2013 Lions tourist Australia , has appeared 42 times Saints . There was speculation he might emulate Wales team-mate and former regional colleague Jonathan Davies , who will return Scarlets Clermont Auvergne a Welsh Rugby Union dual contract next season . Former Wales centre Tom Shanklin is also disappointed North will remain England . \" It 's probably good him personally he 's a very good club and a very good league ,\" Shanklin told Scrum V Radio . \" But I want to see all the Welsh players back . That 's going to strengthen our league and strengthen our product the field . \" We had some great news Jon Davies is coming back it 's a bit a shame . \"", "Kvitova followed wins world number one Angelique Kerber and Britain 's Johanna Konta a 6-1 6-2 demolition Romania 's Halep . The two-time Wimbledon champion needed just 67 minutes to win the semi-final . Kvitova goes to face Slovakian 10th seed Dominika Cibulkova , who beat Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4 . Cibulkova , who missed four months the season 2015 having surgery her left foot , is now close qualifying the eight-player WTA Finals Singapore the first time . \" I 'm a good player ,\" said the 27-year-old . \" I can beat top players . But I was missing consistency my game . This is the first year that I 'm really consistent playing the whole year . \" Kvitova , 26 , hit 34 winners a dominant display Halep , overpowering the Romanian to reach her first final 2015 . \" It 's amazing ,\" said the two-time Wimbledon champion . \" I came this tournament and really did n't expect this kind performance . Physically I 'm still so-so - I 'm really happy I 'm not falling apart . \" But I played a really great match today spite everything , which really put the pressure her . \"", "Gerald Lavey , 30 , said his children clung him the attack six men his home Ballymagowan Avenue , Creggan , Monday . He said the gang dragged him his living room the front garden where he was beaten iron bars and nails . Hours the attack , a wheelie bin was set alight next the house . Police said they consider both incidents to be linked . \" Any other night I would normally lock the door and put the keys reach nobody could break the glass ,\" said Gerald Lavey . \" But the wee'uns [ children ] did n't lock the door and the next thing we heard was footsteps coming the stairs and I just knew then that 's what it was . \" They were dragging me the stairs the garden and started battering me iron bars . Just before , my wee girl clung me when she seen them and they just pulled her me . \" Mr Lavey said he feared the safety his daughter , 9 , and his five-year-old son . \" Its terrible , I do n't think they should have had to witness anything at all . They were squealing . I was lying the garden and they were just welting me iron bars nails them . \" I was the front garden getting battered they [ the gang ] were smashing the house . One them said that 's enough , that 's enough but the last boy out had to hit me five or six slaps more and then they ran the street . \" Gerald Lavey called those the attack \" cowards \" . \" They were shouting coke but I do n't take any sort drugs . I 'm addicted prescribed medication and that 's it . I do n't bother anybody I just keep myself myself . \" Cowards . They had to all come masks and iron bars and it took five or six them . \"", "The former Nova Centre Prestatyn will be given a new gym , cafe and pool-side changing rooms part the \u00c2 \u00a3 4.2m revamp . Three promenade-side retail units and a soft play facility will also be built . The centre shut last February the trust running it had its funding pulled Denbighshire council . The work , starting Monday , is expected to be finished July .", "The cases involve 165 suspects and more 100 victims . A police spokesperson said many cases had \" multiple suspects and multiple victims \" but there was also a large number involving single suspects . Last year , 12 men were jailed their part the abuse a single victim Keighley . Eleven were jailed Bradford Crown Court being convicted raping the girl the age 13 and another man was sentenced sexual activity her . The CSE figures , which were given the Keighley News and confirmed the BBC police , compare last year 's figure 220 cases . There were 261 suspects investigation the same time 2016 . A police spokesperson said : \" West Yorkshire Police and partners have been proactive their approach to encourage victims to come forward and reassure them all reports will be taken seriously . \" We have developed a far greater understanding CSE the past and this has led rapid action to prioritise resources to improve the identification and prosecution perpetrators this abhorrent crime . \"", "Eight people were found dead the vehicle a Walmart car park San Antonio , Texas , and 31 others were treated . Two later died hospital . The driver , named James Mathew Bradley , 60 , could face the death penalty . He says the immigrants were placed his trailer he was distracted . They were the trailer access air conditioning or water outside temperatures hit 38C ( 100F ) . Police say they believe the incident is linked people smuggling . Video footage the store reportedly showed a number vehicles arriving to pick some the survivors . Several others may have managed to escape foot the woods nearby . Immigration and Customs Enforcement acting head Thomas Homan said more 100 people could have been the truck one point . Mexico 's government said it was working closely US authorities to identify the nationalities the victims . San Antonio is a few hours' drive the border Mexico , and the US immigration department is trying to establish the victims' legal status . Officials were brought the trailer a man who had approached an employee the Walmart store and asked water . San Antonio police chief William McManus said a press briefing the people ranged school age their 30s . Local fire chief Charles Hood said the survivors had heart rates 130 beats minute and were very hot to touch . The fire chief confirmed least two the victims were school-age children . Their condition is not clear . The US attorney the Western District Texas , Richard Durbin , said the people were helpless victims \" ruthless human smugglers indifferent the wellbeing their fragile cargo \" . Experts say people smuggling is a serious issue southern Texas , and there have been a number similar cases the area just this past month . 7 July , US Border Patrol agents found 72 undocumented immigrants Central American countries locked a trailer \" no means escape \" . The next day 33 people were found locked a trailer a checkpoint the road San Antonio .", "SKN Heritage Museum is showing the type belongings brought African-Caribbean immigrants the 1940s and 50s . The Windrush generation responded adverts to work Britain but were only allowed to bring one suitcase . Organisers said the display gives a unique insight important part Nottingham 's history . The Windrush was named the first boat which brought people the Caribbean Britain 1948 . The exhibition , called ' Caribbean Isles the British Isles - Home Home ' , aims to give an insight people who travelled the Atlantic to seek a better life what was still the Empire 's \" mother country \" . Item include photographs , clothes , records and games - as well beauty products designed black skin and hair when none were commercially available . Catherine Ross , the museum 's founder , cameto Nottingham St Kitts when she was just seven years old . She said : \" Our aim is to let everyone know the contributions that Caribbeans have made British society and Nottingham and commemorate these achievements . \" There'sno better place tostart Nottingham Carnival , it 's such awell known and celebratory event Nottingham 's calendar . \" The carnival is taking place the first time take two sites - the Forest Recreation Ground Saturday and the Victoria Embankment Sunday .", "Barbara Stensland , 43 , Cardiff , went Carmarthen 5 August . When she tried to get a taxi the railway station the venue , less one mile ( 1.6km ) away , she was refused . Carmarthenshire council 's senior licensing officer , Justin Power , said : \" We will investigate this matter and take any necessary steps . \" Ms Stensland told BBC Radio Cymru 's Post Cyntaf programme it took her more an hour to reach the venue . She said : \" I went the first taxi the queue the station , I told him where I wanted to go . \" He laughed . I thought he was just joking along I knew it was a fairly short distance . \" When I said ' seriously , can I get the taxi ? ' He said ' no , I 'm not taking you . ' So he pointed me helpfully the right direction and told me to walk . \" Urtha Felda , MS Society Cymru , said : \" We have heard people having trouble getting taxis . \" somebody 's still walking you ca n't see they 're disabled - someone 's a wheelchair it 's really obvious . \" It 's not obvious , so I would say people - do n't make judgements . \"", "Sgt Jon Harris had been sent an alleged assault the Waterloo Bar Argyle Street Wednesday night . dealing the incident he surprised customers belting the classic 70s track the karaoke . Peter McKenna-Boyd , who filmed the performance , said : \" Everybody just loved it \" . The officer was full uniform the time . Mr McKenna-Boyd told BBC Radio Scotland 's The Kaye Adams programme : \" Nobody expected it to happen . It was just a normal Wednesday night us . \" They 've just launched their new wacky Wednesday which is a bit a game show and a bit karaoke . \" \" I think the sergeant was speaking the karaoke host and she suggested he got to sing but I do n't think she expected him to ,\" Mr McKenna-Boyd said . \" But she held him it just he went the door . The other officers were outside and they heard his name called and they ran straight back in . \" They loved it as well . Everybody was clapping and cheering him . \" He was hilarious , especially his pointing and his dance moves . The other policemen were standing and clapping and cheering . Not sure he was their boss but when they first saw him it was their dad had just got the karaoke . \" Ch Insp Mark Sutherland , Police Scotland , said : \" 19.10 hours Wednesday evening , officers were called following an alleged assault the Waterloo Bar Argyle Street Glasgow city centre . \" A full and thorough investigation led the arrest a 23-year-old male who is expected to appear Glasgow Sheriff Court 2nd June . \" the inquiry had concluded and the victim 's safety ensured , Sgt Jon Harris our city centre community policing team was encouraged to participate karaoke ongoing the pub . ' Sgt Jon ' took the stage which helped to defuse any simmering tensions the pub . \" I was pleased to see the incident had been professionally concluded , my officers were able to share a lighter moment those who remained the pub . \"", "The hosts lost opener Chris Dent a duck the fourth over and Gareth Roderick ( 23 ) shortly after . Will Tavare ( 20 ) and Michael Klinger ( 10 ) continued a steady fall wickets Hamish Marshall ( 58 ) and Phil Mustard ( 38 ) led the hosts' recovery . However , Viljoen swept the tail to end impressive figures 5-55 .", "Northants elected to field first and chipped away regular wickets Keaton Jennings , Cameron Steel and Graham Clark were all dismissed 20 . Buck 's haul also included the wickets in-form Paul Collingwood and top-scorer Michael Richardson ( 27 ) . Barry McCarthy took 2-20 Durham hit back , but Northants finished the day 59-3 , 107 runs behind . Division Two 's bottom side Durham went the game the back a dramatic defeat Glamorgan and their fragile batting line-up was exposed Northants' seam attack an innings which lasted just 45.2 overs . Northants lost Rob Newton , Alex Wakeley and Rob Keogh cheaply reply , but Max Holden ( 19 not out ) and Chesney Hughes ( 16 not out ) prevented further damage bad light brought an early close . Former Derbyshire and Leeward Islands batsman Hughes , who played a ' guest ' Northants their tour game South Africa A , is making his first Championship appearance last August , a non-contract , pay-as-you-play basis .", "Margaret Fleming , 36 , was last seen her home Inverkip her two carers about 17:40 Friday 28 October . She is described about 5ft 5in tall , collar-length black hair , brown eyes and has a heavy build , her weight can fluctuate . Police had said they were trying to build a picture Ms Fleming 's life , part which she kept \" quite private \" . When last seen , she was wearing a green tartan fleece or jumper , dark jeans or trousers , and dark Karrimor-type boots . She also had a satchel-type handbag . A police spokesman said : \" There is a specialist search team combing the area where the missing person was last seen , this includes the garden her last known address . \" Speaking earlier this month , Ch Insp Elliot Brown , area commander Greenock , said : \" We are currently working limited information and it does seem this is quite an unusual missing person case , it is challenging . \" we continue to try to piece together Margaret 's life , we understand she kept a side her life quite private we 're trying to look this a bit more detail to see this will help our inquiries . \" We are working backwards to try to find more Margaret , so we 've been speaking friends and family members to establish a clearer picture her life the years . \" The detective said Ms Fleming was a student James Watt College Greenock 1996 and 1997 . He said he was keen to speak anyone who remembered her then , and who might have been touch her the years .", "A poster conference call firm Powwownow shows a man an underground train surrounded zombie-like characters masks . Changing Faces says the adverts are \" insensitive \" the similarity masks worn people recovering burns . Powwownow says the images are not targeting those facial disfigurements and instead show characters \" fantasy horror \" . one advert , a woman is shown the middle a group people wearing masks similar that Jason , the main character the Friday The 13th movie franchise . a blog post , Changing Faces chief executive , James Partridge , said the tagline the campaign - Avoid the Horror - was \" disturbing \" . He wrote : \" It reinforces the harmful association people who wear masks part their treatment and who have burn scarring , are to be feared and avoided . \" Changing Faces says Powwownow originally agreed to take the adverts . a statement Newsbeat , a spokesman the conferencing service said : \" When we received a complaint Changing Faces , we pulled the advert a mark respect the charity 's perspective and undertook a review the advertising strategy . \" this robust review , we reinstated the advert a reflection our belief the creative concept , its clear reference the fantasy horror genre and the fact we are no way targeting or discriminating people facial disfigurement , or indeed any people . \" The adverts focus purely the horror the commuting experience and no way target any individuals . \" Catrin Pugh Wrexham sustained burns her face and body when the coach she was travelling crashed France 2013 . She 's been undergoing treatment ever since . Speaking Newsbeat , she said : \" Wearing my compression mask is why my face looks ' normal ' and was one the most important parts my treatment . \" This advert , suggesting people masks are ' horrors' makes me so angry . \" \" I remember when I first went the public wearing my mask , and my eyesight I could n't see it , but my sister said almost everyone turned and gawped . \" that is then associated being a horror , the advert suggests , it could have been far worse , hurtful reactions , rather curious reactions which is what I received . \" Powwownow insists the characters its campaign are \" commonplace the world computer games , TV , entertainment and film . \" We wish to reiterate there is absolutely no intention to offend anyone at all . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter , BBCNewsbeat Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Visitors are being offered hot drinks , pastries , calligraphy demonstrations and discussion the \" open-house \" weekend . The country 's leading Muslim body , the French Council the Muslim Faith ( CFCM ) , seeks to distance mainstream Islam recent jihadist attacks . The initiative comes a year the Charlie Hebdo killings Paris . Jihadist gunmen killed 17 people different Paris sites , including the offices the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine and a kosher supermarket . Marking the anniversary the killings , President Francois Hollande unveiled a plaque Saturday tribute one those who died , policewoman Clarissa Jean-Philippe . France also remembered the four Jewish hostages killed the supermarket . France is still a state emergency November 's Paris attacks , carried gunmen linked the Islamic State group , which killed 130 people . Hundreds French mosques are taking part the open-house event , dubbed a \" brotherly cup tea \" . \" The objective is to create a space where people can be together and meet normal Muslim worshippers and all our fellow citizens ,\" CFCM President Anouar Kbibech told AFP . He said the CFCM wanted to use the anniversary the Charlie Hebdo attacks to \" highlight the real values Islam , to set straight the cliches links violence and terrorism \" .", "Total catches cod , haddock and plaice have been increased , the Scottish government said . Catches saithe , whiting and herring will be decreased line long-term management plans . Talks the EU and Norway agreed the total allowable catch cod would be 29,189 tonnes , 5 % up 2014 . The increase will give UK fishermen an additional 542 tonnes and Scottish fishermen 343 tonnes . A 6 % increase the haddock catch 40,711 tonnes gives the UK an additional 3,468 tonnes and Scottish fishermen more 2,500 extra tonnes . Scottish Fisheries Secretary Richard Lochhead said : \" I am pleased there has been an increase the quota these key stocks next year which is line the recent scientific advice the stocks are good shape . \" It is welcome the agreement has been reached quickly this year compared the protracted talks last year and will provide certainty the industry opportunities 2015 and avoids any delays the commencement fishing the new year . \" There is much to be done to prepare the discard ban which starts to come force white fish 2016 . This outcome will help these stocks continue to rebuild next year also helping to minimise discards , and should provide a sound launchpad establishing the following year 's quota the ban . \" We now look ahead the crucial December EU fisheries council when we will be highlighting again our vessels need to retain the number days they can go sea any cut would simply be counterproductive . \" UK Fisheries Minister George Eustice said the agreements were an \" excellent result the UK \" . He said : \" It sees UK fishermen getting a 5 % increase their quota cod - the second successive rise annual cod quota two years . The increase is an encouraging sign we are achieving our goals ; a thriving fishing industry sustainable fish stocks . \" The deal also saw a 7 % rise North Sea haddock and 15 % rise plaice quotas . This is great news our fisheries ahead vital quota negotiations next month where I will be representing UK fishermen . \"", "The Dufton Europa plane crash landed a field Maidwell Thursday afternoon . Emergency services were called the field , but found an empty plane . Ambulance crews found the pilot Iain McKay and his wife , Houghton Regis , Bedfordshire , the The Stags Head , where they had walked the ordeal . Simon Nixon , the manager the pub , said : \" A lady came her her husband . It was not she ordered a drink ( non-alcoholic ) she said she was a bit shaken she 'd just had a plane crash . I asked she was OK and she had a little bit a cut her arm . Other she seemed OK . \" It 's not often you have plane crashes where people are able to walk away . \" An off duty policeman alerted the ambulance crews the couple 's whereabouts . An East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said an ambulance and an air ambulance went the accident about 16:30 BST . \" Both patients were found away the aircraft and were checked the doctor but did n't require any further treatment ,\" she said . The Air Accident Investigation Branch has yet to comment .", "Fly-half Sexton and flanker O'Brien have both recovered calf injuries and should be available Murrayfield . Sexton was injured Castres 20 January but is said to be \" feeling very positive \" his recovery . However , uncapped Munster wing Andrew Conway has been ruled aggravating an existing groin problem . Ireland playmaker Sexton has the chance to cement his starting spot , provided he comes Tuesday 's session . Ulster 's Paddy Jackson will start Joe Schmidt 's side the Leinster star is ruled Munster 's Ian Keatley has joined the squad cover the time being . \" Johnny 's making good progress and he 's back track to train Tuesday ,\" said Ireland team manager Paul Dean . \" I think everything is fine , he 's being very positive it . \" O'Brien has completed the rehabilitation his calf issue and was expected to take full part Monday afternoon 's training session . Full-back Rob Kearney says Ireland remain unfazed his Leinster team-mate Sexton 's latest quest full fitness . Sexton battled hamstring trouble the turn the year , this calf problem proving yet another unwanted hurdle . Kearney labelled injury doubts \" par the course \" any Test week , then tipped Sexton 's understudy Jackson to thrive pressed service the start Scotland . \" We 're all so used it now ,\" said Kearney , general battles fitness . \" a weekly basis , more often not , there 's someone going in or out . \" Someone picks a niggle or they 're not fully fit , so the coach does n't risk them . The way Test rugby is now , it 's par the course . \" Paddy [ Jackson ] has been there all last week running the plays . He 's more equipped and he 's got a week head-start . \"", "Mr Opstelten had said the trafficker was paid less he actually was money wrongly confiscated the state . He also said details the payment - authorised Mr Teeven prosecutor - had been lost , but this was not so . The resignations are a blow the Liberal party it faces an election . Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven are both the conservative wing the party , which faces a challenge Geert Wilders' far-right Freedom Party provincial elections this month . The resignations are also expected to place a strain the Liberal 's coalition the Labour party , which has been very critical Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven . The justice minister had claimed a convicted drug trafficker , Cees Helman , was paid much less the compensation 4.7 million Dutch guilders - worth \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2.1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m ; $ 2.3m ) current terms - he fact received . He also said the details the payment had been lost . Monday , however , Mr Opstelten said a record the transaction had been found . \" This information could have been found earlier ,\" he told reporters . \" I take full responsibility this and have just now offered my resignation the king . \" The payment was made the authorities were unable to prove money they had confiscated Helman had been obtained illegally . Mr Teeven , who was a prosecutor the time , had authorised the settlement . The payment was not illegal . However , both ministers said the misinformation had made their positions untenable , Reuters news agency reports .", "Forfar are seven points clear Arbroath , who move Elgin City beating them 3-2 . Edinburgh City extended their unbeaten league run seven matches a 0-0 draw Clyde 's Broadwood Stadium . Montrose won 2-1 away Berwick Rangers , Stirling Albion beat Annan Athletic to move bottom spot . Fraser Mullen 's free-kick gave Cowden the lead Forfar , but Lewis Milne headed the visitors level . Swankie 's first strike the day temporarily gave his side the lead , only Mullen to convert another free-kick . Kris Renton 's strike put the hosts back front , Josh Peters fired Forfar level again and Swankie 's left-foot shot stoppage time settled the match . There was also late drama Gayfield , where Elgin moved a two-goal lead strikes Brian Cameron and Chris McLeish . Bryan Prunty headed Arbroath back the match and then set Steven Doris to equalise . The hosts had on-loan Dundee United defender Jassem Sukar sent a second booking and Elgin 's Thomas Reilly suffered the same fate . There was a further twist the tale Keiran Stewart fouled Colin Hamilton and Doris converted the resulting penalty . It was an early spot-kick that gave Annan the lead Forthbank Stadium , Max Wright scoring Ross Smith had impeded Aidan Smith . Darren Lee Smith 's strike and Ross McMillan 's header turned the match Stirling 's favour the first half and Dylan Nguene Bikey fired Albion 's clinching goal 15 minutes the end . Ryan Ferguson and substitute Jonny Court netted either side Michael McKenna 's leveller Montrose claimed their second consecutive win Berwick , all three goals coming the second half .", "The park authority 's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked housing . However , it added the developer 's three planning applications the project were \" not deemed to meet a range other planning policies \" . Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd , part the Tulloch Homes Group , had sought approval the scheme . The housing project has been going the planning process more 10 years . the planning committee 's reasons refusal were environmental impacts had not been fully assessed . Rare red squirrels , capercaillie and wood ants had been recorded the area . Committee members were also told the village 's Carr Road was unsuitable an access the majority houses proposed . Carrbridge , known its 18th century packhorse bridge , has a population about 700 people .", "Patients two wards University Hospital Llandough are suffering the illness , which can pass quickly person person . The hospital said the spread the virus would be limited people made only absolutely necessary visits . Cardiff and Vale health board said it was asking people to be \" sensible \" . Chief operating officer Alice Casey said : \" Many people will have the norovirus bug this time year - we see it every year and , most people , it will be unpleasant but not serious . \" But when norovirus spreads hospitals , where patients are already unwell and are close proximity each other wards , the effects can be more serious . \" Norovirus is a highly contagious virus which causes nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . The symptoms begin about 12 48 hours infection and usually last 12 and 60 hours .", "\" The gritters are now travelling various workshops maintenance , just getting a car serviced ,\" said a highways official . The \" low-risk \" season begins October \" high-risk \" starting November . The county council said they had to think the upcoming winter even when it was \" boiling hot \" . The fleet more 40 vehicles covers 1,865 miles ( 3,000km ) roads including all major traffic routes and selected A and B roads . Officials said the service was stood April but had to start again surprisingly soon . Richard Fenwick , county council highways , said : \" The end summer is a busy time , even when it is boiling hot we have to think it . \" We have drivers go the day to make sure they know the routes , iron any wrinkles . \" The authority said it had about 35,000 tonnes salt stock and would expect to use about 25,000 tonnes an average year .", "The way we work , play and live robots is changing . a special series Ricky travels the country meeting the robots the future and the scientists working them . spending a night a robot house getting a brain scan , Ricky finds how and why our relationship robots is changing , fast . Check his first report here ...", "Gillian McCusker had fallen Rachel and Nyomi Fee just the two-year-old 's death she had been very close friends the pair . She said she never suspected any wrongdoing the time she knew the Fees . The couple were convicted killing Liam his Fife home March 2014 . They had blamed another boy the murder . Ms McCusker said she would now change a \" friends forever \" tattoo , she had done the Fees , she would not have a daily reminder the women . She said : \" I was shocked , totally shocked when everything happened . \" I looked my window and I saw a load ambulances and I saw them standing the street shouting ' help ' . \" I did n't know what to do the time we were n't talking . \" Ms McCusker said she regretted \" nothing \" could be done now Liam was gone . Ms McCusker said when she went the Fee 's house to feed their snakes when they were holiday St Andrews there was \" nothing place \" to make her suspect the pair were doing harm . She said : \" They are going to be jail sometime but they do n't even deserve a place prison they are still going to get everything paid them and they are still going to get every day their lives . \" It 's not fair they are going to come and they are still going to have their own lives to lead and little Liam , where is he ? Nowhere . \" He 's not got a life . So it 's never going to be enough , never . \" She said there was nothing she could have done to stop the couple she was unaware there were any problems . The former friend also said she did not think social services could have done any more to help the children .", "Specialist newsprint manufacturer Palm Paper has submitted the planning application a bid to cut its reliance imported energy . its size , the application will be decided the secretary state instead West Norfolk Borough Council . The plan includes a gas-fired turbine . Palm Paper 's King 's Lynn mill began production August 2009 and January this year produced its second millionth tonne newsprint paper . The company said generating its own electricity and steam would help reduce its carbon footprint . The proposed new plant would replace existing boilers . No concerns have been raised air quality issues but an environmental management plan is proposed . It would prevent construction work generating dust and emissions , which would constitute a risk health or nuisance local people or industry .", "Most migrants were said to have relocated accommodation refitted shipping containers but some moved their tents further the camp . Authorities want to clear the area next a motorway security reasons . Riot police have been overseeing the operation which seemed to be happening incident . The move is part a new housing project attempts to improve conditions the camp , which is used about 5,000 migrants and refugees . The 125 converted containers are equipped electricity , heating and bunk beds , and each one can accommodate 12 people . Officials had given 1,000 and 1,500 residents last Thursday to leave the area , but they were reportedly given a grace period Monday . But many migrants and refugees had refused to use the new accommodation and moved their temporary homes further the camp , poor living conditions . Many reportedly feared they could be permanently trapped the new camp , unable to continue their attempts to cross the UK . Some also expressed their unhappiness leaving an area where they have established a community , and are concerned their future treatment the authorities . \" This ( the container camp ) is the same a jail . It is not good ,\" one resident told the BBC . Volunteers helped residents to move their tents the area recent days . French and British officials want to reduce the number migrants Calais and deter others arriving the hope reaching the UK .", "Essex Police said two teenage boys and a man were taken hospital being stabbed Colchester 18:22 and 18:31 GMT Saturday . a result , the force 's temporary deputy chief constable approved use additional powers to search people . The \" robust policing tactic \" was used three hours to \" ensure order had been fully restored \" , the force said . A 17-year-old boy and an 18-year-old man London were arrested , a 21-year-old man Barking . Ch Insp Simon Anslow said none those who were stabbed suffered life-threatening injuries . \" This is a rare situation any town and we are using the full range legal tools our disposal to keep the overwhelming majority people safe , making sure those intent causing trouble will be swiftly picked and dealt ,\" he said . \" We will be pursuing a vigorous investigation to put all those we can find who are responsible this detestable behaviour the courts . \" The use section 60 the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 gives officers the power to search people dangerous objects and weapons the need to have a reasonable suspicion . The powers were force Colchester town centre 18:40 21:50 GMT Saturday . Read more this and other stories the BBC Essex Live page Colchester MP Will Quince said he supported the force 's use the powers this instance . \" Their swift action getting the section 60 order , which is a rarely used piece legislation , means they can stop anybody reasonable cause to check they have a weapon a certain time frame - I applaud the police doing that ,\" he said .", "The proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators the US . Charter is also buying Bright House Networks , another cable operator , $ 10.4bn . The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband 23.9 million customers 41 states . Charter will pay about $ 55bn cash and stock Time Warner Cable , the balance the $ 78.7bn valuation coming TWC 's debts . US cable companies are facing stiff competition online service providers such Amazon and Netflix , customers increasingly choose to stream films and television shows the internet a time their convenience . Cable companies are responding trying to cut costs and improve the quality their shows . The new merged cable giant will compete US cable market leader Comcast , which currently has 27 million customers . Charter 's takeover move comes a month Comcast abandoned its plan to buy Time Warner Cable fearing pressure regulators . The latest deal is also likely to come regulatory scrutiny , and the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) quickly issued a statement . \" The FCC reviews every merger its merits and determines it would be the public interest ,\" FCC chairman Tom Wheeler said . \" applying the public interest test , an absence harm is not sufficient . The commission will look to see how American consumers would benefit the deal were to be approved . \" The merged company would still be smaller Comcast , which serves a third US broadband customers , said analyst Craig Moffett Moffett Nathanson Research . \" One has to be sober genuine risks this deal could still be rejected ,\" he added . Liberty Broadband , which currently owns a quarter Charter , is expected to own 20 % the new company . The deal values Time Warner Cable $ 195.71 share .", "The Night Wolves had planned to enter next week part a ride Europe to commemorate the 70th anniversary World War Two . Polish Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz had called the plan a \" provocation \" . The Night Wolves' vice-president , Felix Chernyakhovsky , has insisted the bikers still intend to make the trip . \" Everything remains the same . We 're starting tomorrow planned ,\" he told Interfax news agency . The Night Wolves are subject US sanctions alleged active involvement Crimea and helping to recruit separatist fighters Russian-backed rebels eastern Ukraine . Russia 's foreign ministry said it was \" outraged \" Poland 's decision . The Night Wolves' planned road trip Poland stirred such controversy the group 's close association Vladimir Putin and its support Moscow 's annexation Crimea and Russian-backed separatists eastern Ukraine . They are viewed Poland the \" Kremlin 's Hells Angels \" . The day news the trip appeared earlier this month many Polish newspapers illustrated the story a photograph showing a sunglass-wearing , helmetless Russian president riding an enormous three-wheeled Harley-Davidson Lehman Trike the club Crimea 2010 . A Facebook page entitled \" No the Russian bandits' ride Poland \" quickly garnered support more 10,000 people . The page 's co-host Jarek Podworski , a biker Krakow , told me the Night Wolves were not motorcycle enthusiasts but criminals , some whom had taken part the fighting eastern Ukraine . Besides , he added , Poles remembered the Soviet occupation Poland . Warsaw has been a strong critic Moscow 's actions Ukraine . The Polish foreign ministry said three other Russian biker groups would be allowed the country . But it said it was notified the group 's plans only Monday , and details the route or number participants . The ministry added it had informed the Russian embassy Warsaw the lack information meant \" it could not ensure proper security the participants \" . However , Russia 's foreign ministry said a statement : \" It is clear the decision that was taken has a political motive . \" The Night Wolves intend to cross several countries , following a path taken the Red Army World War Two , the aim arriving Berlin time 9 May Victory Day celebrations Moscow . The 6,000km ( 3,720 mile ) road trip would take them Russia , Belarus , Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Austria , reaching Germany .", "The 32-year-old had been poor form but made a double century to inspire his side 's fightback England made 629-6 declared Cape Town . \" I believe I can be greater value a fully focused batsman and senior player this time ,\" said Amla . AB de Villiers will lead South Africa the third Test Johannesburg , which starts 14 January . his appointment successor Graeme Smith June 2014 , Amla captained the world number one side 14 Tests . He won four and drew six but came pressure a 3-0 series defeat India . Amla said he had considered quitting the start the series England , who won the first Test 241 runs Durban last week . his marathon effort Newlands , Amla , a veteran 90 Tests and 7,108 runs , had not hit a Test century December 2014 . \" I honestly feel a lot the criticism that Hashim has faced the last couple weeks is very harsh ,\" said South Africa coach Russell Domingo . \" He is one South Africa 's greatest players . There has n't been enough respect shown his achievements a player . \" De Villiers had raised doubts his future Test cricket the first Test his busy workload , and handed wicketkeeping duties Quinton Kock the second match . The 31-year-old , who already leads the one-day side , said : \" It is an incredible honour to captain South Africa any format . The captaincy has obviously come short notice and is the realisation a lifelong dream . \" the moment my priority and focus is placed leading this team what can be a memorable series win England . This Test squad is motivated and determined to turn our performances and I 'm looking forward taking that challenge captain . \" England captain Alastair Cook was sad to learn Amla 's resignation . \" You 're pressure a captain a lot the time ,\" said Cook . \" It 's always sad when someone steps to captain your country is a huge honour and a real privilege . \" He 'll have his reasons and I wish him all the best - he 's a really nice guy . \" Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat said Amla \" still had a huge role to play shaping the success our team \" . He added : \" He is just that type a person and we are very fortunate to have him our stable . \" I want to thank AB readily accepting the challenge rebuilding our Test team we seek to remain the best team the world . \"", "Forecasts were quarterly growth 0.5 % and 0.7 % . Official statistics also showed household consumption expenditure boosted the quarterly growth numbers . But economist Shane Oliver told the BBC the numbers were \" well potential \" . an annual basis the economy expanded 2.3 % , beating expectations 2.1 % . Economic growth the March quarter 2014 was 2.9 % . \" The March quarter GDP [ gross domestic product ] growth was far better feared just a few days ago ,\" said Mr Oliver , who is chief economist AMP Capital Sydney . \" However , Australia is still not the woods , annual growth 2.3 % is well potential , and a full 0.8 % percentage points the 0.9 % growth came higher inventories and trade . \" He said domestic demand remained \" very weak consumer spending and home construction only just offsetting the ongoing slump mining investment \" . \" So the Australian economy has not crashed - many had feared would happen the end the mining boom - but it is continuing to grow a sub par pace ,\" he added . Australia 's economy has been adjusting a post mining-boom landscape . It saw its economy grow 0.5 % the October December 2014 period the quarter before , when growth was 0.4 % . Tuesday , the country 's central bank , the Reserve Bank Australia ( RBA ) , did not cut its lending rates further to help boost the economy , pressure businesses to do so . The decision saw Australian stocks fall 1.72 % investors saw little hope a further cut the near future . However , Evan Lucas IG Markets Melbourne said \" the collapse [ Australian stocks ] the back the RBA not having an explicit easing bias ... was a bit an overreaction \" . May , the RBA cut its benchmark lending rate 25 basis points an all-time low 2 % . Rising property prices Australia 's biggest city , Sydney , a strong currency and a drop iron ore prices were the reasons the cut . The May rate cut was the second this year , following a previous 25 basis point cut February and followed similar action central banks China , Canada , Singapore , Korea and India . A rising Australian dollar had also been cause concern , particularly Australia 's big mining and energy exporters . Mr Oliver said more help would likely to be required \" the form an even lower Australian dollar - and to ensure this happens the RBA may yet still have to cut interest rates further record low territory . \"", "But the summer visitor is decline and , according a new study , its migratory habits may be to blame . Scientists have tagged birds leaving the UK and believe they take two different routes their journey to spend the winter Africa . Surprisingly , survival is lower the shorter route Spain , they report the journal , Nature Communications . And this suggests migration - as well other factors such loss farmland and insect food - may be to blame the cuckoo 's decline . More half cuckoos the UK have been lost the past 20 years , according the British Trust Ornithology ( BTO ) Norfolk , which led the research . \" That pattern starting the same place but taking two very different routes to get there has not been seen before any birds , the best our knowledge ,\" said lead researcher Dr Chris Hewson . \" We need to understand the full annual cycle a migratory bird order to understand its population decline . \" Facts the common cuckoo Source : British Library / RSPB / BTO 2011 , the BTO has been satellite-tracking cuckoos to study their migration patterns when they leave the UK . Working the University Copenhagen , the charitable research institute used satellite tags to track 42 male common cuckoos the UK population more 50 autumn migrations . The researchers found birds declining populations were more likely to migrate winter breeding grounds central Africa a western route ( Spain ) an eastern route ( Italy and the Balkans ) . The higher mortality occurred reaching the harsh environment the Sahara desert , the fact the western route is about a tenth shorter this point . The scientists think birds may have encountered challenging drought conditions Spain . Alternatively , they may have been deprived insect food such hairy caterpillars leaving the UK , leaving them lower fat stores their hazardous journey . Migratory bird species are increasingly threatened the world factors including climate change , habitat change and habitat loss . Migratory birds ' lack world protection ' Understanding where mortality occurs their annual cycles is therefore increasingly important , especially long-distance migratory land birds , which show some the steepest population declines , say the scientists . Follow Helen Twitter .", "Donaldson , 41 , moved eight par Barseback Golf and Country Club to lead Italy 's Renato Paratore . Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin , who was tied the lead Thursday , are a stroke further back Malmo . \" I made some great escapes and the chipping and putting has been better ,\" said Donaldson . \" I 've just got to keep doing the same things , do n't think too far ahead winning tournaments yet it 's only two rounds . \" Donaldson , who is looking a fourth European Tour title , carded five birdies and just his first bogey the week to take the lead . \" I 've been playing some nice golf and just not been able to put it all together , the first couple days here I 've been able to do that ,\" added the world number 256 . Orrin , who secured a rookie season the European Tour the qualifying school , had shared the overnight lead Paratore , but the 23-year-old could only add a level-par 73 his opening 68 . He and 39-year-old Storm , who is seeking his second win the season , are joined tied third France 's Benjamin Hebert .", "There are currently five drop-in clinics England victims the practice , which affects an estimated 200 million women and girls worldwide . But there is no such medical provision Wales . Now charity Bawso is working to open a pilot clinic the Cardiff Royal Infirmary to provide medical and psychological help survivors . 2014-15 Bawso supported 788 families affected FGM Wales which , according the World Health Organization involves \" the partial or total removal the female external genitalia or other injury the female genital organs non-medical reasons \" . Bawso 's violence women director Dr Mwenya Chima said : \" the UK there are women 's clinics women who have had FGM , medical and psychological help . Survivors can just walk and ask help . \" But Wales we do n't have any that . We are trying to make a case health agencies we need to have this kind clinic , even it is initially one day a week a year to see there is a demand . \" Dr Chima believes there is a big gap the support provided , and many survivors FGM Wales are not known . She said : \" I worked a young women recently - a survivor FGM - who wanted medical help she was having problems . she wanted help she was already two minds having anything done she was going her parents . \" We tried to get her help the clinic Bristol , but there were delays she was the area , the end it did n't happen and she is still living these problems now . \" The call comes the world marks the international day zero tolerance FGM - a UN-sponsored event to raise awareness the issue . it has been illegal to carry FGM the UK 1985 , there have been no successful prosecutions relating the practice , which is carried cultural and religious reasons certain communities .", "Lilliard Gin is based the Born the Borders visitor centre Jedburgh . It comes ahead a number proposals , which are various stages the planning process , to open the region 's first whisky distillery 1837 . Lead distiller Kate Macinnes said the potential to make the Scottish Borders a \" region distilling excellence \" was \" really exciting \" . \" Our gin production is a completely different scale the other distilleries development ,\" she said . \" Our still is one the smallest production stills the UK , and our entire operation fits a cowshed , but people our gin , that 's all that matters . \" We have a rich abundance wild food our doorstep the Teviot valley , and Lilliard Gin aims to capture that and convey a true sense the local flavour palette and our Borders ' terroir '.\" John Henderson , Born the Borders , said the gin distillery was a natural companion the Scottish Borders Brewery the site . \" To be able to play host the first new distillery the Borders nearly 200 years is incredible ,\" he said . \" And the fact Lilliard Gin are looking to use Borders botanicals means they are completely tune our own ethos local sourcing . \" We just ca n't wait them to get started , and to taste their gin . \" The gin takes its name a legendary Borders figure . \" Lilliard was the heroine the Battle Ancrum Moor 1545 , fought just north the distillery ,\" explained Ms Macinnes . \" Lilliard reputedly fought to avenge the death her lover the hands the English . The battle site is also known Lilliard 's Edge . \" We wanted a name that reflected our landscape , and our strong female production team , and Lilliard seemed a natural choice . \"", "half the former John Player factory Radford , built 1895 , has now been torn a series controlled demolitions . The decision to erase it completely will be made its owners and insurers . Senior firefighters have said the blaze the Victorian landmark , which was being converted student accommodation , was the most complex they had ever dealt . So how much damage has the fire done the city 's architectural landscape ? Maria Erskine , curator community history Nottingham City Museums and Galleries describes the site \" significant \" terms the social and economic history the city . She says the factory was envisaged the 1880s and was the only remaining one commissioned John Player himself . \" Radford was an undeveloped area these factories were built , so it really showed the growth ,\" Ms Erskine said . \" It was built just Radford Boulevard was laid and it was the building Radford , so that 's why it was so significant . \" Players built three factories the area , they originally only needed one . It was used the lace-making industry cigarette production began there 1903 . Players' Victorian factories featured high ceilings and large windows . Many the company 's original buildings were demolished when the larger Horizon factory was built to meet the firm 's production needs Lenton the 1970s . \" Players relocated they could n't build anymore Radford there was so much housing and that 's why there 's been a slow erosion these buildings . \" The firm 's advertising later took slogans such \" Player 's Please \" , which was registered 1924 . Player 's sponsorship major sporting events such motor racing , tennis and rugby the last half the 20th Century also helped it become a household name . The Lotus Formula One team was sponsored John Player the late 1960s the 1980s . 2009 , the city council and the University Nottingham began an online archive more 20,000 objects the firm 's history . The items include adverts , packaging and enamel signs the 1890s the 1980s .", "Dale Merza , 20 , is charged misdemeanour hazing the alleged attack last October Andrew Seely , 19 , Central Michigan University . Mr Seely , who was sleeping the time the incident , sought medical treatment serous facial swelling . The accused could get 93 days jail and a $ 1,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 800 ) fine convicted . Mr Merza 's legal representative told the Detroit Free Press his client , who was charged Friday Isabella County District Court , was innocent . \" This case has been blown way proportion the individual 's family members , who were not present and do n't have any the facts ,\" lawyer Bruce Leach told the newspaper . It is an induction ritual meted typically new members the US college men and women 's social clubs known fraternities and sororities , but also military recruits . The practice can include physical violence , sexual coercion , forced alcohol consumption , or degrading and dangerous \" pranks \" such forcing people to eat vile food mixtures or consume large amounts water . It is illegal most US states , amounting usually a misdemeanour charge , there are serious injuries . There has been a nationwide crackdown hazing high-profile deaths including that Florida A & M University drumming student Robert Champion . Why is hazing so common ? Mr Seely was targeted an off-campus fraternity house , Alpha Chi Rho , which was sanctioned 2011 hazing incidents . His mother , Teresa Seely , wrote the alleged hazing a viral Facebook post March , saying : \" He could have been killed . \" The accounting student only told his family what had happened months afterwards . He blamed the incident his decision to leave the college . The teenager 's father , Paul Seely , told CBS News his son could have been killed the peanut butter had entered his mouth . The Seely family said their son had made known other members the fraternity he had a severe peanut allergy , which he carries medication . The National Fraternity Alphi Chi Rho condemned the incident , saying it did not condone such behaviour . \" Alpha Chi Rho is appalled and upset the actions taken individuals Andrew Seely ,\" said its statement .", "A social media campaign had proposed giving Halti mountain summit Finland its 100th birthday next year . The border the two countries runs the mountain its peak . But Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg said sadly she had had to turn the idea the country 's constitution prohibited any sacrifice Norwegian territory . Part Halti mountain is already Finland - and forms its current highest point - but the peak is 20m ( 66ft ) the border Norwegian territory . Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit , 1,330m ( 4,363 ft ) , Finland , saying the change would be barely visible the map . They had argued the peak \" would be a wonderful gift our sister nation \" to mark its independence Russia , and not a big loss mountainous Norway , which has much higher peaks . The campaign 's Facebook page got 17,000 likes , support both sides the border . But it hit an insurmountable legal issue . \" Border adjustments countries raise challenging legal problems , them linked the Norwegian constitution ,\" Ms Solberg wrote Svein Leiros , the mayor the town Kaafjord northern Norway , who supported the campaign . Norway 's 1814 constitution stipulates the country is \" indivisible \" - and apparently not even an area the size a football pitch can be split . \" We will instead consider another suitable gift Finland its anniversary ,\" the prime minister added .", "Mr Tillerson , former head Exxon Mobil no previous political experience , said an interview he was \" stunned \" the invitation . \" I did n't want this job . I did n't seek this job ,\" he told the conservative website Independent Journal Review ( IJR ) his recent visit Asia . \" My wife told me I 'm supposed to do this . \" the wide-ranging interview , Mr Tillerson said he had been due to retire this month spending more 40 years oil giant Exxon Mobil . He turns 65 Thursday . \" I was going to go the ranch to be my grandkids ,\" he added the interview , he returned the US Beijing . Mr Tillerson said he had never met Donald Trump his election November . When he was invited a conversation the then president-elect , he thought they would talk \" the world \" given his experiences the oil company , he added . \" When he asked me the end that conversation to be secretary state , I was stunned . \" Mr Tillerson then gave the news his wife , Renda St Clair , who said : \" I told you God 's not you . \" He added : \" My wife convinced me . She was right . I 'm supposed to do this . \" It was Mr Tillerson 's first interview he took office and correspondents say he has so far kept a low profile the state department . He came criticism the state department press corps was not taken him his trip Asia . The IJR 's Erin McPike was the only reporter allowed to travel him . The state department said this was the size the plane . But the interview Mr Tillerson said : \" I 'm not a big media press access person . I personally do n't need it . \" I understand it 's important to get the message what we 're doing , but I also think there 's only a purpose getting the message when there 's something to be done . \" Mr Tillerson has also been criticised his close ties Russian President Vladimir Putin . But when the subject came the interview , the IJR said : \" He was so cagey when Russia came , example , his answer was n't even worthy inclusion . \"", "Suffolk side Needham Market FC were heading Folkestone when they hit a jam the M20 Kent Saturday . reported the Ryman Football League website , they were approached a woman who was late her wedding . Club secretary Mark Easlea said they wanted to know she got the church time and to congratulate her . More news Suffolk posing the photo the bride-to-be - who appeared to be decent spirits even her journey her wedding had been disrupted - it appeared none the men had asked her what her name was , where she was or where she was going , Mr Easlea said . \" Everyone had got the coach and was sitting the side the road the blistering heat , when she wandered along and said ' Lads , can I have a photo you my wedding day ?' . \" She was obviously as late everyone else and we 've no idea how long she kept the groom waiting the altar , but we 'd dearly love someone to contact the club and tell us who she is , we think she brought us luck ,\" he said . The Ryman Premier League side beat Folkestone Invicta 1-0 when they eventually kicked an hour later planned . The M20 remained partially closed Sunday the bridge collapsed Saturday lunchtime being hit a lorry carrying a digger . Two large cranes cleared the debris the road which is the main route the Channel Tunnel . A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when he threw himself his bike to avoid hitting the fallen bridge but nobody else was injured .", "The 18-year-old Birmingham was detained arriving back the UK Saturday morning . It follows the arrest a 24-year-old man and 20-year-old woman , both Birmingham , 4 April , who are bail , West Midlands police said . It is not connected five terror arrests Friday linked attacks Europe , the force confirmed .", "It is hoped models three soldiers - each depicting one the old regiments - will be cast bronze and displayed the Arboretum Staffordshire . The Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association said a \" substantial amount \" the \u00c2 \u00a3 140,000 cost had been raised . A fundraising appeal has now been launched to raise the remaining money . Mike Richardson , the Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association , said the sculptures would also be a \" salute \" the families those people who served the three disbanded regiments , \" not only the small operations so-called peace time but the two devastating world wars \" . Paddy King-Fretts , who served the 2nd Battalion Dorset Regiment , completing three tours Northern Ireland , said the statues \" mean a lot \" . \" I 've been the National Memorial Arboretum three times and the names my soldiers that fell are engraved the walls there , but it 's nice to have something to compliment that and the rest the nation to see and ponder ,\" he said . The sculptures will be created Andover , Hampshire , moving the Arboretum Alrewas - the UK 's national site remembrance .", "John Coyle tried to rob a Scotmid store Glasgow 's Easterhouse , but left empty-handed the worker shouted her mother who also worked there . The High Court Glasgow heard Coyle 's \" very distinctive \" hair could be seen the footage . The 43-year-old , Cranhill , will be sentenced the new year . It emerged Coyle had served a number lengthy jail terms similar crimes . He had only recently been released being jailed a robbery 2009 the latest attack October .", "The coins , which are known Scottish groats , were discovered keen metal detector Tom Crawford last January . They were buried about eight inches the soil a farm Banbridge . Experts believe they are part a larger hoard coins found Mr Crawford the same field 2001 . The collection was probably dispersed time ploughing . This was Mr Crawford 's fourth time a treasure trove inquest . He said his success was \" knowing where to go \" and \" having a fair idea where to look \" . \" There is more chance finding something where you know people would have been living 1,000 years ago ,\" he added . He said discovering long-buried artefacts was a \" euphoric \" feeling . \" It 's not so much the money , it 's the fact you are the first person to touch something 700 years ,\" he said . \" I found a 3,000-year-old bronze axe about 10 years ago and it 's the idea something has been hidden so long and then you get to see it and touch it . \" Former curator the Ulster Museum , Robert Heslip , said the hoard coins was probably buried a landmark - a small Rath ring fort . The person who left them may have died reclaiming them . He said finds this one are significant they are specific a particular time and this part Northern Ireland . \" You find virtually nothing this the south Ireland and they peter the west ,\" he said . \" There have been a cluster these sorts finds eastern Ulster . \" The coins will now be sent the British Museum London valuation . It is thought they are probably worth \u00c2 \u00a3 50 and \u00c2 \u00a3 100 each . They will be offered sale and any profit is split the finder and the owner the land where the treasure was uncovered .", "Caitlin Ruddy had been a group teenagers the north pier Cullercoats Bay Saturday evening . Northumbria Police said she was rescued the side the bay a member the public . Caitlin died hospital suffering a cardiac arrest . Her mother , Sabrina Cook , said she had lost her \" everything \" . Mrs Cook has warned young people \" not to take water granted , it is dangerous \" . \" I 've lost my daughter it ,\" she said . \" She was stunning , she was my everything really , she was my friend . \" Caitlin 's friends and family have been paying their respects Cullercoats Bay , writing messages the sand and leaving flowers . A RNLI lifeboat , a Coastguard search-and-rescue helicopter and police were called the scene about 20:00 GMT . Caitlin was taken Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital Cramlington . Another 15-year old girl , and a boy and girl both aged 14 , were also taken hospital a precaution but were uninjured , police said . Ch Insp Paul Knox issued a warning \" people can be taken unawares the strength the waves \" when it is dark and cold . \" People should always be careful water and the sea is looking rough waves pounding the pier , we would advise people to be particularly cautious and keep their distance ,\" he said . A Cullercoats resident who witnessed the rescue operation said the weather had been \" absolutely freezing \" . Newcastle University lecturer Clare Guilding said the beach was a popular place teenagers to congregate . \" It was minus 2C , but you get the front it was just bitterly , bitterly cold ,\" she said .", "The scooter Danny Glass was riding Sophie Emma Rose Anderson collided a truck Phuket 8 May . Mr Glass , 29 , originally Margate , escaped serious injury . Now he and the lorry driver Natt Awut Timsue are to be charged causing death reckless driving , Thai police said . Mr Glass - who lived Thailand Ms Anderson - is to hear the charges formally Thursday and a translator has been called the hearing . His family is expected to attend . Ms Anderson , 41 , originally Blackpool , was a keen video blogger , was Mr Glass . She had a YouTube channel called Sophie 's Joy Breastfeeding Mama , which she uploaded videos nursing her son the age eight . her death Mr Glass paid tribute her a video he uploaded YouTube . He said he \" missed her so much \" and added : \" Somebody wake me this nightmare ... she is meant to be having my baby three months . \" Tuesday he posted another video titled ' When will I come back Youtube ' , which he stated he would not be posting any more videos \" a while \" and did not know when he would return online . He said : \" It 's not the right time the moment , I need to get my life order and get this death . \" A Foreign Office spokesman said : \" We are contact the Thai police and are providing consular support a British man following a road traffic accident Bangkok . \"", "Leonie Granger Gillingham , Kent , was sentenced the Old Bailey having been found guilty manslaughter . Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson , 28 , and his friend Nicholas Chandler , 29 , were found guilty murder and jailed life a minimum term 36 years . Granger targeted Mehmet Hassan , 56 , a Mayfair casino March last year . Judge William Kennedy described the attack \" pitiless and wicked \" , adding : \" It was quite simply an act brutality which defies reason and compassion . \" Granger 's lawyer Orlando Pownall said she only took part the plot she was love Jackson and \" fell his desires \" and now \" deeply regretted \" her actions . \" Her head was turned Jackson , who she loved , and some extent Chandler who was persuasive and superficially charming ,\" he said . But Judge Kennedy said she had been \" deceitful the outset \" and had \" lost her sense and compassion \" when she got involved . He added she clearly cared more Jackson he cared her . Granger , who posed the name Rachel , was wined and dined the divorced father three who boasted friends he was not paying her to be him , the court heard earlier . the night he was killed , Mr Hassan had taken Granger the upmarket Nobu restaurant giving her \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 to gamble the nearby Palm Beach Casino . The two were seen kissing passionately a poker supervisor , leaving the casino together Mr Hassan 's flat Islington . Granger then let Jackson and Chandler the poker player 's flat leaving a taxi . Both men tied Mr Hassan parcel tape and a neck tie kicking and stamping him death , the trial was told . Afterwards , he lay dead a pool blood , all three were filmed Granger 's mobile phone throwing \u00c2 \u00a3 50 notes a room and even stuffing them their underpants . Commenting the footage , Judge Kennedy told the three defendants : \" The eloquence which it speaks you is deafening . \"", "Shaw will be joined the 18 July flight Los Angeles fellow England World Cup squad member Wayne Rooney . Spain 's Juan Mata and David De Gea are also named , plus Japan 's Shinji Kagawa . \" We are delighted to have such a strong travelling squad our pre-season tour the United States ,\" said assistant manager Ryan Giggs . United have already confirmed new manager Louis van Gaal will be present , even he could be involved the World Cup final Netherlands , only five days his squad leave Manchester . Van Gaal 's side have a minimum four games the US , starting Los Angeles Galaxy 23 July and including an International Champions Cup programme Roma , Nemanja Vidic 's new club Inter Milan and Real Madrid .", "The systems , Kentucky Methodist Hospital , Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , California , are now running normally again . None the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom . And the cases are now being investigated the FBI . The Kentucky Methodist Hospital had to shut all its desktop computers and activate a back-up system . A message its homepage said : \" Methodist Hospital is currently working an internal state emergency a computer virus that has limited our use electronic web-based services . \" We are currently working to resolve this issue , then we will have limited access web-based services and electronic communications . \" It later said no patient data or care had been affected . Fred Ortega , a spokesman Prime Healthcare Services , which owns Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , said : \" It did cause significant disruptions our IT systems . \" However , most the systems and the critical infrastructure has been brought back online . \" The attack comes weeks it was revealed Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Centre Los Angeles had been attacked ransomware . that case , it paid $ 17,000 to get access files back . Kentucky Methodist Hospital information systems director Jamie Reid named the malware involved Locky , a new bug that encrypts files , documents and images and renames them the extension . locky . The most common way Locky gets itself machines is a spam email an attached document that looks nonsense and advises readers to enable macros \" the data encoding is incorrect \" . the malware is downloaded , it sends a message desktops instructions how users can pay to have files unlocked . November , a report Intel 's McAfee labs said the number ransomware attacks was expected to grow 2016 . Security expert Brian Krebs said : \" It 's a fair bet ransomware attacks and attackers mature , these schemes will slowly become more targeted . \" I also worry these more deliberate attackers will take a bit more time to discern how much the data they 've encrypted is really worth , and precisely how much the victim might be willing to pay to get it . \"", "Media playback is not supported this device Our mission is to inspire , empower and motivate our online community the pursuit feeling BodyPositive . And we 'll be you every step the way you enjoy and celebrate being YOU . We 're proud all the things that make us unique and we reckon embracing our differences we can make our own lives happier - and inspire someone else the way . We 'll be bringing you the very best the world health & fitness , wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty to inspire you to enjoy this next year exactly the way you want . And we want you to share your lives us too tweeting , posting , sharing , snapping and chatting your way the next six months . Stay tuned and join our body brigade ! January 27 , we 'll be getting up close and personal R1 's Gemma Cairney a BodyPositive takeover The Surgery Gemma and Dr Radha , so what is it you want to talk ? Perhaps you 've hidden something yourself years and are now ready to tell the world . Maybe you 've got a secret even your friends and family do n't know . The chances are , you 're not alone . We 've all got stories and now it 's time to share them . We 're looking real life tales how you 've overcome something that embarrassed you , or maybe made you feel alone or awkward . It could be anything a physical scar a deep fear or a condition perhaps you think people just do n't understand . We 'll back your story expert advice and enable you to share your experience a community people who are just you . And maybe you 'll be the inspiration someone else too . Drop us a email an idea what you want to talk your contact details . We 'd love to hear you . you are 16 or 17 we may need parental permission to include contributions .", "The Romanian diners , who had paid a deposit \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 900 ($ 950 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 770 ) , left the El Carmen restaurant Bembibre dessert was due to be served , Antonio Rodriguez said . \" It happened the space a minute ,\" he said . \" It was something they had planned and they left a stampede . \" The diners owe \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2,000 more , he said . Mr Rodriguez gave police the details the reservation but said he held little hope being repaid . Police told El Pais newspaper they had not yet been able to contact any the diners . The diners had consumed starters , a main course and 30 bottles various alcoholic drinks , he said , adding it was the first time 35 years working the restaurant trade that he had seen seen anything comparable .", "There were 70 reports the lambing season earlier this year compared 45 the same time last year . Police Scotland said the crime , which involved dogs chasing farm animals , had previously been under-reported . It said 60 % this year 's incidents were detected and the dogs' owners reported the procurator fiscal . Most the offences reported were Aberdeenshire , Highlands and Islands and Lanarkshire . Sheep were the most common animal affected . Other animals involved included horses and cattle . 79 % incidents , livestock were killed or injured , and average this involved two or three sheep incident . Most incidents - 70 % - involved only one dog and 73 % cases the offending dog was local that area , more half all incidents involving a dog roaming free and where no owner was present . Insp Jane Donaldson , Police Scotland 's rural crime co-ordinator , said the rise reports followed a campaign encouraging farmers and crofters to contact police livestock worrying incidents . She said : \" Livestock worrying has previously been under-reported . \" Farmers were often reluctant to report incidents police , particularly where there was a ' near miss' and no physical damage was done their livestock . \" A significant part the spring campaign was to get this message farmers and encourage them to report all incidents and I think this is reflected the increase reported crimes . \" More accurate reporting has improved our understanding the problem , increasing intelligence the how , where and why these incidents are occurring . \" Anne Gray , policy officer Scottish Land and Estates , said : \" We are very pleased how successful this year 's campaign has been and we will continue to support the initiative going forward . \" It is vital livestock worrying incidents are reduced . \" No-one wants to see this type completely unnecessary suffering and the higher the profile these incidents the more , we hope , it will prompt the small minority irresponsible dog owners to change their ways and ensure they know where their dog is all times . \"", "Ocon , 20 , is contracted long-term Mercedes , Force India 's engine provider , and has been racing Manor the second half this season . He replaces German Nico Hulkenberg , 29 , who has moved Renault , and will be Mexican Sergio Perez , 26 . \" Spending half a season Manor Racing has given me some valuable experience and I feel ready this ,\" said Ocon . \" It 's something I 've been working my whole life and I intend to grab this opportunity both hands . \" I want to say thank you everybody Manor and especially Mercedes-Benz their support and belief me . I ca n't wait 2017 and my first full season racing Formula One . \" Ocon joined Manor the Belgian Grand Prix the end August and has impressed increasingly the season has progressed . Both he and Manor team-mate Pascal Wehrlein are contracted Mercedes' junior driver programme . Ocon 's best results Manor have been the 16th-placed finishes he secured the Belgian Grand Prix and last month 's Malaysian Grand Prix . Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "A Care Inspectorate report has found some staff Kingsmead Kingswells were not treating people \" dignity and respect \" . Some residents had lost weight , concerns being raised their nutritional needs were not being met . The report said some incidences , people were being treated \" objects \" . The report said one lunchtime service was \" chaotic \" and the dining experience people was \" very poor \" . It said management and staff displayed poor knowledge clinical needs . The report called significant improvements , including staff development . Mike Best , group managing director Mead Medical Holdings , said they were concentrating reducing the number agency staff , increasing the number permanent staff and looking raising standards the way they operated . The home can provide care 55 older people , and 10 adults learning disabilities .", "19 June 2017 Last updated 08:45 BST But what your pooch does n't understand what you 're saying ? Well , how , your dog understood a different language altogether ? Ricky has been finding one dog who was having some language issues .", "Mark Mason , 48 , Rhyl , Denbighshire , was stabbed death the car park the town 's Home Bargains 27 October . James Davies , 20 , was convicted murder , and Anthony Baines , 30 , and Mark Ennis , 30 were convicted manslaughter Mold Crown Court . Jake Melia , 21 , previously admitted the charges and the four will be sentenced June . Davies , Baines and Ennis , all Liverpool , denied murdering Mr Mason . They also denied maliciously wounding Justin Trickett and Sam Illidge - who were the same vehicle Mr Mason - intent to inflict grievous bodily harm . Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge were also stabbed the attack , but their wounds were less severe . Baines was found guilty one count wounding , but Davies and Ennis were cleared those charges . Mrs Justice Nicola Davies remanded all three custody sentencing , which she said would take place three days . The trial heard the attack was the result a turf war which had erupted two rival gangs the control the drugs trade Rhyl . Paul Lewis QC , prosecuting , told the trial Mr Mason , a father two , was \" repeatedly and fatally stabbed \" the three defendants and Melia he sat the passenger seat a van the car park . He was stabbed 22 times less a minute . The four killers were members the \" Pensarn Crew \" , sometimes called \" Ste 's Crew \" , Mr Lewis said . Mr Mason , Mr Trickett and Mr Illidge were members \" Mark 's Crew \" , or \" Marco 's Crew \" - it was not suggested Mr Mason was the leader . \" The fatal attack appears to have been an act retribution the part the defendants and Melia ,\" said Mr Lewis . Jurors were shown CCTV footage a white Renault van The Cob area Rhyl the afternoon 27 October which showed the white van being stopped a black BMW 4X4 . Shouts \" stab him \" and \" kill him \" could be heard . The prosecution said the killing was retribution an earlier incident when Melia and Davies were said to have been chased masked armed men drug dealing the area .", "Akpan , 25 , was dismissed the 87th minute Rovers' 2-1 Championship defeat Sheffield Wednesday Tuesday , 14 February . The Nigeria international denied the charge , which was upheld an independent regulatory commission . Rovers were fined \u00a3 5,000 their players' response the incident . He has already missed one game part the ban , Friday 's game Burton also included , leaving him two further games to serve .", "The 21-year-old is eligible to face Macclesfield Saturday . Former Port Vale player Jefford has made 27 appearances Welling this season . \" Ben is a good young player that we potentially feel is a league player ,\" Rovers assistant boss Jamie Day told BBC Wiltshire . \" He has gained some good experience . \"", "The hosts lost both openers cheaply , Nick Gubbins was caught the bowling James Tomlinson , and Sam Robson edged Tino Best Jimmy Adams . But Voges and Malan 's 279-run stand put Middlesex firmly top , Malan edged Liam Dawson to slip 147 . Voges remained unbeaten the close 128 John Simpson ( 28 ) Middlesex finished the day 342-3 . Middlesex 's third-wicket partnership leaves them strong position to claim their first win the County Championship this season , having drawn all six their games so far . Voges' ton , his first the season , came 200 balls , taking the former Australia batsman 13,000 first-class runs his career . Malan was more aggressive dismantling Hampshire 's bowling attack , hitting 17 fours and two sixes getting dismissed attempting to drive a Dawson delivery . The visitors could take few positives their performance , but they will remain hopeful salvaging a draw the game , poor weather forecast Tuesday 's third day .", "Croydon NHS managers have decided to withdraw NHS prescriptions formula feed to help reduce budget deficits . Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) said the plan could save the NHS thousands pounds year . Mother Sarah Rose however said it was \" taking milk a baby \" her seven-month-old son Sam depended it . Richmond Clinical Commissioning Group is consulting withdrawing formula prescriptions too and the consultation runs 3 February . It said : \" It is proposed GPs no longer provide soya-based infant formula milk , thickened infant formulas or formulas lactose intolerance prescription these are now widely available to buy community pharmacies and supermarkets a similar cost standard infant formula . \" People who might be affected include those cow 's milk protein allergy and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease , it warned , but it calculated this would provide a saving \u00a3 386,000 year . Standard formula milk costs \u00a3 10 a week 's supply and is available supermarkets and chemists . Miss Rose , a 33-year-old primary school support assistant and mother-of-two , said Sam had a prescription the specialist formula that would otherwise cost \u00a3 40 online one tin that would feed him about two and half days . She said : \" The tins are about half the size normal milk formula it works eight times the price . \" \" We have n't got a lot money . This is not me being fussy , but it 's taking milk a baby \" , she said . \" We went A & E twice he [ Sam ] was diagnosed this allergy about four months . He was screaming pain all the time . He arched his back and started refusing milk . Now he 's a normal baby . I do n't ever want to go back that again . \" An online petition calling the CCG to reverse its decision has attracted more 6,000 signatures and charities , such Allergy UK and Anaphylaxis Campaign , expressed their disappointment and urged a rethink . Dr Tony Brzezicki , Clinical Chair NHS Croydon CCG said : \" We share the public 's concerns and we will do what we can to reduce the impact the most vulnerable our communities and to make sure funding is there those the greatest clinical need . \" He said the prescriptions would cease the coming months and families would be given notice the plans the change took effect . \" These are very difficult decisions but we need to focus our limited resources where we can have the biggest impact people 's health and well-being ,\" he added .", "Vithiya Alphons , 24 , has acute myeloid leukaemia but her Sri Lankan background makes the search hard not many South Asian people are donor registers . She launched a social media campaign to help find a match . Charity Anthony Nolan said 5,600 have signed the last week . \" The impact Vithiya 's appeal has been nothing short incredible ,\" said Ann O'Leary , head register development , the charity . \" But Vithiya still needs to find her stem cell match and there are people just her all the world who are still waiting . \" We need to continue to diversify the register we can find a match all . \" Miss Alphons was diagnosed the aggressive form blood cancer falling ill just days returning her final year an optometry student Cardiff University . She started feeling unwell severe sickness and a fever , she had a pain her leg , so she went her doctor tests . She underwent chemotherapy Cardiff being well enough to be transferred a hospital London , where she is . her third course chemotherapy , Miss Alphons felt better and thought she had beaten her illness . But further tests showed the leukaemia was still her blood and doctors told her the best option was a stem cell transplant a donor , which is needed the next two months . Speaking BBC 's Asian Network Miss Alphons said she is grateful all the support . \" I would just like to say thank you so much everyone who has registered so far and please , please do carry registering you can save my life and you can also save so many other 's lives . \" Please spread the word and help me to save my life . \"", "Choity Khatun , who is three , was born caudal twinning , meaning part a twin had developed her pelvis . Australian surgeons spent months working how to remove the extra limb and reconstruct her pelvic area . The toddler was brought Australia her village Bangladesh a charity , Children First Foundation . Dr Chris Kimber , head surgery Monash Children 's Hospital Victoria , said Choity 's case was very rare and the surgery had been \" daunting \" . \" The operation is sort of determined the individual and you have to spend a lot time trying to analyse what 's there and then plan a procedure that takes that account ,\" he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . The Australian team held extensive discussions doctors Bangladesh , who had already performed some surgery . The team had to determine further surgery was even possible or beneficial she was brought Australia last year . Doctors Bangladesh had removed part the leg \" but she was still left a large mass sitting there her pelvis her two normal legs \" , Dr Kimber said . \" there 's part a twin in there , she had two rectums , two vaginas , potentially two anuses - double bits that were growing a very abnormal area . \" a lengthy planning process , the team embarked the surgery November . They removed the part the leg that was left behind and carried reconstruction work to ensure the little girl was continent - something that will help her to function much better back home . Dr Kimber said the toddler , who is partially blind , was now walking and running around , and had put weight . He said she might need further corrective surgery her teenage years but would be able to return home Bangladesh her mother \" medication or surgical aids \" . Her mother , Shima Khatun , told Australian media Thursday she was looking forward going home her family and watching her daughter play . \" Everything is good now\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she can play other babies\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she is the same [ them ],\" she said .", "The man , believed to be a Polish national , was found badly injured the early hours Wednesday flats Thurso Crescent . He later died Ninewells Hospital . A 24-year-old man was arrested Thursday and has now been charged . He is expected to appear Dundee Sheriff Court Monday . Police have not named the victim they have not been able to formally identify him .", "The fire started about 10:00 the complex Walter Hay Court Rosyth , which contains about 30 retirement bungalows . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said several people had been rescued and evacuated the burning building . Police said a body had been found the property . An investigation was way the site . John Mills , head Fife Council 's housing services , said : \" We were alerted an incident this morning an address Walter Hay Court . \" Unfortunately the fire has resulted the death an occupant and our sympathies are their family and friends this sad time . \" A Police Scotland spokeswoman said : \" Police Fife are investigating following a fatal fire an address Walter Hay Court , Rosyth . \" The incident happened 10am Friday , December 16 , when a fire was reported . Police and emergency services attended , however a body was found the property . \" Police are currently undertaking a joint examination the circumstances the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . A report will be sent the procurator fiscal . \"", "The 34-year-old rejoined the New Lawn side July 2016 and was ever-present they won promotion League Two last season . He made 144 appearances his first spell the club spending the 2015-16 season Gateshead . Mark Cooper has signed defenders Lee Collins and Callum Evans and midfielder Reece Brown they prepare their first season the Football League .", "The 58-year-old school principal Dublin won 144 a possible 278 votes and was 98 ahead his nearest rivals Sean Walsh and Frank Burke . Horan will take current president Aogan O Fearghail 2018 . \" Aogan is the president the next 12 months I 'll support him and learn him best I can ,\" said Horan Croke Park . The other candidates the post were Martin Skelly 22 votes 20 went Robert Frost . This weekend 's annual congress will be dominated new championship proposals football and hurling . The plans put GAA director general Paraic Duffy include completing the All-Ireland Senior Championships the end August . Also included is a new round-robin format the All-Ireland SFC quarter-finals , which would mean more games . This proposal has proved particularly controversial recent weeks . Both the Gaelic Players' Association and recently formed Club Players' Association have come Duffy 's plans , not necessarily the same reasons . Ostensibly , the main reason these mooted changes is to try and ensure more regular games club players but there is a certain amount bafflement how this can be squared the motion to have a round-robin stage the All-Ireland Football quarter-finals . The new club players' body has been angered the GAA 's top brass refused to grant it a speaking platform the Croke Park gathering . However , that may change further annual gatherings GAA delegates a motion the club players' body to be officially recognised is passed Dublin . All the indications are the votes both the so-called new ' Super Eight football round ' and the proposal to bring forward the All-Ireland finals will be exceptionally close , a two-thirds' majority required the format changes to be tried a three-year period . To make matters even complicated , congress will also hear a number motions calls the two-thirds majority to be scrapped , one call suggestion a simple majority and another calling the figure to be lowered 60 % . Inevitably , those motions will require a two-thirds majority to be passed . Going the weekend , Croke Park 's desire replays to be scrapped - favour extra-time - all championship games bar provincial and All-Ireland finals looks likely to be comfortably passed . last year 's congress , motions to move All-Ireland Finals earlier the year and scrap replays were both defeated , the finals proposal fell narrowly short getting support 60.8 % delegates .", "The Ibrox club have been linked another bid to land the Jambos midfielder , having had offers rejected earlier this summer . Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha watched Walker friendly action Newcastle Friday night . \" A lot people continue to say a lot things , and that 's it really , there is n't a situation ,\" Cathro said . \" Jamie is happy , he is focused , he is training well , playing well . everyone really . \" Walker , 24 , has turned the chance to sign a new Hearts contract , his current deal expiring next summer . And Cathro refused to comment reports suggesting the club have improved their offer the player , the head coach is relaxed the winger 's situation . \" I talk Jamie almost every day , even days off , he is a player I 'm fond ,\" Cathro said ahead his side 's trip to face Elgin City the League Cup Tuesday . \" He is a big talent , he is someone who a point will move a bigger league , a bigger club and have opportunities to work the top levels the game . that there is no doubt . \" And I 'm very happy to be playing a part how he progresses that . \" But , now , people are just wasting their time . \" Walker made his Hearts debut the 2011-12 campaign and has scored a total 41 goals 135 games the Jambos .", "The Dutchman , 25 , led 6-5 racing victory and the \u00a3 60,000 first prize five consecutive legs . \" This is a really big tournament to win and a difficult tournament too , so I 'll enjoy this ,\" said the world number one . Wright defeated Phil Taylor the quarter-final stage and whitewashed Stephen Bunting the last four . But the colourful 44-year-old Mendham Suffolk was unable to clinch his first major Professional Darts Corporation title , losing van Gerwen , who also beat him the 2014 World Championship final . \" It 's been a long weekend and I think I ran energy the final , and Michael was too good ,\" said Scotland-born Wright . \" I 'm really pleased to have got the final though and I 'm getting closer a big TV title . \"", "The 35-year-old has been released Brighton & Hove Albion they fell short their bid promotion . \" Maybe I drop a division , I 'll not feature , but it 's ifs , buts and maybes ,\" the defender said his international future . \" It is me to keep fit and keep playing and see where it takes me . \" Greer , who won his 11th cap starting Saturday 's 3-0 defeat France Metz , has no idea where he will be playing when Scotland start their World Cup qualifying campaign Malta September . \" Hopefully I 'll get something and I 'll be fit and ready the qualifiers ,\" said the centre-half who did not win his first cap he turned 32 . \" I am open anything . I would like anything a good opportunity where teams are pushing something . \" Greer had spent six years Brighton leaving Swindon Town but found himself Chris Hughton 's starting XI January . Injuries led a recall their final game the season Middlesbrough , when a 1-1 draw denied Brighton automatic promotion , and he retained his place the play-off semi-final defeat Sheffield Wednesday . The lengthy inactivity meant he was thankful more game time France being the receiving end a heavy defeat . \" It was very tough ,\" said the former Clyde , Blackburn Rovers , Kilmarnock and Doncaster Rovers centre-half . \" They are a very good team , got a lot good players and we found it difficult times . \" But it was good to go out there and get 90 minutes some the top players the world , so it was interesting . \" Scotland had lost 1-0 Italy six days earlier and failed to fire a shot target either the two friendlies sides preparing the Euro 2016 finals France . Greer was not one those questioning the decision to play two very strong teams the end a long domestic season . \" Ultimately , a footballer , you want to be playing out there some the best players a great atmosphere that 's what you train all season ,\" he stressed . \" We 've got some talented players coming and I think it was really worthwhile them as well . \" France are obviously a different stage their preparation going the Euros and everybody 's playing places . \" We went out there and gave it everything , but we just fell short a fantastic team . \"", "Born Eric Lubbock , he became Liberal MP Orpington 1962 when he won a by-election a huge 22 % swing the Conservatives . He held the seat eight years , moving the Lords 1971 when he inherited the title Baron Avebury . Lib Dem leader Tim Farron paid tribute a \" true Liberal \" , \" great campaigner \" and \" committed internationalist \" . Lord Avebury : Obituary Mr Farron said the peer , who had been suffering leukaemia , would \" be remembered as much his unyielding commitment fighting Liberal causes his sensational by-election victory \" . \" He campaigned to lower the voting age , founded the parliamentary human rights group and fought the rights refugees and asylum seekers , taking the cases hundreds individuals fleeing persecution . \" He was a committed internationalist , regularly promoting human rights the world . The Liberal Democrats have lost a great campaigner , a great friend and a true champion the Liberal cause . \" A Buddhist , Lord Avebury was the patron Angulimala , which promotes the teaching and practice Buddhism British prisons . He also campaigned behalf secular causes , fighting to remove mandatory daily worship maintained schools . 2009 , the National Secular Society named the peer secularist the year , jointly Evan Harris , his work abolition blasphemy laws England and Wales . His biography the Lib Dem website says he also \" sought and won \" a battle the senior parliamentary official known Black Rod to keep the right to park bicycles the front the Houses Parliament . Keith Porteous Wood , executive director the National Secular Society , said Lord Avebury had supported countless human rights campaigns . \" His knowledge foreign affairs , particularly remote parts the developing world , was second none . The weak and oppressed these places have lost a true champion . \" I have lost a very close friend . The nation has lost a human rights champion . \"", "Two men were attacked Ivory Blacks Oswald Street , Glasgow , about 23:00 Friday 14 October . Last month , officers released images two men they want to speak connection their investigation . Both men are described white and aged 25 35 . The first is 5ft 8in tall tattoo sleeves , and the other is 6ft 2in shaved , reddish hair . Police Scotland said the women may be able to assist them their inquiries . Anyone any information the incident or who recognises those shown the images has been urged to contact the police .", "The Save Oxfordshire Children 's Centres Campaign \" baby blockade \" is Oxfordshire County Council plans to cut the number centres to save \u00c2 \u00a3 8m . Organiser Jill Huish said more 500 people were \" definitely seen and heard \" when they took part the march Oxford Saturday . David Cameron had been invited to join the protest saying he was \" disappointed \" the cuts . The council has said it will continue to support the most vulnerable families Oxfordshire . the proposals , the authority would replace 44 existing centres eight \" children and family centres \" located the neediest areas Oxfordshire . The PM wrote council leader Ian Hudspeth last month calling it \" counter-productive \" and urging the authority to \" move cautiously setting its budget plans \" . his response , Mr Hudspeth said the council 's grants government had fallen and it had already made back-office savings . Ahead the protest , Jill Huish , behalf the campaign group , wrote an open letter Mr Cameron saying : \" We welcome your efforts to help protect these services , however perhaps us you are rapidly losing confidence government . \" \" Please join us the streets ,\" her letter urged . \" Cameron ca n't plead not guilty . Let 's be clear , he is not just a local constituency MP , he is the prime minister . \" It 's just not good enough ... . we cannot keep mum and watch the 44 children 's centres Oxfordshire be closed ,\" she said . When asked to comment the open letter , a government spokesperson said : \" There is still significant scope sensible savings local government to be made back-office consolidation , disposing surplus property and joining our local public services . \" The government continues to work councils to help deliver these savings and protect frontline services . \"", "A 59-year-old teacher London received \u00a3 185,000 she slipped a disc her back she was knocked the ground two unruly pupils . A member teaching staff north Wales was given \u00a3 100,000 compensation when the chair he sat collapsed . The NASUWTteaching union said it had won \u00a3 16,077,328 members last year . A Department Education spokesperson said : \" School employers are responsible the health and safety staff and pupils the local authority , governing body or academy trust , and they must adhere the Health and Safety Act 1974 . \" Teachers also received smaller payouts accidents the workplace , including a \u00a3 55,000 package a female member staff north-west England who tripped a tear the lino surface her science classroom . She was later diagnosed chronic back syndrome . NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates said many the injuries would be reduced employers \" took the welfare staff seriously \" and followed good health and safety practices . She said : \" The consequence negligence is careers , lives and health blighted and millions pounds public money spent compensation . \" Unfortunately , there is no incentive employers to take health and welfare seriously when they witness the government cutting funding inspection and failing to take steps to secure compliance the law . \" Failure to respect the rights employees and to comply employment law is also prevalent . \" Employers flout the law , but it 's the teachers and the taxpayers who pay the price . \" compensation is important , it can never make the fact teachers suffer permanent physical and mental injury and often cannot continue their chosen career . \" Separate data the NUT , which keeps its overall compensation figures private , said there were two cases personal injury compensation paid its members last year . One included a \u00a3 46,000 payout a teacher who suffered \" severe psychological injury \" following \" a sustained campaign bullying and harassment senior leadership \" . Another NUT member was awarded just \u00a3 4,500 she fractured a finger a defective doorknob , causing her long-term aches and a deformity . The union said it offered legal help 130 cases last year , including 71 involving criminal activity and 57 employment cases .", "Borthwick , 36 , left his role the Championship side only 43 days . The former England captain arrived Bristol several weeks the season having helped Eddie Jones coach Japan . \" It 's kicked us quite hard this has been planning and waiting Steve to arrive ,\" said Robinson . Borthwick was named forwards coach Jones' new-look England acrimonious circumstances last week , Bristol owner Steve Lansdown describing the Rugby Football Union \" unprofessional \" their handling the appointment . Robinson was forwards coach England 's World Cup-winning era Sir Clive Woodward taking England head coach himself 2004-06 . And , he is unimpressed the manner Borthwick 's exit , he is certain England have made an astute appointment . \" I was delighted to have signed Steve and I certainly hoped he would be here longer 43 days ,\" Robinson told BBC Radio Bristol . \" He is a quality coach and he will be a quality coach England and I wish him all the best . I know the England team will enjoy working him . \" I 'm disappointed the circumstance how it 's happened and why it 's happened but legally I ca n't say too much and we have to move forward . \" Robinson , who has also coached Scotland , says he will not rush appointing a replacement and has urged his forwards to handle the responsibility Borthwick 's departure . \" It 's down the players to step collectively the next four months us to achieve what we want to achieve ,\" he said . \" We have to focus the next couple weeks , tough games coming London Welsh and Nottingham . There is a lot to be done the next few weeks . \"", "Exports fell 2.1 % compared October , German 's Federal Statistical Office reported , imports rose 1.5 % . Meanwhile , factory production fell 0.1 % October energy production fell and construction activity decreased . The latest news follows weak industrial order figures this week . \" Things are certainly not rosy ,\" said Bankhaus Lampe economist Alexander Krueger . \" The geopolitical situation , especially the Russia conflict and the related economic uncertainty , is limiting growth ,\" a seasonally adjusted basis , the country 's trade surplus shrank \u20ac 17.7bn (\u00a3 13.9bn ) November . Germany exported goods worth \u20ac 95.8bn and imported goods valued \u20ac 78.0bn the month . December , Germany 's economic affairs ministry said the country 's recovery was \" progressing a slow pace . \" This is a disappointing batch German data . It pours cold water hopes the Eurozone 's traditional economic powerhouse will drag its neighbours the gloom the near future . The figures do n't necessarily point a renewed contraction the German economy . But they are consistent no significant acceleration the feeble 0.1 % growth Germany recorded the third quarter last year , following a contraction the same magnitude the previous three months . There were also declines French and Spanish industrial production , adding another layer gloom the picture . These figures provide a little extra support the view the European Central Bank will embark soon a major programme quantitative easing - buying financial assets notably government debt newly created money .", "Richard Tyler , 44 , saw the Hawker Hunter jet go up a loop and come again it crashed the A27 22 August . \" This is an award the team they did a marvellous job the day . They 're all volunteers ,\" Mr Tyler said . Eleven men , ranging age 23 76 , were killed . \" We plan these sorts things , we hope it never happens , unfortunately it did , but the plans worked really well ,\" the event first aid services manager Kent and Sussex added . The Red Cross team worked the first ambulance crew the scene , providing first aid the walking wounded . Mr Tyler , Hawley , Dartford Kent , said : \" Unfortunately we could n't help all the people that were there , but the 15 , [ or ] 20 people that walked us we dealt . \" We then fed them the ambulance service transport hospital . \" The jet crashed front a 20,000-strong crowd , and Mr Tyler said they then went to help those need who had witnessed it . Recalling the tragedy , he said : \" I remember thinking ' he 's very low ' , and then a cloud smoke and flame went . \" Strangely , though , I do n't remember any loud noise or explosion . I turned control and said ' you need to put a Code Red now ' . \" that point our major incident plans kicked . A Code Red means there has been a significant incident affecting the event . \" Mr Tyler said he was very proud to have been recognised the New Year 's Honours . \" my 34 years [ the Red Cross ] I 've never expected anything this . \" Mind you I never expected to walk that that day . It 's very much the whole team . \"", "They said this will amount double the number apprentices created each year - currently about 28,000 . All parties are promising to create more apprentices or equivalent schemes to get unemployment . Labour highlighted its pledge to create 100,000 additional apprentices . The Lib Dems said they would fund their promise moving cash Jobs Growth Wales , the Labour Welsh Government 's existing job-creation scheme . Eluned Parrott , the Liberal Democrats' candidate Cardiff Central , said : \" Providing high-quality skills training is vital boosting our economy and helping people to build careers and get life . \" Labour 's own evaluation report said Jobs Growth Wales locked people low wages and 73 % would 've found work it . \" We all know this scheme is a failure , but Labour refuses to face the facts . \" The Welsh Liberal Democrats would instead invest apprenticeships and training , which will actually give young people professional skills and help them get life . \" Labour 's policy , Deputy Skills Minister Julie James said Wales already had \" one the best records Europe \" apprenticeships . \" This pledge is the next step ensuring we have the skills base projects Wylfa Newydd and the South Wales Metro , will demand ,\" she said . \" That is why so many voices industry are so enthusiastic this pledge . \" Plaid Cymru has promised to created 50,000 new apprentices , the Welsh Conservatives say they will lift the current 16-24 age restrictions the Jobs Growth Wales scheme . It helps firms employ 16-24-year-olds six months covering the cost the minimum wage . The Tories aim to replace it a scheme called Journeys Work , open all ages , jobs lasting a year . UKIP say they back industry-supported apprenticeships , more vocational options post-14 education .", "The telecoms giant said an emailed statement it was important to retain access the EU 's free \" movement people , capital and goods \" . It was too early to \" draw any firm conclusions regarding the long-term location the headquarters \" . But Vodafone said it would \" take whatever decisions are appropriate \" . Last week , chief executive Vittorio Colao told the BBC - ahead the referendum vote - Britain risked exclusion plans a giant new single market digital services it left the EU . Vodafone said the email several media organisations EU membership , including the free movement people , had helped drive its growth . The firm employs 13,000 people the UK . It has an operating division Newbury , Berkshire , but the group headquarters are London . Vodafone said 55 % group profits the last financial year came its European operations , the UK providing just 11 % . The company is also to start reporting its financial results euros , rather pounds . Vodafone said the single legal framework spanning all member states , as well freedom movement , capital and goods , were \" integral the operation any pan-European business \" . The company said : \" It remains unclear this point how many those positive attributes will remain place the process the UK 's exit the European Union has been completed ,\" it said . Vodafone said it would strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities Brussels \" to ensure the group 's substantial businesses the European Union continue to be represented appropriately \" . Vodafone is the seventh largest company listed the FTSE 100 , operations 26 countries . It employs 108,000 staff the UK . Other businesses have expressed alarm the vote to leave the EU and the consequences not being part the European single market . Business Secretary Sajid Javid hosted a meeting business representatives Tuesday to discuss the issues . Mr Javid said : \" The biggest issue raised was the need to secure continued access the single market . I am not any position to make promises , I assured everyone my number one priority will be just that the negotiations to come ,\" he told a news conference the meeting . the meeting , the head the CBI employers organisation said the government was \" a long way off \" having a plan . \" There are very high levels real and genuine concern the business community ,\" CBI Director-General Carolyn Fairbairn told reporters .", "Robert McNab was sentenced almost three years jail downloading indecent images children , sharing them and sending offensive messages . The 30-year-old admitted carrying the offences 2007 and 2016 his flat Greenock . He was also given a two-year licence , which means he will be monitored being released prison . Greenock Sheriff Court heard how McNab , who has previous convictions hoarding indecent images children and sexually assaulting a young girl , chatted people Facebook and WhatsApp using a fake name . He talked sexually abusing children and raping a baby . The sex offender , who is also known Robert Aitman , was found to have a stash indecent pictures and videos - including footage babies and children the age 14 being sexually abused . Defence solicitor Gerry Keenan said McNab was the victim repeated sexual abuse when he was a child . \" Clearly there are issues which would require to be addressed the public interest to minimise and reduce the risk further offending ,\" he said . He asked McNab to be spared jail and said he would engage a treatment programme sex offenders . However , Sheriff Derek Hamilton ruled a custodial sentence was required such a \" disturbing \" case and jailed him 35 months He was also placed the Sex Offenders Register life .", "A man lodged a complaint the Police Ombudsman 's Office NI the incident last year . He said he had been wrongfully arrested and his home had been unlawfully searched . The man said his wife was \" hysterical \" finding police the garden . He was taken his house and arrested connection a firearms offence which had happened the previous day , being taken custody a police station . The man was later released when police realised he was not the person they were looking . When a Police Ombudsman investigator examined police files , he found the issue lay an incorrectly recorded date birth a handover information pack provided the officer who organised the search . The officer who compiled the pack had recorded the name and address another man the same name , but had mistakenly added the complainant 's date birth . The officer who co-ordinated the search said she had checked the details the handover pack , but found no-one that name living the address . She then searched a more up-to-date address using the complainant 's name and date birth , which resulted his arrest and home being searched . The officer who recorded the wrong date birth admitted his mistake and \" apologised the complainant and his family the upset and annoyance which resulted \" . It said police \" later tracked the right man , who was subsequently arrested \" . The Police Ombudsman investigator said \" the mistake had unfortunate consequences the man and his family \" . They said they had \" recommended the officer should receive a disciplinary sanction , and that has since been imposed the police \" .", "The French duo , seeded seventh , beat Russian fifth seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 6-3 2-6 6-4 . Garcia and Mladenovic claimed their first Grand Slam title having only teamed this year a target playing the Olympics . They have now won titles Charleston , Stuttgart , Madrid and Paris . Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "Media playback is not supported this device Wales led 13-12 the break but Fourie du Preez 's try five minutes remaining edged it the Springboks . Backs Tyler Morgan and Dan Biggar plus hooker Scott Baldwin joined Wales' list injured players the game . \" We do n't want to make any excuses . South Africa won ... and we were n't good enough to win ,\" said Gatland . \" the end the day South Africa did what South Africa do . They got one chance and they took it and that was the result . \" Wales lost a trio front-line stars centre Jonathan Davies , full-back Leigh Halfpenny and scrum-half Rhys Webb long-term injuries the tournament began . Two more centres - Cory Allen and Scott Williams - were then forced action the opening two pool games Uruguay and England , wing Hallam Amos joining them . Wales then lost the versatile Liam Williams - a full-back or wing - their punishing final pool match Australia . Media playback is not supported this device Fly-half Biggar went the field a knock the head just the scrum which led South Africa 's try . The player remonstrated WRU medical manager Prav Mathema and team doctor Geoff Davies , but Gatland backed the decision . \" That 's a medical call ,\" he said . \" They took him the field a head injury assessment ; it looked he 'd got a bit a knock , he looked unsteady his feet . \" He obviously felt he was OK , but we support our medical team 100 % there 's no issues that the coaching set-up . \" ' We knew it was going to come fine margins ,\" said a \" proud \" skipper Sam Warburton , who lamented what he felt was a premature end the campaign . \" It 's a quiet changing room - it 's hard to find the words , it 's all so raw ,\" he said . \" It feels premature two weeks the competition left . We 've been together June and all those gruelling camps \u2026 it 's over , done and dusted . \" Warburton praised the players who had come to replace the casualties , saying : \" The guys who 've stepped have done a fantastic job . This could be the last World Cup many us , but we go no regrets . \" Warburton was sent Wales' 9-8 World Cup semi-final defeat France 2011 , and this latest disappointment said : \" Hopefully I will be around when one these tight ones goes our way . \"", "The airport is competition Heathrow to win approval an additional runway . One the guarantees is compensation people living close the airport . Gatwick 's chairman Sir Roy McNulty said : \" These guarantees would mean Gatwick takes the main risks building the new runway . \" The Airports Commission is currently considering three options expanding airport provision south-east England and is due to publish its findings the summer . These options are a third runway Heathrow , lengthening an existing runway Heathrow or a second runway Gatwick . Gatwick has \" guaranteed \" the project would be privately funded no need public subsidy , airport charges would be capped and it would bear the main risks the expansion plan . It has also promised to compensate residents \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 council tax bills they are affected significant level aircraft noise , and said it would ensure air quality targets always were always met .", "Pedro , 25 , had been training the Cumbrians and impressed reserve games Barrow and Burnley . The Angola-born wide-man has spent much his career the Dutch league teams such Feyenoord and Heracles , plus stints Bulgaria and Romania . \" We 've seen enough to know he adds something different the group ,\" said head recruitment Lee Dykes . He told the club website : \" This is a chance him to show everyone what he can do . \" Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "The 37-year-old spent two seasons Gresty Road 2006 and 2008 . The former Shrewsbury , Sheffield Wednesday and Tranmere Rovers forward , scored 11 goals Bury last season they won promotion League Two . Lowe , who has not featured the Shakers 29 August , goes straight the Alex squad Tuesday 's trip Colchester . Crewe remain bottom the table following their 5-1 thrashing home Peterborough", "Eleanor Hawkins , 23 , Derbyshire , was a group 10 people who stripped taking photographs the peak Mount Kinabalu 30 May . She admitted public indecency three other western tourists , one Dutch and two Canadians , and was imprisoned three days . All four have now left the island . Noor Alam Khan Abdul Wahid Khan , the immigration department director the Malaysian state Sabah , told the BBC Hawkins left Kota Kinabalu Kuala Lumpur 17:35 local time ( 10:35 BST ) Malaysia Airlines . The other three , Dutch national Dylan Snel , 23 , and Canadian siblings Lindsey , 23 , and Danielle Peterson , 22 , left earlier Saturday Kuala Lumpur . Hawkins , whose sentence was back-dated to reflect time already served , was also fined 5,000 Malaysian ringgit ( \u00c2 \u00a3 860 /$ 1,330 ) Friday . She and her co-accused all admitted a charge \" committing an obscene act public \" . Hawkins , who is the Derbyshire village Draycott , said she had been \" stupid and disrespectful \" . Prosecutors said the four tourists , six others , climbed the peak to enjoy the sunrise 30 May and then challenged each other to take their clothes and pose photographs . The move caused widespread offence the region and was regarded the cause a magnitude 5.9 earthquake the mountain , which is considered sacred . The earthquake , 5 June , killed 18 people , including children , and left hundreds more stranded . Sabah state deputy chief minister Joseph Pairin Kitingan blamed it the travellers showing \" disrespect the sacred mountain \" .", "Thieves stole a 5m ( 16ft 4in ) flagpole - complete Union Jack - some point the weekend . Earlier this month , items intended an open day , including two generators , food and drink were stolen . Last year , a memorial the thousands crewmen who served Bomber Command World War Two was damaged trespassers . Director the centre Nicky Barr said it was \" extremely frustrating \" . She said : \" I had great faith the human race , but it has been somewhat diminished - I do n't understand why someone would want to target a memorial . \" More this and other stories Lincolnshire The Lincoln attraction is to honour the air crews' efforts exhibitions , information and accounts service personnel and survivors . The centre - set to open September - still needs \u00c2 \u00a3 2m donations and events are being held to raise the cash . 125,000 Aircrew served Bomber Command World War Two 364,514 operational sorties flown 55,573 aircrew killed action 25,611 killed flying Lincolnshire 70 % aircrew were killed , taken prisoner or injured Mrs Barr said fundraising efforts were being hampered the break-ins . She said : \" it was done high jinks , or there is a market second-hand flag poles , I just do n't know . \" The reality is the sacrifices made these guys [ Bomber Command crews ] allows the freedom whoever is doing this has got today . \" Officials have launched a petition a bid to get further funding the government to complete the project .", "The news had been expected the Cobblers' new owner Kelvin Thomas paid HM Revenue & Customs unpaid tax it was due when he bought the club last week . \" This is a very positive step we move forward ,\" said Thomas . \" We can now focus our review the club and developing the future plans . \" Friday , the Cobblers' administration petition brought Northampton Borough Council was adjourned 11 December a deal to be made Thomas and the council . Thomas purchased the club David Cardoza Thursday and became executive chairman the Cobblers . Thomas and the council have a memorandum understanding place a \u00a3 10.25m loan the club redevelopment work Sixfields Stadium , which would would see the debt wiped , the council acquiring land Sixfields development return . the uncertainty the pitch , the Cobblers are currently the League Two automatic promotion places .", "Wednesday , shares Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film were suspended falling 47 % , wiping $ 18.6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 11.9bn ) its market capitalisation . That was followed shares Goldin Financial , which fell 55 % Thursday . Both firms had seen the price their shares surge the past year . Shares Goldin Financial , which is 70 %- owned Hong Kong billionaire Pan Sutong , have jumped more 400 % September 2014 and March this year , according Reuters . The firm had said it was not aware the reason the big jump its share price . half Goldin 's value - $ 16.12bn - was erased Thursday shares fell . Meanwhile , Hanergy shares had risen five-fold September the sell-off began . The firm , controlled Chinese billionaire Li Hejun , had issued a statement the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday saying its shares had been halted trade \" pending the release an announcement containing inside information \" . Li has been considered one China 's richest men the back his stake Hanergy . Nicholas Teo , market analyst trading firm CMC markets said he had noticed the dramatic drop Hanergy 's shares right away it had everyone \" scratching their heads \" . \" The company was very quick to call a halt the trading , but any news , there is plenty speculation and potentially room further reaction the downside the trading suspension is lifted ,\" he said . \" Even the drop though , Hanergy 's shares are basically twice as expensive some the firms that sector . \" David Kuo , chief executive The Motley Fool Singapore backed the view Hanergy shares were overvalued . \" Hanergy is involved the much-hyped solar-panel industry . Investors are paying $ 50 every dollar profit the company makes ,\" he said . \" When expectation overtakes reality , reality eventually wins . The market is experiencing a dose reality . \" There has been speculation the reason why the Chinese company halted trading , Reuters citing an unnamed source saying the firm is investigation Hong Kong regulators . Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) has declined to make a comment . Local reports also said Li , chairman the firm , did not attend the firm 's annual general meeting Hong Kong Wednesday .", "The images appeared to show the pair foot a safari June the Gir National Park western Gujarat state . Officials the park said they imposed a preliminary fine \" the cricketer flouted the rules \" . Visitors the park are not allowed to leave their vehicles . Jadeja 's photos were posted days Gujarat forestry officials warned the dangers involved taking selfies lions , following a number attacks . Wildlife officers say they will submit a final inquiry report their superiors soon . A.P Singh , chief forest conservator Gujarat state , told AFP they \" had instituted a probe and called Jadeja a statement ... but he was not available , his father-in-law Hardevsinh Solanki gave a written statement his behalf \" and paid the fine him . Jadeja , 27 , was part India 's team the recent World T20 tournament . A photo posted Jadeja 's Instagram account showed the cricketer pointing a pride lions him , the caption , \" Family photo , having good time Sasan ( Gir ) # rajputboy # wearelions \" . A second photo posted the cricketer 's account showed him and his wife , Reeva , a lion looking the background . The national park Gir is the only place where Asiatic lions remain the wild . The animals , which are slightly smaller African lions , were listed endangered 2008 .", "Richard Walsh , 43 , was accused attacking the two schoolboys , aged 12 and 13 , Havant , last month . He had been custody Belmarsh Prison south-east London . Prison staff found Mr Walsh unresponsive his cell Sunday morning and , efforts to revive him , he was pronounced dead . A Prison Service spokeswoman said : \" HMP Belmarsh prisoner Richard Walsh was found unresponsive his cell Sunday 19 July . Staff attempted CPR but paramedics pronounced him dead 11.07am . \" all deaths custody there will be an investigation the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman . \" Mr Walsh , who was also charged assault and robbery relating the taking a bicycle , had been due to appear Portsmouth Crown Court Monday .", "The advocacy group Glaad analysed shows seen or to be shown June 2016 and May 2017 and counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters . The number transgender characters has risen seven 16 this year . But Glaad bemoaned the fact more 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed . They include the characters Poussey Washington and Bea Smith , who met violent ends Orange is the New Black and Wentworth respectively . The report also found a record high percentage black characters broadcast television , thanks mostly shows Empire , Luke Cage and How to Get Away Murder . Glaad 's Where We Are TV study based its findings scripted broadcast , cable and streaming series already being shown or which casting had been confirmed . Glaad 's president Sarah Kate Ellis said it was \" heartening to see progress being made \" but said numbers were \" only part the story \" . Follow us Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , Instagram bbcnewsents , or you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The election was called mayor Lutfur Rahman was convicted electoral fraud and removed office April . He has been banned standing again . The Met Police said it was investigating 16 allegations electoral malpractice relation this election , including harvesting votes and the improper distribution election literature . The full list Tower Hamlets mayoral candidates is :", "Chase signed Tigers the end the season Saturday , having left Championship side Leigh May . The 30-year-old played Tigers 2009 and 2013 , leaving to join Salford Red Devils . \" I 'm not match fit I 've had some time off , but mentally I 'm the best shape I 've ever been ,\" he said . \" Physically I 've got a bit work to do but you can get anything you 're mentally right . There 's some hard work to do , I 'm aware that , but I 'm looking forward it . \" Chase also praised the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) the support they offer players who are struggling mental health-related issues . \" It 's massive and it 's a credit the RFL they touch it a lot the boys struggle it ,\" Chase said . \" People should be aware it a lot us boys have to go a lot things and we put this bravado that we 're OK . It 's not something that people like talking openly you feel weak and vulnerable . \" But really we go home and we feel alone . It 's good to get the message there it does happen our game , a lot people do suffer depression . \" When you are that dark place , you feel weak and vulnerable , you just have a lot down days and it 's not nice . But when you come it , it 's an unbelievable feeling . You feel strong . \"", "GB 's 2008 men 's 4x400m relay team moved fourth third Russia 's Denis Alekseyev failed a drugs test when his sample was retested . It had been suggested the medal ceremony could take place the World Championships London August . But next month 's Anniversary Games also take place London 's Olympic Stadium . A decision is yet to be made when Rooney and team-mates Andrew Steele , Robert Tobin and Michael Bingham will receive their medals . Rooney , 30 , told BBC Radio 5 live : \" I do n't want to be distracted . I need to go the World Championships and focus that , we could get it done the Diamond League , I 'd love that . \" There 's no way getting back Beijing and doing it that way , but we can go an Olympic stadium and be front a British crowd , that would be amazing . \" But whatever happens , whenever it happens , I just ca n't wait to get that podium . \" The International Olympic Committee has reallocated medals Beijing Alekseyev and compatriots Anastasiya Kapachinskaya and Inga Abitova tested positive banned substance Turinabol . Britain 's women 's 4x400m relay team have also moved the bronze medal position . Christine Ohuruogu , Kelly Sotherton , Marilyn Okoro and Nicola Sanders finished the race fifth but have moved third a result both third-placed Russia and fourth-placed Belarus being disqualified subsequent failed tests . The men 's Beijing medals are the possession the British Olympic Association and British Athletics but an announcement is still to be made where they will be awarded . They could be presented next month 's Diamond League Anniversary Games , or the World Championships London August . But , the World Championships is an IAAF event , the IOC would have to give permission any presentation to take place Olympic medals fall their jurisdiction . British Athletics does not have possession medals the women 's 4x400m team yet legal proceedings are ongoing regarding athletes their race . Britons Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill , Jo Pavey , Sotherton and Goldie Sayers are those waiting to receive Olympic and World Championship medals they were denied drugs cheats . Sayers has told the Guardian she would be \" gutted \" she did not receive her medal the World Championships this summer .", "People a DNA variation a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups coffee , a study carried the University Edinburgh has found . It suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break caffeine . This causes it to stay the body longer and means those the gene get the same caffeine hit less coffee . One scientist working the project said it suggests the \" drive to drink coffee may be embedded our genes \" . The researchers studied the DNA 370 people living a small village southern Italy and 843 people six villages north-east Italy . The subjects were asked to complete a survey including a question how many cups coffee they drank each day . The team found people the PDSS2 DNA variation tended to consume fewer cups coffee people the variation - equivalent one fewer cup daily average . Researchers replicated the study a group 1,731 people the Netherlands . The result was similar but the effect the gene the number cups coffee consumed was slightly lower . The scientists said the change could be down the different styles coffee drunk the two countries . Italy , people tend to drink smaller cups such espresso the Netherlands the preference is larger cups which contain more caffeine overall . Dr Nicola Pirastu , a Chancellor 's Fellow the University Edinburgh , said : \" The results our study add existing research suggesting our drive to drink coffee may be embedded our genes . \" We need to do larger studies to confirm the discovery and also to clarify the biological link PDSS2 and coffee consumption . \" The study is published the journal Scientific Reports and was conducted the universities Edinburgh and Trieste , the Burlo Garofolo Pediatric Institute Italy , the Erasmus Medical Centre and PolyOmica , a data analysis company based Groningen , the Netherlands .", "Its parliament approved the sending a formal invitation , which he has to accept ascending the throne . The deeply revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej died 13 October , plunging Thailand mourning . The prince was widely expected to succeed his father , but officials had earlier said he wanted to postpone it least a year . The official reason given was he wanted to give the Thai people time to mourn his father he became king . Correspondents say Thailand was left an odd constitutional limbo the prince , the undisputed heir , should have succeeded his father immediately . the past doubts have been expressed senior officials how the crown prince can perform the role played his father 70 years . The monarchy occupies a pivotal place Thailand 's political order . King Bhumibol Adulyadej had been seen a unifying figure periods political unrest , including the most recent military coup 2014 . The leader Thailand 's parliament , the National Legislative Assembly , is expected to meet the crown prince the next few days to formally invite him . the crown prince accepts , his succession would then be announced the public . But it is still not clear when that will happen . Former Prime Minister Prem Tinsulanonda is currently standing regent . Thailand has rarely had what might be called routine royal successions . The last was 70 years ago , when the young King Ananda was found shot dead his bedroom still unexplained circumstances . When he died , an emergency session parliament that night named his grief-stricken brother Bhumibol king . private speculation the prospects his popular sister Princess Sirindhorn , Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has been the undisputed heir the throne his formal investiture 1972 . Thai succession law follows the principle primogeniture , where the throne should pass the eldest son the reigning king , but it also gives the king the discretion to name his own choice . King Bhumibol never wavered his endorsement the crown prince . But the crown prince 's unexpected decision to delay taking the throne has made this yet another succession which has departed the script . His real reasons are not known ; public mourning his father would not have been affected had he been anointed immediately his father 's death .", "The East Antrim MP had been considering putting his name forward Nigel Dodds ruled himself . Finance Minister Arlene Foster is the only person so far to declare an interest and has the backing a majority the party 's most senior elected representatives . Nominations to become the next leader the DUP close later Wednesday . Peter Robinson announced November he was standing party leader . Tuesday , Mrs Foster said she was \" very humbled \" the support she has received party colleagues . Mr Wilson thought long and hard his decision and spoke others , party colleagues Mrs Foster and Mr Dodds . the end he felt it would be the best interests the party he did not put his name forward . He felt he wanted to make sure there was a smooth transition and that means almost certainly now Arlene Foster will be the new DUP leader and the new first minister Stormont . She said she looked forward leading the DUP , that was the party 's wish . Mrs Foster said she had hoped to work Mr Dodds a team . \" We will still hopefully work together a team and that is certainly my wish the future ,\" she said . a tweet Monday night , Mr Robinson said he had \" received a valid nomination \" Mrs Foster the post DUP leader . \" Arlene 's nomination was submitted the support 75 % those entitled to vote the electoral college ,\" he added .", "Thames Valley Police made the discovery being called the property Iffley Road 14:58 BST . They are treating the death \" unexplained \" . The force said Iffley Road would be closed drivers and pedestrians a \" number hours \" The Plain and Circus Street . Officers are appealing information the public .", "China Nuclear Industry Huaxing Construction was fined $ 3m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.9m ) , the US Department Justice said . The US has restricted nuclear-related exports Pakistan the country 's detonation a nuclear device 1998 . It marks the first time a Chinese company has admitted guilt a US criminal export case . Nanjing-based Huaxing admitted charges it conspired to ship the epoxy coating China Pakistan 's Chashma II Nuclear Power Plant 2006 and 2007 . Huaxing was building the site part a nuclear cooperation pact signed Pakistan and China . A Chinese subsidiary the company that made the coating , PPG Industries , pleaded guilty the same investigation 2010 .", "We already know Bridesmaids director Paul Feig is rebooting the franchise , Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy leading a female-fronted cast . But the director the original movie has suggested it will only be the start a whole new franchise . Ivan Reitman has told Deadline.com he wants to \" expand the Ghostbusters universe \" . According him , that will include \" different films , TV shows , merchandise ... all things that are part modern filmed entertainment \" . Nothing is confirmed but Channing Tatum is one the names rumoured to be a role . Paul Feig 's Ghostbusters reboot is due 2016 Saturday Night Live 's Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon joining Wiig and McCarthy . Now , Sony Pictures , Reitman and original star Dan Aykroyd , are thought to be setting a Ghost Corps production company which would oversee the output . Reitman suggests the Russo Brothers , who directed Captain America : The Winter Soldier , would direct what would then be a fourth Ghostbusters film . The writer would be Drew Pearce , who wrote Iron Man 3 and Mission Impossible 5 . Quoted film website Deadline , Reitman said : \" Paul Feig 's film will be the first version that . He 's got four the funniest women the world , and there will be other surprises to come . \" Drew ( Pearce ) will start writing and the hope is to be ready the Russo Brothers' next window next summer to shoot , the movie coming the following year . It 's just the beginning what I hope will be a lot wonderful movies . \" Ghostbusters does go that route , then it would be similar the way Marvel has set a whole schedule interconnecting films . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter , BBCNewsbeat Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Network Rail is doing work the Chipping Sodbury and Alderton tunnels and building a new platform Bristol Parkway . The improvements will run Saturday 15 September . They will allow new trains to run the Great Western Rail mainline , including new intercity express trains . the duration the works , those travelling south Wales and London should note : those travelling and south Wales the August Bank Holiday weekend 26 August 28 August : the weekends 23-24 September 18-19 November , there will be further improvement work affecting south Wales and Bristol Parkway services . Passengers are advised to check their journeys .", "Police say 540,000 people rallied Barcelona , the capital the region north-east Spain , the rest gathered four other Catalan towns . But numbers were down sharply compared last year 's event , when 1.4 million rallied Barcelona alone . Spain has consistently blocked attempts to hold a referendum secession . Catalan regional president Carles Puigdemont had urged support \" converting Catalonia an independent state \" . Divisions have also emerged the separatist movement 's main political grouping the Catalan parliament , the Together Yes coalition , and its radical leftwing ally , the CUP . Mr Puigdemont , who took power January , faces a confidence vote 28 September . He advocates a negotiated withdrawal Spain . When Catalan nationalists held an unofficial referendum independence November 2014 , 80 % those who voted backed independence . Sunday is the \" Diada \" , Catalonia 's national day . It commemorates the moment 1714 when Barcelona fell troops loyal Spain 's King Philip V the War the Spanish Succession . \" We have to move the final outcome ,\" 58-year-old office clerk Xavier Borras , who planned to attend the rally Barcelona a friend , told AFP news agency . \" We ca n't wait any longer . \" Spain 's leading parties , deadlocked their efforts to form a new government two inconclusive general elections December , have shown little sympathy Catalan grievances . The region 7.5 million people makes 16 % Spain 's population and accounts almost 19 % national GDP .", "The prince visited the Mants'ase Children 's Home Maseru , Lesotho . \" Festive cheer ! it being 32 degrees , someone gave Christmas hats and inevitably one found its way my head ,\" he wrote . \" All the children , orphaned one reason or another , absolutely loved the hats and balloons . \" Prince Harry was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work disadvantaged children , many whom have Aids or have become orphans the disease . He was also photographed participating the building Mamohato Children 's Centre . This will give emotional and psychological support young people affected HIV and Aids . The prince visited a Mamohato Network Club Maseru and said : \" These are children who have never had the chance to talk their illness , and who had no idea they were one so many their age group . \" It was really emotional watching them interact each other . Some really outgoing chatty kids , others slightly overwhelmed , but all huge smiles . \" This confirmed me again what we 're doing is going to change thousands children 's lives , and hopefully save a generation . \" Prince Harry also revealed his own love photography and shared some images that he had taken . \" I have always enjoyed photography and the challenges that come trying to capture the perfect shot , privately I do n't take many photos ,\" he said . \" The best photos I have are my head - I have some very special memories , mostly Africa . \" But this visit , I had the time and opportunity to be the other side the camera and take some photos the stunning country Lesotho my charity , Sentebale . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Operators such Uber and GrabTaxi will now have to register the country 's Land Transport Authority . the regulations , fees charged the booking apps cannot exceed those regular taxi companies . The new measures will be enforced the second quarter next year , the government office said Friday . \" To ensure taxi services remain equally accessible all members the public , bidding and pre-trip tipping taxi services will not be allowed ,\" the LTA added a statement . Wealthy city-state Singapore is the most expensive places the world to own a car , many commuters relying taxis to get around . The popularity taxi booking services has surged the city nearly 5.4 million people , especially peak business hours . Uber has expanded rapidly Singapore offering services such high-end UberExec and cheaper UberX cars , a service to book regular taxis . The company said the new rules would not affect its extra services , it already has partnerships licensed limousine and rental car companies . \" We appreciate the LTA has acknowledged the benefits our technology brings , and Uber , is putting the interest and safety consumers and drivers first ,\" said Uber 's regional general manager Southeast Asia , Mike Brown , a statement Reuters . The San Francisco-based company has faced protests the world taxi drivers who are its services , which allow people to become unlicensed taxi drivers using their own cars .", "27 December 2016 Last updated 09:00 GMT German Shepherd Finn was injured early one October morning protecting his handler a suspected armed robber . The seven-year-old fought survival , helped every step the way his handler PC Dave Wardell . BBC News looks back how his recovery captured the hearts thousands and inspired a petition calling the government to re-think the laws surrounding injured police support animals .", "Fire crews were called a property Robertson Road just 07:30 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said crews had used breathing apparatus they tackled the fire . Senior officer Moray and Aberdeenshire , David Rout , said : \" Our thoughts are the family . We will now investigate the cause . \"", "Police said the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - were racially motivated . The victims were black . Protesters have been gathered 25-year-old Jamar Clark was shot a struggle police 15 November . People who claimed to witness the incident said Clark was handcuffed , police dispute this . two dozen tents and canopy shelters have been erected the 4th Precinct police station . Demonstrators have also barricaded the roads wood and pallets and lit campfires . According criminal complaints , the four men went the camp 23 November . a group protesters attempted to escort them away , eight shots were heard . The city 's mayor , Betsy Hodges , said the camp has become unsafe and has asked people to disband their week-long protest . These request have been rejected protesters , who have vowed to continue camping cold weather and attacks . One the shooting victims , Wesley Martin , said they refuse to leave . \" They can have the street . We can take the sidewalk ,\" said Martin . \" To be honest , we 're not going nowhere . \"", "Speaking the BBC , Thomas Thabane said he would return South Africa , which surrounds Lesotho , \" as soon I know I am not going to get killed \" . Reports say the capital , Maseru , is now calm soldiers seized buildings . The army denied staging a coup . Lesotho has seen a series military coups independence 1966 . Mr Thabane has headed a unity government elections May 2012 , but suspended parliament sessions June feuding his coalition . He denied accusations his actions had undermined his government . Mr Thabane said the army had rendered the government \" dysfunctional \" , an action that amounted a coup . \" I have been removed control not the people but the armed forces , and that is illegal ,\" he told the BBC 's Newshour programme . \" I came South Africa this morning and I will return as soon my life is not danger . I will not go back Lesotho to get killed . \" South Africa 's government described the situation \" worrying \" , spokesman Clayson Monyela saying the country would not tolerate \" unconstitutional change government \" . the scene : Basildon Peta , Maseru , Lesotho This whole thing started 03:00 . There were gunshots early morning . The city is currently calm . People are playing it safe their homes , but there is basically a media blackout . all intents and purposes it is a military coup the aim ousting the prime minister . There can be no other reason soldiers behaving the way they have been behaving other to seize power . So far we have no reports killings . It would be correct to call it a bloodless coup attempt . But I am not going to stick around . The chances are the situation may deteriorate . One does not know what is going to happen . Basildon Peta is the publisher the Lesotho Times The army is understood to have acted the prime minister attempted to remove its chief , Lt Gen Kennedy Tlai Kamoli . The army said the general was still charge , saying the military \" supports the democratically elected government the day ,\" Reuters news agency reported . A spokesman , Maj Ntlele Ntoi , denied staging a coup , saying : \" There is nothing that , the situation has returned normalcy ... the military has returned their barracks . \" Earlier , troops were seen the streets Maseru and there were reports gunfire . Radio stations were taken air and phone lines were cut , later reports suggested they were working again . Sports Minister Thesele Maseribane told the AFP news agency troops had surrounded State House , a key government building .", "The incident Neil McEvoy 's office took place Thursday morning . The AM said no valuables were taken but files had been \" gone \" . He said metal bars had been cut to access the property Cowbridge Road East . South Wales Police said an investigation had been launched . \" a long period , there has been a concerted campaign political harassment me ,\" the South Wales Central AM claimed . He said less 12 months ago his home had been \" ransacked \" , paperwork taken . Mr McEvoy said the early hours Thursday \" the criminals involved went two outside doors , a lane , removed a screwed hard wood cover the back window , cut a PVC window frame and cut metal bars to get the window \" . \" Once again , valuables were ignored the office , but drawers were broken and files gone the back office which was n't alarmed . \" Thankfully , they could n't gain access the main part the office tripping the alarm . \" \" I put place new safety procedures staff the end last term , I am aware serious cages being rattled ,\" he said . \" Some people would like to silence us , but this intimidation has just added our motivation . \" A South Wales Police spokesman said the break-in was reported 09:00 GMT Thursday . He said investigations were ongoing and no arrests had been made . A Plaid Cymru spokeswoman said : \" Neil McEvoy has now been the subject two break-ins , one home and one his office . \" Plaid Cymru is supporting him and his staff this time and is keen the police establish these intrusions are linked . \" All elected representatives and their staff deserve to operate a democratic way fear harassment or intimidation . \" The National Assembly is working Neil and his staff to ensure their safety and security , and we strongly urge this continues. \" \u00e2 \u20ac \u017d", "The 50m ( 150ft ) pylons would run Carlisle Heysham , Lancashire , to connect a new \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn nuclear power plant Moorside , Sellafield , the grid . Power Pylons and Friends the Lake District say the National Grid is \" ignoring \" demands the cables to go underground \" sensitive landscapes \" . The National Grid said it \" fully recognises the importance \" the area . The campaign walk is taking place Black Combe where the pylons will be visible , down the National Park 's costal boundary and the mouth Duddon . Graham Pitts , chairman Power Without Pylons , said : \" This is a very serious decision . These pylons are going to be up the rest this century . \" I do n't think people appreciate two things - one , how stunning the view is here , and two , how much these pylons are going to affect it their sheer size . \" The Lake District is being put forward the UK 's next nomination World Heritage status . A National Grid spokesman said : \" We have not yet made a final decision how and where the new connection will be built . \" When building connections generators , we strive to avoid designated landscapes . Where this is not possible , we work closely stakeholders and communities and carry consultations to develop a proposal which achieves the best possible balance protecting the environment and ensuring everyone has an affordable electricity supply . \" A formal consultation is expected to take place later the year , the final plans submitted the planning inspectorate 2017 .", "National Guard troops are now pulling the city . The curfew was put place Tuesday , protests Freddie Gray 's death turned violent . Six police officers are facing criminal charges the death , which has been ruled a homicide . They deny wrongdoing . Gray was arrested 12 April , and died a week later injuries sustained the back a police van . the curfew , residents were ordered to stay home 22:00 05:00 , and officials had been expected to keep it place another day . But Sunday morning , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she did not want to maintain it any longer was necessary . \" My goal has always been to not have the curfew place a single day longer was necessary ,\" the mayor wrote her Twitter account . \" I believe we have reached that point today . \" Protests Baltimore have continued looting and arson erupted Monday night - which prompted the deployment the National Guard . However the demonstrations have been largely peaceful then . Maryland Governor Larry Hogan said the state emergency the city would not be lifted the last soldier had left . Correspondents say the charges the officers - ranging manslaughter second-degree murder - have eased tensions . The charges were announced Friday the city 's top prosecutor Marilyn Mosby . But a lawyer the six officers insisted they had done \" nothing wrong \" . Police have admitted Gray , 25 , was not secured the van a seatbelt and his requests medical attention being transported were denied . Gray 's death is the latest a series killings black men the hands police the US which have sparked rioting and national debate . What we know Gray 's death Is Baltimore starting to heal ?", "Quinn , 30 , is available Sunday 's Scottish League Cup semi-final Celtic . He was the bench the Dons' third-round defeat Hibernian but did not feature . Following spells Motherwell , Cardiff City and Doncaster Rovers , Quinn spent a season County joining Aberdeen last summer . He has made more 360 senior appearances and was capped Scotland 's Under-21 side earlier his career . all the latest transfers check our transfer deals page .", "Petersen was still there the close 105 , captain Steven Croft 34 , the Division One leaders ground 298-3 96 overs the day . Teenager Haseeb Hameed fell 11 short a second successive Championship ton 89 , Luke Procter made 45 . But the unbroken century stand Petersen and Croft put Lancs top . Having so far put exactly 100 , they will resume Monday a third batting bonus point looking a formality - and 14 overs to get a fourth . But , they maintain their current pace scoring , the Division One leaders will not reach 400 the time the all-important 110-over mark is reached . Hameed followed his maiden first-class hundred Warwickshire Old Trafford last week taking almost five hours his 89 . But it was surpassed the 41st hundred 35-year-old South African Test player Petersen 's first-class career . Lancashire cricket director and head coach Ashley Giles told BBC Radio Manchester : \" We were n't quite sure what to do when we first turned this morning . The pitch had a green tinge it but the end we decided to toss and to opt to bat . \" We knew pitches Lord 's have been good recent times we went that , and it worked well us . \" Both Alviro Petersen and Haseeb Hameed batted extremely well . We are very lucky to have a number youngsters who have come the team and are performing well but we also need our senior players to pull their weight and Alviro did that . \" We did not expect to be leading the First Division this stage , but there is a long way to go . \"", "The emails confirmed the Trump camp 's interest receiving help the Russian government to discredit opponent Hillary Clinton the presidential campaign last year . The Dow Jones was unchanged 21,409.07 and the S & P 500 edged down 0.08 % 2,425.53 . The Nasdaq rose 0.3 % 6,193.3 . Wall Street has generally climbed this year , spite some shaky moments stemming unease the fate the Trump administration and prospects its business-friendly agenda . Markets also sank May a furore US President Donald Trump 's firing former FBI Director James Comey , who had been investigating ties the campaign and Russia . That investigation is ongoing . Tuesday , a rise oil prices helped lift energy stocks , such Exxon Mobil , which climbed 0.6 % . But bank stocks lost ground ahead the release quarterly earnings this week and a day the US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unveiled a rule making it easier customers to file collective lawsuits . introduced a The rule forbids companies requiring people use an individual , out-of-court process to resolve disputes part the contract their credit card and bank accounts . Bank America and Citigroup shares fell 1.2 % Tuesday , Wells Fargo dropped 1 % . The rule may be short-lived it comes a push the White House and Republicans Congress to make the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau less powerful . Senator Tom Cotton , a Republican who represents Arkansas , said Tuesday he would file legislation to undo the rule .", "But there are plenty other options to choose , including Olympic gold medals , world records and election Parliament . 1979 - Three world records 41 days a young middle distance runner , Sebastian Coe claimed a number UK records and had already begun to show considerable talents an athlete 1979 . But the year marked an important milestone when - aged just 22 - he broke the 800m , one mile and 1,500m world records the space just 41 days . He was the first person to hold all three records the same time . He also won Sports Personality the Year . 1980 - First Olympic medals Coe will always be remembered his Olympic success . 1980 , intense rivalry fellow British runner Steve Ovett , he won gold the 1,500m Moscow . He took silver his preferred race - the 800m - finishing second Ovett . 1984 - Second Olympic Gold spending months fighting illness , Coe returned the Olympic track Los Angeles four years later and became the first man to win successive 1,500m golds , beating fellow Briton Steve Cram second ( Ovett failed to finish the race ) . Coe was beaten second again the 800m Joaquim Cruz . 1992 - Enters Parliament retiring athletics 1990 , Coe pursued a career politics and was chosen to fight the Falmouth and Camborne constituency the Conservatives the 1992 election . Coe beat the Liberal Democrat candidate more 3,000 votes and took his place Parliament . He lost the seat 1997 when Tony Blair 's Labour Party swept power . He briefly returned politics chief staff William Hague , when he was Leader the Opposition . 2005 - Helps secure Olympics London London lagging third place Paris and Madrid early stages , the UK capital secured the games Coe 's leadership . Sports commentators said a speech he made , shortly the vote , helped turn the race London 's favour . \" This is almost entirely a different planet winning the gold medals ,\" Coe said the time . He went on to become Chairman the London Organising Committee the Olympic and Paralympic Games and is said to have been a key player organising the Queen 's appearance the James Bond scene the Games' opening ceremony . 2015 - Elected president the IAAF one the most impressive CVs athletics history , Lord Coe suggested his election IAAF chief topped all his achievements . He beat Sergey Bubka , a former Olympic pole vault champion , 115 votes 92 . His first test , and perhaps his biggest yet , will be to deal the fallout doping allegations .", "Kamdjo , 25 , played only five games Forest Green last season , but made 33 appearances loan Boreham Wood . He started his career Reading , and had spells Barnet and Salisbury joining Rovers 2014 . York were relegated League Two last season winning only seven league games .", "More 130 owners have reported overheating problems the glove-box area , some which have resulted fires . Vauxhall is investigating the problem , but has not yet issued a full recall . The affected model is the Zafira B. It is thought 280,000 them are currently the road the UK . The alarm was raised three different women , who say their cars burst flames . them was Sue Freemantle , Devon , who had four children her Zafira when a fire began the dashboard . Claire Wheatley also Devon , had to evacuate her car her husband when a similar incident occurred . They and others have posted pictures the fires Facebook . Vauxhall has already examined 20 such cars which have been burned , and has summoned engineers Germany to investigate . a statement , it said it thought the heating and ventilation system was to blame . It said previous repairs may have been carried improperly , or some cases , non-genuine parts may have caused the fires . The affected models have manual air-conditioning , pictured above . Owners who have electronic climate control have not reported any problems . The cars , all right-hand drive , were built 2005 and 2014 . Anyone who has concerns their vehicle is being asked to contact their dealer .", "LudoSport has opened its first academy teaching seven forms combat the Star Wars world using flexible blades mounted weighted hilts . The sport began eight years ago Italy but has only just come England the first classes Cheltenham . Instructor Jordan Court said people were already \" hooked \" . The classes Cheltenham began last month . So far there are six pupils , but this number is expected to increase . Mr Court attended an international boot camp to learn the different stages the sport which range characteristics defensive stage one \" aggressive and flamboyant \" stage four and \" unpredictable \" stage seven . The 34-year-old said fighting \" an elegant weapon a more civilized age \" was a childhood dream come true . \" My brother and I used to steal our Mum 's bamboo garden canes to fight ,\" he said . The lightsabers used the sport are all hand-made and are provided use the classes , Mr Court said . The sport is so new England there have only been a handful classes so far but Mr Court said there were plans to begin teaching Bristol the end October ... \" the Force \" was the academy . Lightsaber Combat Academy There are several ranks those wishing to become a fully-fledged Jedi Knight :", "The 68-year-old Bournemouth died when his Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke the A31 Corfe Mullen . The road , the Coventry Arms pub , was closed more five hours the crash happened 13:20 BST . The driver the Nissan , a 49-year-old woman Waterlooville , was seriously injured and airlifted Southampton General Hospital but police said her condition was not life-threatening . Three men who were travelling the Nissan sustained serious but not life-threatening injuries and were taken Poole Hospital . Sgt Mark Scammell said : \" I would like to thank motorists their patience the road closures which are necessary to allow emergency services to deal the incident . \"", "The approval depends Shell getting a nod other US regulators , the Bureau Ocean Energy Management said . Shell stopped Arctic exploration more two years ago problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures . Environmental campaigners oppose the move . Shell has spent about $ 6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.85bn ) exploration the Arctic - a region estimated to have 20 % the world 's undiscovered oil and gas . The Anglo-Dutch company wants to drill six wells water 40 metres deep , using two vessels that can serve backups the event an emergency . \" We have taken a thoughtful approach carefully considering potential exploration the Chukchi Sea ,\" said Abigail Ross Harper , director the Bureau Ocean Energy Management , a statement . This conditional approval means Shell must obtain permits the federal government and the state Alaska to begin drilling this summer . Susan Murray , an official Oceana , a group Arctic drilling , said : \" Our government has rushed to approve risky and ill-conceived exploration one the most remote and important places Earth . \" Shell 's woes the last time it tried to drill the area were its failure to have a spill-response barge site the drills reached oil-bearing zones , it had promised , and the outbreak fire the Noble Discoverer rig that Shell had hired . The Kulluk , a circular drilling barge , broke away its towing vessel and ran aground its way a shipyard Washington state . \" The approval our Revised Chukchi Sea Exploration Plan is an important milestone and signals the confidence regulators have our plan ,\" said Shell spokesman Curtis Smith .", "Katie Locke , 23 , was found dead Theobolds Park Hotel Waltham Cross , Hertfordshire . She had been strangled . Carl Langdell admitted the charge murder when he appeared St Albans Crown Court a video link Bedford Prison . A psychiatric report is to be prepared Langdell who was remanded custody and will be sentenced 18 April . Ann Evans , the prosecution , said : \" What needs to be established are the circumstances Katie 's death . There was a no comment interview the police . \" Benjamin Aina QC , defending , said Langdell admitted deliberately and intentionally killing Katie a hotel room . He said his client had been seeking psychiatric help being convicted making threats to kill Bristol . Miss Locke 's family were court the hearing . a statement released police the time her death , they said : \" a family we are distraught , shock and totally devastated . There was not a bad bone Katie 's body . \" Katie worked hard and loved her job a teacher . what little spare time she had she enjoyed sports . \" We now feel our future has been stolen us . \"", "The crackdown began last month when Turkish ISPs were told to cut the virtual private networks people use to hide where they go . Many people are changing the way they connect Tor to avoid the block . Activists said the block moved Turkey 's net censorship policies \" moderate \" \" severe \" . Tor , also known The Onion Router , aims to conceal where people go online using encryption and randomly bouncing requests webpages a network different computers . The system has become popular many nations , such China and Turkey , where governments are known to watch what people do and say online . Now Turkey Blocks , which monitors internet censorship the nation , said its regular monitoring Tor showed it was being widely blocked the country . The organisation started to investigate many people Turkey reported having problems reaching the Tor network . It added the Turkish government had put place sophisticated systems ISPs to spot when people were trying to connect Tor . These inspect packets data and can pick the distinctive signature those that are destined Tor . Turkey Blocks said the Turkish government ordered firms to start blocking VPNs and Tor early December , and has increased the pressure firms to act asking weekly updates the success the measures . The monitoring group said direct access Tor was not working well , many people were reporting they could still access the network they used a bridge . These are unofficial entry points the Tor network which , they are not listed the software itself , can survive when blocks are imposed . Turkey has a long history cutting access websites and services - particularly periods social unrest .", "The Uruguayan , 25 , was signed Nacional two years ago but made just six league appearances Boro , three them a substitute . He ended last season loan Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo , where he played seven times and scored once . Boro say they have decided to end his contract order to help him find a new club .", "The jihadists seized buildings the eastern edge the adjacent city Tadmur Thursday , but their push was reportedly halted the Syrian army . Syria 's antiquities chief warned IS seizes the Unesco World Heritage site it will destroy everything there . The group has ransacked and demolished several ancient sites Iraq . Palmyra has already suffered some damage the four-year civil war . It is situated a strategically important area the road the capital , Damascus and the contested eastern city Deir al-Zour , and close gas fields Thursday , the Syrian Observatory Human Rights said IS militants were mounting an assault Tadmur , the modern town next the ruins Palmyra . Twenty-six civilians a village Tadmur were summarily killed IS - least 10 beheading - Thursday being accused collaborating President Bashar al-Assad 's government , Mr Abdul Rahman said . IS itself claimed Twitter it had taken control northern and eastern parts Tadmur , and it had shot a Syrian air force MiG jet the area . Homs provincial governor Talal Barazi confirmed al-Sukhanah , a town the north-east , had fallen Wednesday and said 1,800 families the town were sheltering Tadmur . The Syrian Observatory said more 70 soldiers and 40 militants had been killed the battle al-Sukhanah . Rising the desert and flanked an oasis , Palmyra contains the monumental ruins a great city that was one the most important cultural centres the ancient world , according Unesco . The site , most which dates back the 1st the 2nd Century when the region was Roman rule , is dominated a grand , colonnaded street . the southern end the 1.1km street is the great temple Bel , considered one the most important religious buildings the 1st Century the East and unique design . Syria 's director antiquities , Maamoun Abdul Karim , said Palmyra were to fall IS , it would be an \" international catastrophe \" . \" It will be a repetition the barbarism and savagery which we saw Nimrud , Hatra and Mosul ,\" he told AFP news agency . The ancient sites northern Iraq were recently blown IS militants , who control swathes territory both sides the Syria-Iraq border . A US-led coalition has carried air strikes the jihadist group 's positions September . However , it says it does not co-ordinate its actions the Assad government .", "The spelling error was spotted close the High Street Warsop , Nottinghamshire Friday afternoon . Eric Hill quickly photographed the sign , which should have read \" right \" , prior the error being painted . A spokesman the Co-op said the contractors were made aware their mistake and would amend the spelling \" as quickly possible \" .", "McClaren , who led the Magpies six wins 28 Premier League matches , was replaced Benitez March , but the Spaniard could not prevent them being relegated the Championship . \" I conceded too much , especially early on , instead saying ' we need this and this ',\" McClaren told BBC Radio 5 live . \" I hope they 've allowed [ Benitez ] control everything . \" He added : \" Listen him , this is what he wants , these are his requirements , this is the team he needs to make . \" Newcastle sat 19th the table when McClaren departed , a 3-1 home defeat Bournemouth his final match charge . \" The mistake I made was I compromised too much ,\" said the former England , Derby and FC Twente manager . \" I wanted to get enough results the field I could gradually gain a bit more control . But I think you have to be domineering you go in , you have to make sure you get what you want . \" The 54-year old is confident the Magpies have learnt his experience and will afford Benitez greater control he bids to return Newcastle the top flight . \" I think now Rafa being in there he will be allowed to take control media , staff , and recruitment - which is the most important thing ,\" he said . \" You have to make sure you work together to establish what you want , what you 're comfortable working . \"", "A \u00a3 60,000 feasibility study will examine how to alter Aberystwyth University 's Old College and the costs . The building opened 1865 a hotel , but was later bought a group philanthropists who founded the university . It is home various departments and is used teaching . The university said the Old College was one finest examples the work gothic revival architect John Pollard Seddon . It is one the town 's most recognisable buildings spires , towers , gargoyled parapets and steep-pitched roofs \" a French Renaissance chateau \" . Plans include creating a \" cultural quarter \" based the Old College , a postgraduate centre providing world-class teaching , learning and study spaces , an art gallery , and lecturing and performance facilities . University vice-chancellor Prof April McMahon said : \" Research consistently shows Aberystwyth University is recognised one the best locations to study undergraduates . \" We want to build that and develop a world class postgraduate centre . \" However , the Old College should have a community focus as well an academic one . \" We want to provide a resource residents and visitors as well students and staff . \" Our vision is state-of-the-art learning facilities , exhibition space , a university shop and a first point contact local businesses - truly bringing the town and gown together a new cultural quarter . \" Regeneration Minister Huw Lewis said : \" The Old College is an iconic building Aberystwyth and resonates present and past students the university . \" Its location the centre the town can provide a focal point the area 's regeneration and the potential ideas put forward sound extremely exciting . \" The final feasibility study , which will also include a number other university properties , is expected to be finished March 2013 . It will be funded a Welsh government regeneration fund and the university . Aberystwyth has been identified a regeneration area the Welsh government and \u00a3 10.3m has been made available to invest , which is being used a number projects the town .", "Mullaney ( 113 ) plus Riki Wessels ( 81 ) and Samit Patel 's ( 85 ) century partnership saw Notts 300 , and Chris Read added an unbeaten 63 . Surrey 's Tom Curran took three wickets and West Indies paceman Ravi Rampaul ( 5-93 ) saw Notts' lower order . the close , Surrey were 7-0 having survived two overs unscathed . Surrey , who took the option to bowl first a toss , removed Greg Smith and Michael Lumb lunch , but could not halt Mullaney he had guided Notts 200 . The hosts , who picked maximum batting bonus points , looked posting a huge total Wessels was caught behind Ben Foakes Rampaul to leave Notts 308-5 . Surrey will resume Monday openers Rory Burns and Arun Harinath looking to give them a foothold the match .", "The Pass Wide and Slow Wales campaign has collected 1,300 signatures the assembly 's e-petition website . It wants an annual road safety awareness campaign explaining motorists how to react horses . The British Horse Society found 2010 there have been 2,000 road accidents the UK , 1,500 cars passing too closely . a result these , 180 horses and 36 riders have died . Awareness rides were planned Penarth , Vale Glamorgan , Swansea , Neyland Pembrokeshire , Machynlleth , Powys , Flintshire and Porthmadog Gwynedd . Any petition 50 signatures is considered a committee to be debated the assembly .", "Dead Men Risen , written Toby Harnden and published Quercus , took the prize a ceremony Westminster and was the judges' unanimous choice . It focuses the death Lt Colonel Rupert Thorneloe 2009 . It was published amended form the first print run was destroyed the MoD . The judges said the book \" takes us the hearts and minds the Welsh Guards a way that is both interesting and visceral \" . \" It challenges every citizen this country to examine exactly what we 're asking soldiers to do Afghanistan ,\" the panel continued . \" Rather offering easy answers it lets the soldiers speak themselves . \" Other awards presented included a posthumous honour Christopher Hitchens , whose final book , Arguably , was included the long list the top prize . Hitchens' widow Carol Blue accepted the award behalf the Vanity Fair writer . The journalism prize was awarded Amelia Gentleman her work The Guardian , the blog award went Rangers Tax Case - an online commentary the ongoing financial problems the historic Scottish football club . The writers the blog said they aimed to \" provide the details what Rangers FC have done , why it was illegal and what the implications are one the largest football clubs Britain \" . The winners were chosen shortlists six books , six journalists and seven bloggers , whittled longlists 17 books , 12 journalists and 18 bloggers . Each the winners received a \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 prize .", "Dominic Greyer said organisers the WI 's Centennial Fair Harrogate asked him to cover coasters , mugs and tea-towels featuring some Britain 's saucier-named towns and villages . The author was selling merchandise his book ' Lesser Spotted Britain ' when asked to hide the offending items . The organisers have yet to comment . Mr Greyer said he was approached a male organiser who described some the promotional material \" unacceptable \" . He was asked to put greetings cards brown paper bags and cover place names ' censored ' stickers . Mr Greyer said : \" It was pretty farcical , it was I was running an adult shop . \" I had to cover what paper seem rude names but , context , are real places the UK . \" It 's just ' Carry ' humour , it 's not you ca n't drive these places , they 're all out there the street people to see . \" The writer , Manchester , said ladies approaching his stall the event the weekend were \" gobsmacked \" the move and thought it was a marketing gimmick . \" Some them were pretty put and thought it was patronising ,\" he added . Wetwang , East Yorkshire Cockermouth , Cumbria Three Cocks , Powys Twatt , Shetland Islands Bell End , Northamptonshire Sandy Balls , Hampshire Slack Bottom , West Yorkshire Butts View , Derbyshire Cocking , Sussex Bully Hole Bottom , Monmouthshire Minge Lane , Worcestershire Assington , Suffolk Juggs Lane , West Sussex Furry Way , Cornwall Rings End , Cambridgeshire Guests the event took Twitter to share their confusion . \" Oh the censorship thing did have us rolling laughter - we 're just so delicate !\" said one . Other WI branches also waded their thoughts : \" the fab @ Lesser _ Spotted stand @ theWI fair but shocked to find he 'd been censored the MEN who run the event ! !\" said the Cottonopolis WI .", "Media playback is not supported this device Murray accused Glasgow targeting him Munster 's recent European game and Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has promised more the same Saturday . But Stander , 26 , believes an effective Irish display will negate the issue . \" We know what we have to do . Make the ball available him . He 's a big man . Conor can look himself ,\" he said . Asked Ireland will plan extra protection his Munster colleague , Stander replied : \" No. No. He is a player that looks himself . We just need to get the ball back the ruck and make it easier him to get the ball and let him play his game . Scrum-half Murray , 27 , claimed the Scottish club had put him risk injury the European Champions Cup game Scotstoun 14 January . Murray took a blow the head the contest and Munster were later cleared any wrongdoing Champions Cup organisers the scrum-half had initially returned the field following the incident undergoing a head injury assessment . response , the Warriors' coaching staff and players were adamant their tactics , robust , were firmly the laws the game . Scotland scrum-half Laidlaw stuck firmly this line a news conference Tuesday . Laidlaw said : \" Glasgow did everything the rules the game . a nine you are always going to get teams putting pressure you . Media playback is not supported this device \" that game , Glasgow got a charge him but they were trying to get the ball - they were n't trying to deliberately injure the player . \" Will we be putting pressure him ? sure we will . He 's not going to come Murrayfield and get an armchair ride . \" We need to do that every Irish player but we can expect the same back , I 'm sure . \" his part , Stander believes the Munster pack \" let \" Murray Scotstoun but he appears confident there will not be a repetition Murrayfield . \" We did n't look him as much we could [ Scotstoun ] . This weekend , we all have to concentrate our job . We know what we have to do . \"", "The 54-year-old had needed to run a double marathon Sunday , finishing a giant statue Nelson Mandela Johannesburg . Izzard attempted a similar feat South Africa 2012 but had to pull health reasons . It has been confirmed the comedian 's endurance feat had raised more \u00c2 \u00a3 1.35m the charity appeal . \" That was very , very tough ,\" he told reporters he swigged a celebratory bottle sparkling white wine . The 27 marathons were intended to reflect the 27 years Mr Mandela had spent prison becoming South Africa 's first black president . \" It 's been the hardest thing I 've ever done ,\" said a \" very tired \" Izzard . \" Thank you everyone who has donated [ and ] do n't do this home . \" Gary Lineker , marathon runner Paula Radcliffe and DJ Chris Moyles are those who have tweeted their congratulations .", "The Canaries , who won thanks Jonny Howson 's goal , are second the Championship two wins three . \" The first 10 minutes were quite even but that we were control the game . We hit the woodwork a few times ,\" Neil told BBC Radio Norfolk . \" our passing the final third was a bit slicker we would have had more chances . I think we deserved to win . \" Neil continued : \" I ca n't really remember too many opportunities them to score , any . \" The first goal is crucial it mucks their gameplan they need to come and leaves us more space to go and exploit . \" Norwich were relegated the Premier League last season 67 goals conceded , the joint-second-most the division . But they have kept clean sheets their last two home games , and Neil said : \" That 's going to be key going forward . \"( A lack clean sheets ) was a criticism us last season and something we want to try to fix . the last two games it 's been better . \"", "The Love Actually star will have a supporting role the spy film , according The Hollywood Reporter . Armie Hammer , Alicia Vikander and Man Steel actor Henry Cavill will also feature the adaptation the TV series , which ran 1964 1968 . Grant , who most recently starred Cloud Atlas Tom Hanks , will play the head British Naval Intelligence . The film follows special agents Napoleon Solo , played Cavill , and Illya Kuryakin - Lone Ranger star Hammer - who work the mysterious United Network Command Law Enforcement ( U.N.C.L.E. ) . Swedish actress Vikander , known her role Kitty Joe Wright 's Anna Karenina , has been cast the female lead , The Great Gatsby 's Elisabeth Debicki will also star the adaptation . Tom Cruise had been tipped the role Solo , originally portrayed Robert Vaughn the TV series , George Clooney was set to play the lead role director Steven Soderbergh 's earlier version the film . However , Clooney withdrew the film and Soderbergh subsequently dropped the project . Director Ritchie will co-write the script Lionel Wigram , who wrote both Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes films , starring Robert Downey Jr . Production is due to begin September a release planned 2014 . There were 105 episodes the multi-award winning TV show , The Man U.N.C.L.E , the first series broadcast black-and-white .", "The country has now seen two consecutive quarters declining growth , the usual definition recession . Its vital oil industry has been hit weaker global prices , according the Nigerian Bureau Statistics ( NBS ) . But the government says there has been strong growth other sectors . Crude oil sales account 70 % government income . The price oil has fallen highs about $ 112 a barrel 2014 $ 50 the moment . the oil industry , the figures show the fall the Nigerian currency , the naira , has hurt the economy . It was allowed to float freely June to help kick-start the economy , but critics argued it should have been done earlier . The government , however , has found some positive news the figures . \" There was growth the agricultural and solid minerals sectors ... the areas which the federal government has placed particular priority ,\" said presidential economic adviser Adeyemi Dipeolu . Nigeria , which vies South Africa the mantle Africa 's biggest economy , is also battling an inflation rate an 11-year high 17.1 % July . \" A lot Nigeria 's current predicament could have been avoided ,\" said Kevin Daly Aberdeen Asset Management . \" The country is so reliant oil precisely its leaders have n't diversified the economy . \" More recently , they have tried , and failed , to prop the naira , which has had a ruinous effect the country 's foreign exchange reserves and any reputation it might have had being fiscally responsible . \" This economic recession comes no surprise millions Nigerians . Many say they 've never known it so tough . The slump global oil prices has hit Nigeria hard . The government depends oil sales about 70 % its revenues . But critics say government policies made a bad situation even worse . The decision to delay devaluing Nigeria 's currency meant many businesses struggled to get foreign currency to pay imports , which had a cooling effect the entire economy . Following enormous pressure , the government changed tack this summer , allowing the naira to float . That 's led a spike inflation , but the hope is it will attract foreign investors . The government also says the country needs to import less : it wants to see more products made Nigeria .", "Mining , energy , and financial stocks were the big gainers , healthcare and telecoms the main losers . The Dow Jones rose 0.6 % 19,912.7 , and the S & P 500 rose 0.7 % 2,280.07 . The Nasdaq added 0.9 % 5,600.9 . Small-company stocks outpaced the rest the market . The Russell 2000 jumped 1.6 % 1,369.21 points . Mining and other materials sector companies could benefit initiatives the White House to streamline the permitting process manufacturing and clear the way pipeline construction . Energy companies climbed crude oil prices closed higher . The rally also swept stocks US homebuilders . Healthcare , phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were the biggest laggards bond yields rose . several big companies reported quarterly earnings , investors focused the latest batch executive actions President Donald Trump . \" The importance this earnings season has been dimmed only we all realise there 's going to be some changes policy ,'' said J.J . Kinahan , TD Ameritrade 's chief strategist . \" Now you 're trading the edicts , or whatever they may be , that are coming the White House . '' Trump hosted a breakfast meeting the heads General Motors , Ford , and Fiat Chrysler , the big three US carmakers that argues should invest more the US . The chiefs expressed optimism the meeting , prompting a rise carmakers' shares . GM gained 1 % , Ford added 2.4 % , and Fiat Chrysler rose 5.8 % . Verizon fell 4.4 % the phone and communications company posted earnings the last three months 2016 that fell short what analysts' forecasts .", "The Duke and Duchess Cambridge 's son is the first member the UK Royal family to have his first birthday marked a new coin . The third line the throne and future king turns one 22 July . The design the sterling silver piece was approved his parents ; his great-grandmother the Queen ; and Chancellor George Osborne . It bears the heraldic royal arms and the year 2014 . Prince George was photographed the weekend walking the help his mother . Shane Bissett , director commemorative coin and bullion the Royal Mint , said : \" We felt there could be no more fitting design to mark the first birthday our future king the royal arms - the arms the monarch - minted honour the future heir the throne . \" The choice a silver coin is significant too , the precious metal is closely associated newborn babies ... \" Crossing the palm a newborn baby silver is a way to wish them wealth and good health their life , the \u00a3 5 coin is a favourite royal celebrations . \" The coins will be a limited mintage 7,500 and will cost \u00a3 80 each the Royal Mint . The heraldic royal arms incorporates the four quarterings the royal arms , each contained a shield , as well a rose , thistle , leek , a sprig shamrock and a crown . It was originally created the Queen and was last used a coin struck the British Exhibition New York 1960 . George 's birth and his christening were also marked commemorative coins .", "However , the 2018 event , set to showcase art , design and innovation , will not be the first the region . 1929 , the North East Coast Exhibition was opened the Prince Wales Newcastle great fanfare . So , will organisers take inspiration the grand event , which attracted four million visitors ? Responding the Newcastle and Gateshead announcement , the North East Chamber Commerce said : \" The Great Exhibition looks set to be the launch pad real growth our regional economy . \" The Prince Wales - later King Edward VIII - opened the 1929 event and said : \" The industries the North are not yet knocked the ring . \" They are fighting back gallantly a good Northern punch . \" And the \" northern punch \" included cutting-edge technology , such a cow milking machine , a telescope brought Edinburgh University , and the local newspaper using a newly-designed electric sign to flash the latest news items . Industry and consumer items were represented , some them household names that remain , such Hoover vacuum cleaners , Singer sewing machines , and Pyrex glass ovenware . Andrews Liver Salts showed its brand a 15ft \" fountain health \" . entertainment there was an amusement park , a Himalayan Railway , and an African village . More four million people passed the turnstiles May and October that year , including King Alfonso Spain and the Sultan Zanzibar . Each millionth visitor was presented a gold watch . When the exhibition ended , the pavilions were dismantled and the area reverted a public park . Unfortunately , that \" northern punch \" would fall victim the economic depression a few years later , the 1930s .", "The body Omar Omran was found an apartment the Riverside complex , Kimmage , Monday evening . He had been stabbed death . His mother Maha Al Adheem , a doctor who is originally Iraq , appeared Dublin District Court Thursday . The 42 year old was remanded custody next week . the hearing , a detective sergeant gave evidence the arrest . He said about 45 minutes she was charged , Maha Al Adheem said : \" Yes it was my knife . Yes it was my hand . \" It was not me . It was the power . \"", "Inderjit Singh Dhariwal , 49 , was injured Samsons Rood End Road , Oldbury , the early hours Sunday . Nicolas Salhan , 36 , Haybridge Avenue , Stourbridge , and Jonathan Davies , 42 , Old Bridge Walk , Rowley Regis , have been charged . They are due to appear Wolverhampton Crown Court 30 November . Mr Dhariwal , Oldbury , was taken hospital a critical condition but died Monday .", "The builder said it would construct 139 homes Duddingston Park South , Duddingston , and 165 Newcraighall Village . Barratt Homes will also build a total 102 affordable homes the two developments . Newcraighall Village and Duddingston Park South are both set to launch later this year . Anne Ross , sales director Barratt Homes the East Scotland , said : \" 2014 has been buoyant year new homes sales and we are pleased to be launching these two new developments the Edinburgh area , to allow us to keep demand . \" a wide selection modern homes offer and sought-after locations , we hope these developments will be extremely popular . \"", "Media playback is not supported this device Page , 25 , was beaten gold 0.425 points Canada 's Rosannagh MacLennan won a second successive Olympic title a score 56.465 . World champion Li Dan China took bronze , another Briton , Katherine Driscoll , came sixth . \" I ca n't believe I 've won an Olympic medal ,\" said Page , Huntingdon . \" I 'm just so happy . \" Find how to get gymnastics our special guide . \" I had no idea it was a medal but my performance was the best I could have done . That is why I was so happy , all the training and hard work had paid . \" I am so happy I got to share the final Kat . \" Prior winning Olympic silver , Page 's highest career finish an international event was fifth the 2015 World Championships Denmark . Trampoline made its Olympic debut 2000 and this is the first time British women have reached the final . Media playback is not supported this device Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "The \" witches' marks \" were often carved entrances buildings , including the house where Shakespeare was born and the Tower London . The symbols were believed to offer protection when belief witchcraft and the supernatural was widespread . But heritage agency Historic England says too little is known them . This Halloween it is calling people to document the marks , which can be found medieval houses , churches and other buildings , most commonly 1550 1750 . The symbols , which were intended to protect inhabitants and visitors buildings witches and evil spirits , took many forms , including patterns and sometimes letters . The most common type was the \" Daisy Wheel \" , which looked a flower drawn a compass a single endless line that was supposed to confuse and entrap evil spirits . They also took the form letters , such AM Ave Maria , M Mary or VV , Virgin Virgins , scratched medieval walls , engraved wooden beams and etched plasterwork to evoke the protective power the Virgin Mary . Known examples include several found Shakespeare 's birthplace Stratford-upon-Avon , Warwickshire , carved the cellar door where beer was kept , and the Tithe Barn , Bradford-on-Avon , Wiltshire , to protect crops . Others have been found caves , such the Witches' Chimney Wookey Hole , Somerset , which has numerous markings . Duncan Wilson , chief executive Historic England , said : \" Witches' marks are a physical reminder how our ancestors saw the world . \" They really fire the imagination and can teach us previously-held beliefs and common rituals . \" Ritual marks were cut , scratched or carved our ancestors' homes and churches the hope making the world a safer , less hostile place . \" They were such a common part everyday life they were unremarkable and they are easy to overlook , the recorded evidence we hold where they appear and what form they take is thin . \"", "It came the day the remains the boiler house were demolished and the search resumed three men killed when the building partially came . However , site owner RWE NPower reassured people the tower was still standing and had been shrouded fog . It would be demolished future , a spokeswoman added . Paul Brassett tweeted : \" Local reports Didcot power station stack came overnight . Might want to check it . \" Drew Simpson tweeted : \" Just been the perimeter road Didcot and ca n't see the tall tower - suspect it may have come . \" Elliot Harvey tweeted : \" Any ideas it was planned to bring the tall chimney the power station , or is it another accident . \" RWE said Sunday 's demolition the boiler house had \" gone as planned \" .", "The company said it was looking the possibility adding services Sandown and Southsea . It said the idea had come businesses the island resort who were keen to boost tourism . confirmed , the cross-Solent service would operate two days a week July and August . Neil Chapman , managing director Hovertravel , said : \" We 're always open new ideas which might boost tourism the Isle Wight and we provisionally agreed the concept , subject gaining the appropriate permissions . \" The plan would be the service to operate four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday 14 July 27 August . The Isle Wight Council welcomed the plan and said it was currently discussion Hovertravel to finalise the details and the use Sandown Beach the service .", "April and October 103 liner visits are scheduled Guernsey , Alderney , Sark and Herm . 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits , 29 being cancelled bad weather and itinerary changes . Capt Peter Gill , Guernsey 's harbour master , said : \" It was a very poor year weather terms and affected virtually every aspect our activities . \" He said : \" It was n't just the cruise liners , visiting yachts as well were significantly down previous years , fact last year was the worst 1987 . \" Investigations plans a cruise liner berth Guernsey , estimated to cost \u00c2 \u00a3 60m and \u00c2 \u00a3 80m , are due to form part the harbour master plan , which is due to be released this year . Currently passengers are ferried the cruise liners and Guernsey tenders carried the ships . Capt Gill said : \" terms a destination port the UK , Guernsey is the most visited , it is the most popular ... the cruise liner operators have made it quite clear us they are very keen to come here . \"", "Tim Husbands said it is also essential proper transport links are put place visitors to reach the site . He was speaking the BBC 's Inside Business programme growing Northern Ireland 's tourism industry . Mr Husbands took the top job Titanic Belfast a few months the visitors' centre opened 2012 . its first year operation , more 800,000 people 128 countries toured the east Belfast building - double the number it was expected to achieve . Titanic Belfast welcomed its one millionth visitor July 2013 . Mr Husbands has a wealth experience event management , spending 15 years charge Belfast 's Waterfront Hall . He also managed the Ulster Hall and help to stage a number major events the city , including the Tall Ships festival 2009 . 2014 , he was awarded an MBE the Queen services economic development and tourism . Mr Husbands told Inside Business , there is no point creating attractions the sake it , parts Northern Ireland Belfast need to be better served terms tourism and transport . \" There 's no easy means transporting people one city another , one region another , and we need to encourage that ,\" he said . \" You have to make it easy the consumer , you have to make it easy the guests . \" I 'm not sure we are mature enough an industry to do that just yet . \" Tim Husbands interview will be broadcast BBC Radio Ulster part Inside Business 13:30 GMT Sunday 20 November .", "Steven Dunne , 42 , failed to return Southview Low Secure Unit , Hellingly , 17:00 BST Wednesday . a police appeal Saturday , Dunne later went Bootle Street police station Manchester , where he is custody . Dunne will return hospital a higher level security . Earlier , their appeal , Sussex Police had said they believed he had gone Manchester he had family links the city . November 2010 , Dunne admitted the manslaughter Gordon Stalker , 51 , the grounds diminished responsibility and was detained indefinitely . Sussex Police said the level security he was originally detained was approved the Ministry Justice . Dunne handed himself , Lisa Rodrigues , chief executive Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust , said : \" We were concerned Mr Dunne 's welfare and we worked closely Sussex Police their investigation . \" The NHS trust had said Dunne posed a \" low risk \" he was reported missing . the court case , Dunne , formerly Chates Farm Court , Brighton , told Lewes Crown Court he believed Mr Stalker was controlling his mind and he could only be freed killing him . The pair were neighbours a shared house Elm Grove , Brighton , where they were friends and often socialised together . But Dunne 's mental health deteriorated and he began to believe Mr Stalker was a witch who had captured his soul . He stabbed Mr Stalker repeatedly their communal hallway . The judge ordered him to be detained the Mental Health Act .", "Sue Sim was the first woman to lead the force and led the hunt murderer Raoul Moat 2010 . Last month Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner Vera Baird launched an investigation Ms Sim alleged rudeness staff . Ms Sim is retiring 3 June to spend more time her family to \" make the sacrifices \" they made . She joined Merseyside Police 1985 , progressing the ranks moving Northumbria 2004 . Ms Sim said the hunt Moat following the murder Christopher Brown and shooting one her officers , PC David Rathband , was one the biggest challenges she faced . She said : \" That was the largest manhunt the country has seen 44 years . I spent my time and reassuring the public and responding their questions . \" I am immensely proud my officers and staff who went their roles fully aware the threats them , but determined to support the public . \" She has also overseen savings \u00c2 \u00a3 117m 2010 and was the helm Northumbria Police reopened no crime rape reports following an audit . Ms Baird 's office said the misconduct investigation will continue but admitted the complaints her were upheld , Ms Sim 's retirement would mean any sanctions , such a written warning , would have no impact . Ms Baird said : \" Sue has brought passion and enthusiasm her role and leaves a time when Northumbria is one the highest performing forces the country . \"", "The 26-year-old German tore cartilage his knee the Premier League defeat Chelsea 14 December , coming 57 minutes . Kirchhoff was making only his eighth appearance the season , and had two months a hamstring injury . Sunderland , who visit Manchester United Boxing Day , are 18th the Premier League and one point safety . Black Cats forward Duncan Watmore is out the season a cruciate knee ligament injury .", "The Hannover forward , who will also miss Austria 's game Serbia Sunday , has been replaced Sturm Graz striker Deni Alar Harnik is the team 's most-capped player , 14 goals 61 matches . Alar is the leading top-scorer Austrian league leaders Graz , nine goals as many games .", "Winners the cup competition earn a place the Europa League . Four-time cup winners Forest have failed to progress the third round the past 11 seasons and start their campaign Doncaster Tuesday . \" It 's very important it is the only way to go the Europa League ,\" Montanier told BBC Radio Nottingham . \" I know it 's difficult there are a lot teams the Premier League and Championship . It will be a very important game . \" Forest , two-time European Cup winners Brian Clough 1979 and 1980 , who also guided the club its four League Cup titles , last featured European competition the 1995-96 season , reaching the Uefa Cup quarter-finals . The Reds , who last won the League Cup 1990 and featured the final 1992 , were knocked the competition League One side Walsall 12 months ago . Their trip to face League Two side Doncaster comes three days Montanier oversaw Forest 's Championship season opening victory Burton Albion , what was his first competitive match English football . Former Rennes boss Montanier also confirmed the injury goalkeeper Dorus Vries , suffered the 4-3 victory Burton Saturday , is not as bad first feared . \" It will be a few weeks , but not serious ,\" Montanier said .", "The Flybe plane , which was carrying 62 passengers Exeter , landed safely declaring a full emergency 13:43 . Edinburgh Airport said nobody was hurt the incident . A Flybe spokesman said : \" The flight landed safely Edinburgh Airport following the report a technical fault the aircraft . \" He added : \" The pilot followed standard operating procedures and , is usual such circumstances , the airport put its emergency vehicles standby . \" All 62 passengers disembarked as normal when the aircraft arrived stand . \"", "Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited September when the poppies were installed , compared about 37,000 last year . The poppy arch segment , Wave , consists 5,800 ceramic poppies falling Cascade Bridge the Lower Lake . Park entry Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be ticket only . Yorkshire Sculpture Park said visitor numbers would be restricted 8 and 11 November \" to ensure a calm and contemplative experience all \" . Belinda Eldridge , operations manager , said the 170 % rise visitor numbers was \" phenomenal \" and Yorkshire Sculpture Park was expecting its biggest ever year , more half a million visitors . \" We feel extremely privileged to be able to bring the poppies Yorkshire ,\" she said . \" It 's safe to say tens thousands people are coming a result the poppies . \" She said the sculpture had a \" different feel \" any other sculpture the park , and many people found seeing the poppies was a \" calm and contemplative experience \" . The installation is part a nationwide tour poppies the artwork Blood Swept Lands and Seas Red , which was unveiled London July 2014 . The artwork , created artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper , marked 100 years the start World War One and drew more five million visitors . The Yorkshire Regiment raised 24 Battalions served 65,000 men , whom 9,000 died .", "The Military Reaction Force was the subject a BBC Panorama programme last November . Former members said the unit had shot people who may have been unarmed . The PSNI investigation has found none the men featured \" admitted any criminal act or being involved any the incidents portrayed \" . a statement , the PSNI said : \" Detectives Serious Crime Branch have studied the contents a BBC Panorama programme broadcast last year the activities the MRF . \" there does not appear to be any admission criminality individuals featured the programme , it will form part an HET review all deaths linked soldiers . \" This review will begin when HET resumes its work the near future . \" The unit was disbanded 1973 , 18 months . The plain-clothes soldiers carried round-the-clock patrols Belfast unmarked cars . Three former members the unit talked Panorama . They said they had been tasked \" hunting \" IRA members Belfast . When asked occasion the MRF would make an assumption someone had a weapon , even they could not see one , one the former soldiers replied \" occasionally \" . \" We did n't go town blasting , shooting all the place you see the TV , we were going down there and finding , looking our targets , finding them and taking them ,\" he said . \" We may not have seen a weapon , but there more likely would have been weapons there a vigilante patrol . \" One the soldiers said they were \" not there to act an army unit , we were there to act a terror group \" . Solicitor Padraig \u00c3 \u201c Muirigh represents families who believe their relatives were killed the MRF . He said police should further investigate the soldiers' claims . \" They very openly and brazenly admitted they were a terror gang , they acted the rule law , they also acted the yellow card rule ,\" he said . \" They also admitted being involved fatal incidents which people may not have been armed . \" I think all that and that very high-profile Panorama programme pointed the direction there should have been further investigation these matters . \" Unfortunately it appears the PSNI have not done that , the request the director public prosecutions . \"", "It follows complaints gangs young adults gathering Llangefni , drinking alcohol and causing criminal damage . The power allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave . The order will remain force 01:00 BST Sunday . \" The action we are taking is twofold ,\" explained Sgt Tracey Llewellyn , Anglesey 's Safer Neighbourhood policing team . \" Initially we would like to reassure those living or visiting the town centre we are taking positive action youths causing repeat issues anti-social behaviour and the town to ensure they are not plagued the behaviour certain youths . \" Equally importantly is to protect young people the excesses alcohol and its potential consequences . \" The dispersal order means any person 16-years-old can also be taken home , or a place safety . Individuals can also be banned the area 24 hours , or face arrest they return .", "Jamie Cox attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja her home Lambeth , south London , July last year . The Swindon-based WBO European super-middleweight title holder , who was overheard threatening to \" knock \" Ms Gribovskaja , had denied assault . But he was found guilty a trial Croydon Magistrates' Court . The victim was awoken the early hours the morning Cox forcing his way her flat , the court heard . She called 999 he broke her bedroom door . The 29-year-old boxer , who appeared court his real name Jamie Russan , was convicted assault beating , violence to secure entry , harassment and criminal damage . Alex Slater , prosecuting , said : \" Viktoria said she had never been so scared her life . She thought he was going to kill her . \" He was heard a recording a 999 call , which lasted 21 minutes , to say : \" I will knock you spark . \" his trial last month , Cox said he had \" barged \" Ms Gribovskaja 's front and bedroom doors he feared she \" could kill herself \" . He denied putting his hands her . But magistrates found the victim 's account the confrontation \" credible and convincing \" . Nathaniel Ikeazor , representing Cox , told the court the boxer regretted the incident . He said : \" Jamie is remorseful how his actions affected Viktoria and affected the relationship thereafter . \" Cox was sentenced 26 weeks prison the assault and harassment charges , 20 weeks violence to secure entry and 12 weeks criminal damage , to run concurrently . He was ordered to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 1,105 compensation his victim and court costs , and given a restraining order barring him contacting her indefinitely . Cox showed no emotion the sentence was handed . Speaking court , his trainer 10 years , John Costello , said his legal team will appeal the decision and are \" confident he will clear his name \" . Cox will be suspended boxing the duration his sentence , Mr Costello confirmed .", "State department officials and Mr Bae 's sister were quoted saying the 45-year-old had been returned a hospital the camp 20 January . Mr Bae , a Korean-American , was arrested November 2012 and sentenced 15 years' hard labour May . North Korea says he used his tourism business to form groups to overthrow the government . He was taken hospital last year suffering dramatic weight loss . His family say he has several health complaints including diabetes and liver problems . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Washington had learned Mr Bae 's transfer the camp representatives the Swedish embassy Pyongyang , which acts behalf the US North Korea . Ms Psaki said the Swedish diplomats \" have met Mr Bae 10 times his detention , most recently 7 February a labour camp \" . She added : \" We continue to urge DPRK ( North Korean ) authorities to grant Mr Bae special amnesty and immediate release humanitarian grounds \" . Ms Psaki did not specify when Mr Bae had been forced back the camp . However , a US state department official and Mr Bae 's sister confirmed the 20 January date . \" He 's back eight-hours-a-day , six-days-a-week hard labour ,\" Terri Chung , Mr Bae 's sister , was quoted saying the Associated Press news agency . Pyongyang has so far made no official comment the reports . Thursday , US President Barack Obama used the annual National Prayer Breakfast Washington to say : \" We pray Kenneth Bae , a Christian missionary who has been left North Korea 15 months . \" \" His family wants him home , and the United States will continue to do everything our power to secure his release Kenneth Bae deserves to be free . \" the details his transfer are confirmed , it would mean Mr Bae was returned the camp the same day he spoke foreign media North Korea heavy prison guard - his first \" press conference \" the detention . Mr Bae denied media reports he had been badly treated and called US \" co-operation \" to secure his release . Correspondents say he may have been speaking strict editorial control . North Korea has arrested several US citizens recent years , including journalists and Christians accused proselytising . They were released visits Pyongyang high-profile officials , including former presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter .", "Owner Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool 's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier . St John Stott , director Cuerden Leisure , which also owns Eastbourne Pier , said the company was \" restructuring its assets \" . Blackpool North Pier was bought a local businessman 2011 . Collectively , they are the market offers around \u00a3 12.6m , individual guide prices \u00a3 4.8m Blackpool Central , \u00a3 3.3m Blackpool South and \u00a3 4.5m Llandudno Pier . Blackpool Central Pier is home a 33m high ( 108ft ) Ferris wheel , Blackpool South Pier and Llandudno Pier were all built the 19th Century . Llandudno , which is 695m long ( 2,280ft ) , is the only pier listed building status meaning any future owners would require Listed Building Consent to make changes the structure . Known the \" Queen Welsh Piers \" , it nestles the crescent bay the outcrops the Little and Great Orme . Blackpool Central Pier , which stands 341m long ( 1,118ft ) , and Blackpool South Pier , which is 150m ( 492ft ) , do not benefit listed status , opening 1864 and 1892 respectively . Richard Baldwin , a director Bilfinger GVA , which is selling the piers Cuerden Leisure , said it would be very unlikely a new owner would make significant changes . He said : \" our opinion , the value is the existing use and this is unlikely to change either the Blackpool piers . \" A spokesman the National Piers Society , which promotes the preservation and continued enjoyment seaside piers the UK , said : \" These piers are all good order and trading successfully , and , given Easter is almost us , I have no doubt they will quickly find a buyer or buyers . \"", "Domingo has been the role May 2013 and his contract ends August . Cricket South Africa have said they are \" resolved to begin a recruitment process \" they look to appoint a head coach \" through the 2019 World Cup \" . South Africa will play three one-day internationals , three Twenty20 games and four Test matches England . Domingo 's side are currently ranked third Tests , second one-day internationals and fourth T20 cricket . The 42-year-old guided his team a 3-0 Test series win Sri Lanka earlier this month and a 2-1 away Test series success Australia November . South Africa won the first five one-day internationals Sri Lanka Saturday a convincing eight-wicket victory Port Elizabeth . Sri Lanka were bowled 181 and South Africa reached 185-2 15.4 overs remaining Hashim Amla scoring 57 and Faf du Plessis making an unbeaten 55 .", "Lil ' Chris , whose real name was Chris Hardman , rose fame Channel 4 's Rock School . He was found dead Lowestoft 23 March . His family said the 24-year-old struggled mental health issues and depression . A private funeral was held earlier this month . The inquest , St Margaret 's House Lowestoft , was told the full hearing has been adjourned 28 July . Suffolk coroner Dr Peter Dean conducted the short hearing , which was told the musician was found his friend . The emergency services were called the house Union Road , Mr Hardman was declared dead an hour later a paramedic . Dr Dean expressed his \" sympathy \" the family . Following Mr Hardman 's death , fellow musicians and fans paid tribute social media the singer , who had his first hit single Checkin ' It . It followed his appearances the Channel 4 series Kiss frontman Gene Simmons 2006 , which was set the town 's Kirkley High School . Guy Barnes , a producer who was working Hardman , said : \" As much we 're all mourning the death the boy , everybody needs to put as much love and strength they possibly can do the Hardman family I do n't know how anyone deals that . \" a statement released Lil ' Chris 's death , his family said he was a \" huge personality who will be missed everyone who knew him \" . \" He was a hugely creative person who used this side his personality to make others smile , to cheer people and to make others feel better ,\" they said . \" A real people person , he would always take the time to stop and talk , no matter who or when and we are proud he was so well thought all who knew him . \" Family and friends gathered his funeral 8 April Gorleston , Norfolk , releasing balloons his favourite colour green Claremont Pier his hometown Lowestoft . Samaritans' deputy chief executive Fiona Malcolm has said the charity had been \" saddened \" his death . \" anyone has been affected this news , or is struggling to cope , we would like to let people know Samaritans is here them they need to talk ,\" she said .", "Andrew Platten , 55 , Bingley , died the scene Cottingley Cliffe Road the town Tuesday.\u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac West Yorkshire Police said officers had tried to stop the car seeing the driver \" acting suspiciously \" . Police said the car then \" sped and collided \" Dr Platten a short distance away . The matter has been referred the Independent Police Complaints Commission . A 22-year-old Bradford man was arrested the scene suspicion causing death dangerous driving . He has been released bail . Dr Platten worked Leeds Beckett University . Its website describes him an associate dean international and collaborative provision the Faculty Arts , Environment and Technology . a statement , his family said : \" Andrew excelled a respected and dedicated academic , a love art , poetry and music . anyone that knew him , cycling was his true passion he became a recognised competitive rider the roads . \u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac \" Most importantly he was a loved friend , loyal brother and uncle , loving partner and a truly inspirational father . He will be deeply missed , but he has left his stamp all who met him . \" He will always be cherished and never forgotten , living all our hearts . \"", "Northern Ireland 's world number three is due to tee Americans Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler 02:45 GMT ( 10:45 local time ) Thursday . The 26-year-old currently leads the Race Dubai rankings just three tournaments remaining . \" I 'm not feeling great . I ate something a couple nights ago and Tuesday was n't good at all ,\" he said . \" I thought I would be better Wednesday morning , but I had a piece toast and a couple bits melon breakfast and I came here and tried to hit some balls , but even just making a couple swings my stomach was too sore . \" I just need another day rest and hopefully I will be better tomorrow and I can play . \" Four-time major winner McIlroy is the only two-time winner the Race Dubai - the European Tour 's season-long event - having claimed titles 2012 and 2014 . He currently leads England 's Danny Willett , Irishman Shane Lowry and South African Louis Oosthuizen .", "The 35-year-old skippered the Bears One-Day Cup victory September 2016 , but less 12 months the county are bottom the Division One Championship table . Bell , who last played England November 2015 , was was recently left the Bears' T20 side . \" This is the right time me to stand ,\" Bell said . \" a senior player , I will support the team all ways possible and I believe our squad has very exciting times ahead . \" It 's been an absolute honour to lead my home county the last 18 months and my decision to stand is something that I have thought long and hard a period weeks . \" Bell is to be replaced former England batsman Jonathan Trott captain Warwickshire 's Championship side . The county 's sports director Ashley Giles said Bell made a \" brave \" decision to focus batting . \" Having him focused solely scoring runs Warwickshire and Birmingham Bears is a huge asset the club ,\" Giles said . Warwickshire , who won limited-overs silverware Bell 's first season captain , are Division One relegation trouble , having lost five their nine matches - four them an innings . Bell , the most capped international Warwickshire history , having played 118 Tests , 161 one-day internationals and eight T20 matches , has scored 345 runs 14 innings , an average 24.64 . He has not made a Championship century April 2016 . the T20 Blast , he has hit 251 runs 12 matches a strike rate 117.29 , but he was dropped the order a run poor scores opener . Having not batted at all the Bears' penultimate game , he was left out altogether the final group game Friday , which the Bears won Lancashire Old Trafford to secure a place the quarter-finals . New Zealand international Grant Elliott captained the side and will be expected to so again this Friday 's last-eight tie Surrey The Oval . Bell , who was part the Birmingham Bears T20 Blast title-winning side 2014 , also won the Big Bash Australia last winter Perth Scorchers .", "The policewoman , Sandra Bertin , was charge security cameras . She said she had been told to report the presence national police units , she had not seen them . More 80 people died when a lorry struck crowds celebrating Bastille Day 14 July . So-called Islamic State ( IS ) said it was the attack , which was carried a Tunisian man , Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel . Ms Bertin told the Journal du Dimanche ( French ) she had been instructed an interior ministry official to report the presence national police units the seaside Promenade des Anglais the time the attack . \" The national police were perhaps there , but I could n't see them the video ,\" Ms Bertin said . She told the Journal du Dimanche she had also been \" harassed an hour \" Mr Cazeneuve the phone . The interior ministry says there were 64 members the national police the seafront - arrangements Nice city hall . But the BBC 's Hugh Schofield Paris says Nice city hall believes some these national police had been replaced municipal police - who were more lightly armed and less able to intervene to stop the killer . The suspicion - denied vehemently Paris - is there has been a cover-up , our correspondent says . Mr Cazeneuve said he would sue defamation the \" grave accusations \" . The government has faced criticism not preventing the attack , a time when France was a state emergency following the extremist attacks Paris November last year . French ministers were booed when they attended a ceremony Nice to remember the victims . President Francois Hollande said Friday he had \" full confidence \" Mr Cazeneuve . Last week , local authorities Nice refused a request French anti-terror police to destroy CCTV images the attack . The Paris prosecutor 's office said the request had been made to avoid the \" uncontrolled dissemination \" images . But officials Nice responded filing a legal document , arguing the footage could constitute evidence .", "Hamilton struggled fourth the Ferraris title leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen team-mate Valtteri Bottas took a maiden win . Hamilton said : \" Big congratulations Valtteri . Fantastic job and he deserves the win . He has been fast all weekend . \" me , just a very , very odd weekend . I am just hopeful the next races I will be able to pick the pace . \" Bottas' win ensured the damage Hamilton the championship was limited as much possible - Vettel now leads 13 points but it would have been 20 had the German won the race . \" It 's great we are ahead the Ferraris ,\" the Briton said . \" It has stopped Sebastian pulling away too far . \" Hamilton was more half a second slower Bottas qualifying and the Finn made a blistering start third and took the lead the first corner , Hamilton did not make ground fourth the grid . The 32-year-old suffered overheating problems he chased Raikkonen the first stint the race and dropped back the pit-stop period to finish 25 seconds the Finn and 36 Bottas . \" I do n't remember the last time we had that [ overheating ],\" Hamilton said . \" It meant I was the race the get-go . \" I think I had the pace to fight Kimi but the car was just overheating the whole the time . I 'm sure we will go back the drawing board and figure it . \" Bottas joined Mercedes the winter following the retirement world champion Nico Rosberg . Bottas said his first win felt \" surreal \" , but added : \" It 's a good feeling and I am happy . \" He added : \" I always knew I could get good results everything goes right and I always trust my ability . But it 's nice to get confirmation the results are possible . \" It took quite a while , more 80 races me , but it 's definitely worth the wait . This strange opportunity came me the winter to join the team and they made it possible , so I want to thank them . \" Bottas moves third place the championship , 23 points Vettel and 10 Hamilton . He said : \"[ Winning the title ] has always been the only goal me my career but I have not had the chance to prove it . Now I have the chance to prove I can win races and titles . Two weeks ago people were saying I am the number two driver but today it looks very different . \"", "Haydn Harwood , 33 , says the black spiders are \" every nook and cranny \" the outside walls his house and garage Llanedeyrn . He said his wife , Kayleigh , and any family members who visit are afraid venturing the garden . Tube spiders are one the UK 's largest , bodies 2.2cm ( 0.9in ) , green iridescence their jaws . Mr Harwood first spotted the colony his end-of-terrace home a year ago . He said : \" They are nocturnal creatures I had n't seen them one night when I was having a cigarette I am not allowed to smoke the house . \" I saw something move , went and got a flashlight and saw them all the cracks the walls . They were the eaves , all the back wall , the side the house and the kitchen window . \" It is a bit worry our pets . \" We have two cats and a Chihuahua and it would be terrible they got bitten them . Tube web spiders - Segestria florentina He asked a friend help to exterminate them but three months the colony had returned . Mr Harwood said he has asked Cardiff council help . Experts say the spiders originated the Mediterranean and north Africa and made their way Britain cargo ships . They believe the spiders are now able survive and spread the UK 's increasingly mild climate .", "The profit included a ' write back ' \u00a3 27m impairment charges . That means money which had been set aside to cover expected losses can now be released loans performed better expected . These are the first performance figures the bank has published a corporate reorganisation 2015 . that time the bank 's parent company , RBS , split Ulster Bank 's Irish operation separate businesses , north and south the border . Richard Donnan , head Ulster Bank Northern Ireland , said the results also showed a 6 % decline operating costs \u00a3 154m \u00a3 145m . \" We still have work to do to manage our costs order to grow our business a sustainable way , but we have made significant progress that front ,\" he said . \" I am pleased we have impairment write backs \u00a3 27m , driven improved residential and commercial property market conditions . \" March , the bank said it would close nine its 64 branches October . Ulster Bank is one the big four local banks Northern Ireland , employing about 2,200 staff . 2016 RBS , which is 72 %- government owned , reported a \u00a3 7bn annual loss .", "The victim 's body was found Hedderley Walk , St Ann 's Well Road , the St Ann 's area just 16:00 BST Sunday . Several roads the area were sealed and officers carried extra patrols the area . The victim was a 43-year-old man but no further details have yet been released . Police have appealed any witnesses to come forward .", "Nearly 1.85 million requests support were made last year , but just 650,000 people received help . Councils have been warning a number years a shortage funding is causing problems . But the Health and Social Care Information Centre figures shows how difficult it is people to get help . Only 144,000 the requests help resulted long-term care , which includes places care homes or help the home tasks such washing and dressing . Nearly 220,000 got short-term help , such rehabilitation discharge hospital , and another 300,000 got low-level support such walking aids and telecare . The rest either received nothing or were advised to seek help charities , the NHS or housing services . the NHS , social care is not free and most people will pay something the cost their care , some covering the entire cost . Meanwhile , a separate survey nearly 70,000 people who did get help revealed their experiences care . Some 65 % said they were extremely or very satisfied their care and 26 % were quite satisfied , but one 10 was not . One 20 did not feel clean or presentable and the same proportion said they did not always get enough food and drink . Janet Morrison , chief executive the charity Independent Age , said the figures painted an \" alarming picture services cut back the bare bones \" . \" This is a direct result \u00a3 4.6bn cuts social care budgets 2010 and comes an ageing population which is increasing the need these services ,\" she added . The figures come a coalition health and care groups wrote the Treasury last month warning the care sector needed to be protected the \" deepening crisis \" was putting people danger . The government said its spending plans would be revealed November , but pointed a \u00a3 5.4bn fund - the Better Care Fund - had been established April to ensure NHS money was used services that support council-organised care . But Izzi Seccombe , the Local Government Association , said : \" We need to see a change the current perverse funding system which , the last five years , has seen an increase funding the NHS but a decrease funding social care . \" This threatens to leave councils struggling to commission the essential support which keeps people hospital and living healthier and happier lives their communities . \"", "Celia Castedo told Bolivian media said she had warned the plane had barely enough fuel to reach the destination Colombia . Ms Castedo is Brazil where she is seeking asylum . The crash killed 71 people , including most the Chapecoense football team . The plane was taking the team Colombia the final a regional tournament when it ran fuel , plunging a mountainside the city Medellin . a leaked tape , the pilot , Miguel Quiroga , can be heard warning a \" total electric failure \" and \" lack fuel \" . her letter ( Spanish ) published the Bolivian media , Ms Castedo , who worked air traffic control , said she had no authority to stop the doomed flight , saying that was Bolivia 's civil aviation agency . She said instead authorising the flight , she had tried to stop it , accusing unnamed superiors a cover-up . \" I was subjected harassment and pressure my superiors ... who ordered me to change the content the report which hours earlier [ the flight ] I had presented ,\" she wrote . \" Based a careful examination , I had made five observations , one the most important which referred the fuel economy the flight , which happened to be equal the flight time . \" Bolivia 's Public Works Minister , Milton Claros , dismissed Ms Castedo 's allegations . \" There were no observations made the flight plan ,'' Associated Press quoted him saying , the minister accusing Castedo fabricating the document the crash to cover-up her own errors . Other Bolivian officials have urged the Brazilian authorities to return her , one saying Ms Castedo was trying to escape justice . The head the flight 's operator , Gustavo Vargas , has been arrested the crash . Just six people survived . One them , crew member Erwin Tumuri , said an initial stop refuelling the northern Bolivian city Cobija had been dropped the pilot . There was no warning the crew or the passengers the plane was facing electrical or fuel problems , Mr Tumuri told Brazil 's Globo TV .", "The woman , 37-year-old Wu Shuoyan , is alleged to have been killed last May simply refusing to hand her phone number cult members . The murder , filmed CCTV and mobile phones , sparked outrage . The Church the Almighty God cult is banned China but claims to have millions members . Following the brutal killing May , Chinese authorities said they detained hundreds members the cult , reports the BBC 's Martin Patience Beijing . Interviewed prison later , one the defendants , Zhang Lidong showed no remorse . He said : \" I beat her all my might and stamped her too . She was a demon . We had to destroy her . \" The group had entered a small McDonalds branch Zhaoyuan Shandong province last May soliciting phone numbers and hoping to recruit members their cult . Ms Wu was waiting the restaurant her seven-year-old son and when she refused to give her number , an act which prompted the beating they screamed other diners to keep away or they would face the same fate . The public face the Church the Almighty God is a website full uplifting hymns and homilies . But its core belief is God has returned earth a Chinese woman to wreak the apocalypse . The only person who claims direct contact this god is a former physics teacher , Zhao Weishan , who founded the cult 25 years ago and has since fled the United States , says BBC China Editor Carrie Gracie . No-one knows exactly where he is , but much the website 's message outright hostility the Chinese government is delivered English as well Chinese . The cult complains religious faith has suffered persecution the Communist Party . the McDonald 's murder , public outrage has forced the authorities to increase pressure the Church the Almighty God almost daily arrests and raids .", "About 1,000 people gathered to observe a minute silence and light candles front the Senedd . There are 2,000 French people living south Wales registered the French consulate London . Marie Brousseau-Navarro , the Honorary Consul France Cardiff , said messages support had been touching . She said : \" We are united shock and united sorrow ... And united all the people who have marched the world . \" Saleem Kidwai , chairman the Muslim Council Wales was applauded the crowd he told them to \" stand together shoulder shoulder \" . \" My condemnation is absolute ,\" he said . \" We will eventually win and truth wins falsehood and light darkness . \" First Minister Carwyn Jones was the many to hold a candle the silence , others held pencils . The silence was marked the end an applause . Earlier , he said : \" The vigil Cardiff Bay tonight is an opportunity the people Wales to pay their respects those who lost their lives the truly abhorrent attack Paris . \" It is also a chance to show solidarity the people France and all those who believe upholding our democratic values and freedoms that are threatened such senseless acts terror . \" Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb tweeted earlier : \" Standing the French community Wales and support freedom speech everywhere . 6pm this eve . Senedd , Cardiff . # CharlieHebdo \" a show unity , London landmarks have been lit the colours the French national flag . And world leaders have gathered Paris a huge unity march involving one million people , dwarfing Saturday 's marches that saw 700,000 take the streets . Saturday , Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis dedicated his side 's goal the 1-1 draw West Ham the victims the Paris terror attacks . Wales' police forces and media organisations held a minute 's silence to support those attacked the Charlie Hebdo massacre Paris Wednesday . A police officer was killed Thursday and French forces stormed two separate hostage sites and Paris , killing three hostage takers , Friday . \" We have been really moved the hundreds messages support and condolences ,\" said Ms Brousseau-Navarro . \" Most all we appreciate the support and solidarity . \"", "The 58-year-old moved his position chief executive director football earlier this year . Spireites director Ashley Carson said the role was now \" redundant \" . Turner , who joined Chesterfield 2011 , told the club website : \" I am very disappointed to be leaving Chesterfield , but I can understand the situation and I leave good terms . \"", "The Conservatives want a report the spending the 218 \" procurement cards \" used government spending . A further \u00a3 475,540 was spent the first three months 2015 / 16 . A review was conducted April 2014 , but Welsh ministers said they do not publish the results internal audits . However , all internal audits are shared the public spending watchdog , the Wales Audit Office . Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies said : \" Unfortunately , the minister [ Finance Minister Jane Hutt ] is refusing to publish that report , which leaves a number questions unanswered : is the taxpayer getting value money ? \" The Tories say they would encourage public bodies to publish all spending more \u00a3 500 . A Welsh government spokesman said : \" the audit process the Welsh government annual accounts , the Wales Audit Office has the opportunity to review all the Welsh government 's financial transactions . \" Mr Davies is suggesting civil servants are improperly using procurement cards then he should raise his concerns the permanent secretary . \"", "The \u00a3 40m Pentland Studios project would offer studio space and production facilities the Straiton area the city . Creative Scotland has ringfenced \u00a3 1m the cost a Scottish studio , the Scottish government has pledged a further \u00a3 2m loan . Several organisations are interested turning other sites studios .", "The city council has proposed owners face harsher fines dog fouling and is asking the public to take part a consultation . Dogs could be banned play areas parks and owners set limits the number dogs they take walks public . Authorised officers would also have the power to request dogs be put a lead . Councillor John Tanner , board member the Cleaner Greener Oxford campaign , said : \" There is nothing more annoying getting dog mess your shoe or the wheels the pushchair . \" Oxford City Council wants to get tough irresponsible dog owners . \" The consultation runs 31 January and a report is presented the city 's executive board March . approved , the new dog control orders would come effect 1 April .", "Officials Staffordshire County Council and the university said the historic building , the town centre , would become an information centre prospective students . A number courses will also be taught there . The courtroom and an art gallery housed the Grade II-listed building will remain open the public . Campaigners drew a petition the council announced it was considering closing the exhibition space to save money .", "A rare magnitude-four earthquake hit Greenland 's west coast Sunday , producing a surge water that swept away homes and led reports a number people missing . Joint Arctic Command , the group tasked the search and rescue mission , has since published images the aftermath the disaster and told the BBC it continues to monitor the situation , warning further incidents could take place . Homes were submerged and washed away a tsunami hit the village Nuugaatsiaq , north-western Greenland . Rescuers used liferafts to sweep the area four people were reported missing . A number injuries were also reported 39 people were evacuated Nuugaatsiaq . The surge water is believed to have swept away 11 homes the small village . The authorities said the tsunami was caused a magnitude-four earthquake , which is rare the area . Police chief Bj\u00c3 \u00b8 rn Tegner Bay said he was unable to confirm there had been fatalities . Meteorologists said it was \" not normal \" such an earthquake to hit Greenland and warned aftershocks .", "It happened about 12:30 BST . The victim died the scene . Another man is a critical condition . The road is expected to remain closed a number hours a thorough investigation the crash is carried .", "Mrs May will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president his inauguration . A post-Brexit free trade deal is thought likely to be high her agenda she travels the US talks . Confirmation the meeting came hundreds thousands people the world joined women 's marches to protest Mr Trump 's presidency . Mr Trump 's press secretary Sean Spicer gave details Mrs May 's visit his first briefing journalists the White House Saturday . Earlier , visiting the CIA 's headquarters , President Trump said the PM \" is coming over our country very shortly \" . Nato , the European Union , defence and Russia are all likely to be discussed the meeting . The BBC 's political correspondent Iain Watson said the \" symbolism will be very important \" and Brexit negotiations about to get way , the fact Mrs May will be meeting the new president so soon will be \" politically significant \" . Our correspondent said there had been a lot effort to make sure Mrs May was one the first leaders President Trump would meet . December the PM 's joint chiefs staff , Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill , travelled the US to build links the incoming president 's team ahead his inauguration 20 January . Theresa May congratulates Trump taking office a statement issued the inauguration , Mrs May said : \" our conversations date , I know we are both committed advancing the special relationship our two countries and working together the prosperity and security people both sides the Atlantic . \" I look forward discussing these issues and more when we meet Washington . \" Mrs May has promised to hold \" very frank \" discussions Mr Trump . She told the Financial Times she believed the new president recognised the importance and significance Nato and the \" importance the co-operation we have Europe to ensure our collective defence and collective security \" . the day his inauguration , least 500,000 people gathered a rally the US Capitol building Washington organisers said an estimated 100,000 descended central London Saturday similar events were staged major cities the US and the world .", "A monthly travelcard costs \u00a3 135 ($ 174 ) , according a Deutsche Bank report - \u00a3 33 ($ 43 ) more Dublin , which was ranked second priciest city . Auckland , where a ticket costs \u00a3 95 ($ 123 ) , came third , New York City , \u00a3 91 ($ 118 ) , came fourth , and Tokyo fifth \u00a3 86 ($ 111 ) . Transport London ( TfL ) said the findings did \" not show the true cost transport other countries \" . The survey also found the cost travel the capital dropped 2014 , when commuters paid \u00a3 165 ($ 213 ) . Source : Deutsche Bank Its authors ranked London tenth most expensive petrol , and the third car hire . Hong Kong had the priciest petrol , Amsterdam was the most expensive a daily car rental , the report said . London 's taxis fared slightly better , ranked 20th a list 47 cities , Zurich topping the list the most expensive fares . quality life , London was ranked 33rd the world , similar other \" mega cities \" such Tokyo , Paris and New York . According the report , these cities \" rank very low \" quality life , mostly \" high living costs , crime , pollution and commuting time \" . \" This is highly subjective and one person 's long commute may be another person 's chance to catch Netflix ,\" the report said . \" Megacity dwellers may also forsake short-term quality life aspirational reasons ,\" the report added . Wellington , New Zealand , was ranked the best city to live terms quality life , followed Edinburgh , Vienna . Melbourne and Zurich . February , TfL revealed its fares income was down \u00a3 90m last year . TfL is currently planning to cut \u00a3 16bn its budget 2020 / 21 it aims to become self sufficient its operating costs . The Mayor London , Sadiq Khan , has frozen fares buses and trams 2020 , but travelcard prices are set train operating companies and so are not full TfL control . A TfL spokesman said : \" London also has one the most extensive set travel concessions the world free or discounted travel children , the over-60s , students and veterans . \"", "The Gills , who finished 20th League One last season , have signed eight players so far this summer . But having started the season a 0-0 draw Doncaster and a 2-0 loss Reading , Pennock wants more recruits . \" They 've got to be the right players , the right characters and more importantly they 've got to be good players ,\" Pennock , 46 , said . \" Everybody is pulling together the right direction - it 's a good changing room and we can add two or three more I 'll be very happy . \" the club are still the lookout new additions , Pennock is pleased those who have already arrived . Gillingham have brought defenders Gabriel Zakuani , Luke O'Neill , Connor Ogilvie and Alex Lacey , strikers Liam Nash , Conor Wilkinson and Tom Eaves and midfielder Billy Bingham . \" Overall , I 'm happy every single one them - all the new lads who have come in have contributed what we 've done , they 've been absolutely first-class ,\" Pennock told BBC Radio Kent . \" I think it 's pushed the others who were here last year as well . The whole club the moment is a good place . \"", "It will add more 100 titles Steam 's online store and streaming service , including The Hunger Games , Twilight , and Saw franchises . The full range is available US users initially , European customers having access a small selection . Lionsgate said availability would increase a global rollout . Steam , which is owned game developer Valve , is the most popular digital games retailer , more 125 million users . The platform sells games direct download , extra gaming features a friends' list and voice communication , built the client . It 's not the first time Steam has released video its store . Game trailers and advertisements have been available years , and it previously released gaming-related documentaries Free Play and Indie Game : The Movie . It also struck a deal to sell the Mad Max film franchise to coincide the release the video game the same name last year . The deal Lionsgate , however , is the first large-scale agreement a major production company . A spokesperson Valve said Lionsgate 's blockbuster franchises represent the type entertainment it hopes will drive the continued expansion their content catalogue . launch , the worldwide selection is limited 11 older titles , priced \u00c2 \u00a3 3.49 - \u00c2 \u00a3 5.59 a 48-hour rental - line other online rental prices new releases . some its competitors , however , Steam operates almost any computer platform - including Linux and Mac - but does not yet offer its streaming service mobile apps . \" Valve has a track record diversifying games its Steam platform selling other forms software and a company is willing to test various technologies and commercial models to see what works ,\" said Piers Harding-Rolls , head games research IHS Technology . \" Steam also offers a global distribution platform users all major markets and , now , very little video content competition . It also aligns Valve 's move virtual reality Steam VR , where platforms are taking advantage 2D video content which is being consumed VR headsets . \" I think this is a smart move Lionsgate and could deliver a decent incremental revenue stream its catalogue . \"", "those detained is his brother-in-law and one the two pilots who flew Guzman his home state . Mexico 's attorney general said a member Guzman 's legal team , described the mastermind , was also arrested . Guzman , head the Sinaloa cartel , escaped a high-security prison a specially dug tunnel . Attorney General Arely Gomez told reporters Wednesday the suspected mastermind the escape had repeatedly entered Altiplano prison to visit Guzman and update him the operation 's progress . She also said Guzman 's brother-in-law had supervised the construction the mile-long escape tunnel and organised transport . \" Today we are able to affirm the group responsible planning , organising and carrying the escape the prison has been broken ,\" Ms Gomez said , naming the suspects . The development comes days officials revealed the drugs lord had suffered face and leg injuries when he narrowly evaded a police operation to recapture him north-west Mexico earlier this month . Ms Gomez confirmed Wednesday his escape , Guzman travelled land the city Queretaro , where he caught a small plane his home state Sinaloa . His escape was an embarrassment Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto , who Guzman taunted Twitter the event . Several prison officials have already been arrested suspicion giving inside help Guzman , who fled a tunnel that ran 1.5km a shower his cell the prison . Guzman was first arrested Guatemala 1993 and spent nearly a decade another maximum-security Mexican jail escaping , reportedly a laundry basket . He was the run 13 years being held again 2014 a series high-profile arrests associates and covert surveillance the US authorities .", "Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries . It will also have community facilities which will be available the public . Highland Council said its contractor Hub North Scotland ( Wick ) Ltd had informed it delays affecting the completion the site . The local authority said : \" Regrettably it seems unlikely the campus will be ready to open October , envisaged . \" Highland Council intends the best facilities possible children and staff , and will not accept these buildings work is completed . \" The council is working the contractor to determine what the earliest possible date is completion the whole Wick Joint Campus project , and will make further announcements as soon possible . \"", "Ministers want all pupils England to study maths , English , science , one history or geography and a modern language GCSE . But some young people \" will find it a problem \" Sir Michael Wilshaw , told the Times Educational Supplement ( TES ) . Sir Michael said vocational subjects would suit some pupils better . particular he questioned the academic subjects included the government 's Ebacc would be the best thing pupils who wanted to take apprenticeships when they left school . \" I can think youngsters , even the highest-performing schools , who will find it a problem and who would have been better suited to do English , maths and science and a range vocational subjects ,\" he told the magazine . June , the Education Secretary Nicky Morgan confirmed she wants all pupils to have to study the five traditional subjects included the Ebacc school performance measure . According Mrs Morgan the move would ensure all pupils received a rigorous academic education and avoid pupils disadvantaged backgrounds being put academic subjects . addition , the Conservative manifesto pledges schools which do not have 100 % pupils studying this set subjects GCSE should not be able to obtain Ofsted 's top rating \" outstanding \" . Both policies will be subject a government consultation later the autumn . Sir Michael told the TES he agreed more young people should be studying these subjects - but said the combination was not suitable everyone . The Association School and College Leaders , which represents secondary heads , welcomed Sir Michael 's challenge government policy . General Secretary Brian Lightman said the union shared his concerns . He said a recent survey the union found almost 90 % school leaders disagreed making these subjects compulsory all pupils . \" It is unfair young people to take a one-size-fits-all approach their education . \" We are concerned creative , technology and vocational subjects will be squeezed the curriculum . \" Mr Lightman said the union would urge ministers to make the choice GCSE subjects more flexible . The Department Education said an additional league table measure , Progress 8 , allows pupils to study a wider range subjects . \" part Progress 8 , pupils will be able to study three our new gold-standard Tech Awards which will provide a real foundation progression vocational courses including apprenticeships ,\" said a spokesman .", "The base will be home HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince Wales , the largest ships ever built the navy . Work Portsmouth 's jetty , built the 1920s and last upgraded the 1970s , has begun , upgrades expected to be completed next autumn . It forms part a \u00c2 \u00a3 100m infrastructure package to prepare the base the arrival the first carrier . HMS Queen Elizabeth measures 280m ( 300 yards ) long and can travel 500 miles ( 800km ) a day . The ship 's systems are being tested and it will conduct sea trials next year being handed the Royal Navy . It is expected to come service 2020 . HMS Prince Wales is being constructed shipyards the UK it is assembled Rosyth . Once completed , the revamped naval base is expected to create hundreds jobs Portsmouth . November 2013 , BAE Systems announced it was ending shipbuilding Portsmouth , leading 585 voluntary redundancies , 160 compulsory redundancies , and the redeployment 175 members staff .", "Stuart Hamilton , 37 , was last seen his friends and family two weeks ago . Hamilton , Gorgie Edinburgh , was seen CCTV Haymarket Station Sunday 10:16 . He then travelled train Manchester . He was then spotted a former colleague Buckingham Palace London Tuesday 13:30 . Mr Hamilton is white and medium build . He is about 6ft 2in short , dark , receding hair . He was last seen wearing a blue top a black hooded top , blue jeans and white trainers . He was also carrying a dark rucksack . Police Scotland has been working Greater Manchester Police and the Metropolitan Police Service . Insp Jonathan Elliot , Police Station , said : \" We are continuing our search Stuart , which has now moved London . \" Anyone who knows Stuart 's whereabouts either Edinburgh , Manchester or London , or recognises his description , is asked to contact police immediately . \"", "The angel shark , once widespread Europe , is now listed critically endangered , waters the Canary Islands the only place they are frequently seen . But there have been increasing sightings the Welsh coast . Fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches the shark . They are also being given advice Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) scientists how to safely handle and release them . Angel sharks can grow about 2.5m ( 8ft ) length . They are also known monk or monkfish fishermen the region . They are not threatening humans , living mainly sand or mud the bottom the sea and preying small fish and molluscs . Ben Wray , marine biodiversity ecologist NRW , said : \" We know very little the ecology the shark Welsh waters the moment - the population could be present all year round , or only part the year . \" The fact commercial fishermen and anglers the coast Wales are helping us this research is really important . \" We hope the data we gather will help us build a much better picture the situation and help our work to conserve these amazing creatures . \"", "29 July 2016 Last updated 08:38 BST It 's now reached the Pacific Ocean and video filmed a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock the Kilauea volcano falling the cliffs . Officials there say the lava is n't putting any towns danger but have warned tourists to keep their distance .", "Denis O'Brien obtained the injunction to stop RT\u00c9 reporting details his personal finances and relationship former Anglo Irish Bank . Last week , a judge granted permission the media to report details Mr O'Brien's finances made privilege the D\u00e1il ( parliament ) . RT\u00c9 lawyers said a result there was no need the injunction to remain . The media mogul 's fortune is estimated to be \u00a3 5bn . Following the granting the injunction , the purchase one Mr O'Brien's companies was discussed the D\u00e1il . The comments were made TD Catherine Murphy privilege . She said Mr O'Brien owed the former Anglo Irish Bank , now the nationalised Irish Bank Resolution Corporation ( IBRC ) , upwards 500m euro (\u00a3 362m ) . Ms Murphy , an independent left-wing TD , said Mr O'Brien was attempting to pay loans back an interest rate just 1 % , when it was arguable the correct rate should be 7 % . response her comments , lawyers RT\u00c9 and the Irish Times returned the high court to seek clarity her remarks could be reported light the injunction . A judge told the media organisations he never intended nor could he order any interference what a TD may say privilege the D\u00e1il . The application RT\u00c9 to have the injunction discharged relates a planned broadcast regarding certain information regarding Mr O'Brien's relationship IBRC . Lawyers Mr O'Brien said they accepted following comments made the Sinn F\u00e9in TD Pearse Doherty the D\u00e1il Tuesday evening , there was nothing the proposed RT\u00c9 script that had been injuncted that warranted further restraint . The lawyer added as far he was concerned , the script its entirety could be published , a result events that had happened the courtroom . Tuesday , Mr Doherty gave details what he said were documents related Mr O'Brien's IBRC loans a debate the D\u00e1il . The Sinn F\u00e9in finance spokesman said he had documents which led questions the way IBRC was run the public interest .", "A team statement said Henao , 28 , had been contacted cycling 's governing body and an anti-doping agency data August 2011 and June 2015 . The Colombian said he was \" beyond disappointed \" , having missed three months 2014 similar concerns . \" I know who I am , how hard I have worked and the sacrifices I have made to be where I am today ,\" he added . Henao was voluntarily withdrawn Team Sky 2014 they carried research the biological characteristics riders who live and train high altitude . They said the results revealed nothing to raise suspicions wrongdoing . Team Sky stressed Henao had not failed a doping test and had been withdrawn the \" very obvious distraction him \" . \" We continue to support Sergio and remain confident the independent scientific research which was undertaken ,\" the team added . \" It is our hope this can be looked and resolved quickly all the relevant authorities Sergio can start racing again soon . \" A specialist climber , Henao signed Team Sky 2012 and finished the top 10 his first Grand Tour , the 2012 Giro d'Italia .", "Kevin Patrick Dawes , 33 , was abducted 2012 he entered Syria . US officials told the Washington Post the Syrian government never acknowledged detaining Mr Dawes , but they believe the government or an affiliated group was holding him . The State Department said Mr Dawes was turned Russian authorities . The Russia government has been backing the government President Bashar al-Assad a civil war , which is now its sixth year . The Czech government , which represents US diplomatic interests Syria , helped secure his release . State Department spokesman John Kirby said the US is working the Czech officials to free Austin Tice and other missing or detained Americans Syria . Mr Tice , a journalist , disappeared August 2012 working Syria . He appeared blindfolded a video a month his abduction but has not been heard since .", "Jason Van Dyke was heckled he arrived court where he denied six counts first-degree murder . Video released earlier this year showing the shooting Laquan McDonald sparked an outcry and the resignation the chief police . A federal investigation the city 's police is way a national debate the police use force . The inquiry will explore race plays a part the police use force and officers are properly held accountable . McDonald , who was 17 the time , was armed a knife when he was stopped police . But the dashcam footage showed him moving away police when Mr Van Dyke opened fire . Step-by-step guide what happened How a whistleblower brought the police chief Days protests followed the release the video , which President Barack Obama said was \" disturbing \" . There were calls Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel to resign and Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy quit his job . Saturday , Mr Emanuel said the city \" deserved answers \" a police officer accidentally shot and killed a 55-year-old woman when responding a domestic disturbance . According the Washington Post , Bettie Jones was also known a community activist who spoke issues such police brutality .", "BBC Wales Sport understands the Gills made an enquiry Byrne , Edinburgh changed his mind a player he brought Rodney Parade . Edinburgh opted to end the pursuit respect his old club , who he managed 2011-2015 , not to weaken their battle relegation . They are currently 20th League Two , seven points the relegation zone . Meanwhile , Newport have confirmed the release defender Matt Taylor . The 34-year old joined Cheltenham the summer but made just five appearances the south Wales club . \" Further recent discussions , we can confirm Matt Taylor will leave the Club immediate effect having mutually agreed to terminate his contract ,\" a statement the club read . Taylor is understood to be a target Torquay United .", "This baby can survive a 1400 revolutions minute spin the washing machine . You could say it makes easy laundering . The Bank England says it is cleaner and more secure the cotton paper notes which have been used the past 100 years . But we 're a conservative lot Northern Ireland : Perhaps we like our lucre filthy . people Northern Ireland , plastic fivers are nothing new . To celebrate the Millennium , the old Northern Bank ( now Danske ) introduced the slippery clean fiver local pockets 2000 . Two million the notes were issued October 1999 . It did not fold quite the same the back trouser pocket . But then again , neither did it attract the dirt fingers fumbling a greasy till or handbag quite the same degree . That was more 16 years ago , and the trusty paper notes are still going strong . you get a polymer note these days Belfast , look and you might see a pig soar city hall . 2005 , the Northern Bank reprinted all its bank notes shortly \u00a3 26.5m was stolen its head office the IRA . The plastic fiver was the only type note not replaced . Paul Black Danske Bank said when the plastic fiver was introduced , it meant Northern Bank was \" away ahead its time . \" \" We wanted to be innovative and be first the market . time that was eroded a little , other banks did not follow . the time it was quite popular ,\" he said . \" It did create a real buzz . People found it unusual . They compared it monopoly money . \" the backs which sofas do the lost plastic fivers reside ? Who knows ? But a well-known internet auction site one seller is asking \u00a3 125 the plastic note . The governor the Bank England , Mark Carney , said the new note would be cleaner , safer and stronger . \" The use polymer means it can better withstand being repeatedly folded wallets or scrunched pockets , and can also survive a spin the washing machine ,\" he said . the notes are not indestructible , they are expected to last an average five years compared the current fiver 's two years . New security features - such a transparent window - will make the note harder to counterfeit .", "\" I would n't say I 'm tough ... just lucky \" , said Reg Foggerdy who disappeared last month hunting a feral camel Western Australia . Police trackers found him sitting a tree 12 October , around 15km ( 9 miles ) where he went missing . A diabetic who recently had a heart attack , he said he had given hope . \" I 've heard people dying three days no water , I do n't know why I survived six days ,\" he told 7News . \" There was a piece me that wanted to lie there and pass away . I was thinking my family who would see me laying there . \" Wearing only a T-shirt , shorts , a cap and flip-flops , Mr Foggerdy became disorientated the fierce heat the desert chasing the camel . He said he poked a stick an ants nest and ate the insects nutrition , a tactic he said he learnt British survival expert Bear Grylls . \" They tasted quite good . the first day I had about 12 and the second day about 18 . they want to call me ant man I do n't care ,\" he said . The retired miner said he spotted police search helicopters several times , mustered all his energy to wave his hat the sky , but rescuers could not see him . the end , a local Aboriginal man provided police the vital clue - Mr Foggerdy 's slipper print . coming so close death , he says he has a new lease life . But asked he would return the site his ordeal he replied : \" I might go back and look me gun \" .", "Media playback is not supported this device Sadio Mane scored twice the space 138 seconds second-placed Spurs disappointed Anfield . \" you start a game we start then it is very difficult ,\" said Pochettino . \" It is difficult to fight the Premier League you show that lack desire to play a win . \" Chelsea can extend their lead the top they beat Burnley Turf Moor Sunday , and Pochettino added : \" Chelsea go 12 points clear , it is a big problem . \" Spurs have won just twice the road 24 September , including defeats Chelsea and Manchester United addition draws fellow top-six rivals Arsenal and Manchester City . their past 17 meetings the other top-six sides away home , Pochettino 's team have won just once . \" the first 45 minutes you saw a team that is not ready to fight the Premier League ,\" the Argentine told BT Sport . \" We are a position that is us . But you show like today you cannot cope the pressure then it is difficult to challenge and fight the Premier League . \" Former Liverpool and Spurs midfielder Danny Murphy Match the Day \" I could n't believe what I was watching , they had the best defensive record last season and the joint best this year , but they were all the place . the big sides they have played a back three but they had a back four today , but I think they should have stuck what they have done the big sides - play a three . \" It was so Spurs , they do so well home , but the contrast is amazing . There 's a lack pace , and a different mindset when they go away home . They have to improve and quickly . \"", "Swiss Xhaka , 24 , is believed to have been a friend who had visited him London and was returning home . The man is understood to have arrived late his flight back Germany and was not allowed to board . It is this point the racial abuse is alleged to have occurred . Arsenal have declined to comment other to say it is a private matter that is now the hands the police . A spokesman the Metropolitan Police told the BBC : \" Police were called 19:29 GMT Monday , 23 January following an allegation a member staff had been racially abused Heathrow Airport , Terminal Five . \" The allegation was made a third party . Officers attended and spoke a man his 20s . He was not arrested . He voluntarily attended a west London police station where he was interviewed caution . Enquires continue . \" The incident occurred just 24 hours Xhaka was sent his team 's 2-1 victory Burnley the Premier League .", "Alexander Ankvab reportedly retreated his home town Gudauta , 40km ( 25 miles ) away , when talks the opposition broke . Many people the Russian-backed region are unhappy the ailing economy and lack reforms . But Abkhazian nationalist feeling is also fuelling the unrest . Michael CecireForeign Policy Research Institute The 2014 Sochi Olympics were billed a way boosting the economy bringing tourism Abkhazia or sourcing materials construction , but the most noticeable effect was actually a source frustration : the expanded security cordon that penetrated the Russia-Abkhazia border . Some economic problems can certainly be attributed the de facto government , but it is Russia that has the real power to improve conditions . example , the Moscow-financed building boom Chechnya has improved material conditions ( even human rights remain a deep problem ) , but nothing comparable has happened Abkhazia . However , the opposition 's chief point contention is Alexander Ankvab 's more liberal ( relatively speaking ) policy ethnic Georgians Abkhazia . He has advocated more fully integrating them , granting them Abkhazian \" citizenship \" . The opposition has painted this a purely political ploy to expand his electoral base and say it could endanger Abkhazia 's ethnic Abkhazian identity . Analysis : Unrest Abkhazia The protesters are led Raul Khadzhimba , a former prime minister and vice-president Abkhazia , who was defeated Mr Ankvab elections August 2011 . The Black Sea coastal region is recognised a state only Russia and a few other countries . It broke away Georgia a civil war more 20 years ago and declared formal independence 2008 . then , it has relied militarily and financially Russia . Russia is reportedly sending two senior officials , presidential aide Vladislav Surkov and deputy security council secretary Rashid Nurgaliyev , Sukhumi response the crisis . Opinion the opposition is said to be divided those who want Abkhazia to rely less Russia and those who instead want it to become part Russia . Mr Ankvab accused the opposition attempting a coup Tuesday and said the security forces remained \" loyal the state \" and were \" taking measures to stabilise the situation \" . Raul Khadzhimba defended the protests , saying : \" all the years his rule the president did not allow anybody his circle to do their work . \" He took himself everybody 's responsibilities their behalf , he should or should not have been doing this . That led our country fact becoming an authoritarian regime . a statement , the Russian foreign ministry said : \" The Russian side is following events closely and concern ... and considers it important socio-political processes develop exclusively legal lines . \"", "Anagha Nikam was travelling rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk her baby daughter . She tweeted the ministry and asked help , and milk was provided the next station . The ministry is known being proactive Twitter , and has helped many distressed passengers the past . The baby born a bank queue India 's cash crisis Mother names baby born taxi ' Uber ' Ms Nikam 's Twitter communication Konkan Railway , a division Indian Railways , happened 12 March , but the story came light the ministry tweeted it Thursday . She was travelling the Happa Express the western state Maharashtra when she used social media to seek help the family . Here is how her Twitter exchange rail staff unfolded : Ms Nikam was not the only who thanked the officials - others praised the ministry too being proactive .", "The video You 're Love A Psycho sees band members dancing a mental institution presenter Noel Fielding and Taboo actor Stephen Graham . Mental health campaigners Time Change said the video played a \" sad and tired \" stereotype . The BBC has contacted Kasabian a response . The video sees the celebrity stars and Kasabian band members wearing flesh-coloured hospital gowns and taking medication gathering their fellow residents an aerobics-inspired dance routine . Time Change , a movement trying to change public attitude people mental health problems , said the video - combined the use the word psycho - was \" unhelpful \" . Singer Tom Meighan has previously talked his own mental health . an interview Q magazine , he discussed the impact a friend 's death and how he made himself ill . Director Time Change , Sue Baker , said : \" so many musicians have recently talked openly their experiences mental health problems it is disappointing to see this video . \" The use the word ' psycho ' a song and accompanying music video featuring people pretending to be psychiatric inpatients is unhelpful , damaging and disappointing when society is moving this sad and tired stereotype . \" She said the harm may have been \" unintentional , or misjudged irony \" , the video will \" only serve to fuel stigma \" . Ms Baker added : \" fans think it is OK to call people mental health problems who have been psychiatric inpatients ' psychos ' , then we are turning the tide progress public attitudes that are more respectful and less judgemental people living mental health problems . \" We are keen to work the band and the music industry to help shift outdated stereotypes and stigma . \" You 're Love A Psycho is the first single Kasabian 's forthcoming sixth album , Crying Loud .", "Nearly 25,000 signatures - 10 % Cardiff 's voters - are needed to force a vote the issue . But Labour councillor Ashley Govier told BBC Wales only about 8,000 have been collected . Cardiff council 's Labour group said it was \" willing to take the lead public opinion this issue \" . The Mayor Cardiff campaign was launched earlier this year a budget more \u00c2 \u00a3 20,000 . Daran Hill , the campaign , said the time an elected mayor was a \" new , fresh idea \" that could \" energise the people Cardiff \" . There are currently 17 directly-elected mayors England more the way , but there are none Wales . Mr Govier , a councillor Cardiff 's Grangetown ward , said the debate has \" moved \" and a regional mayor was now needed . \" We 're not going to hit the target , especially the council refused to allow online petitions ,\" he said . \" We feel we 've moved the debate and the focus now needs to switch a regional mayor south east Wales . We have to go bigger . \" Mr Govier claimed the Cardiff Capital Region City Deal - a funding package agreed UK , Welsh and local government worth \u00c2 \u00a3 1.2bn 20 years - was beginning to stall \" governance \" . \" The region has to work together infrastructure and transport ,\" he said . \" A regional mayor is needed . \" He added there are \" sympathetic ears the region and political parties \" . Ceredigion is the only Welsh local authority to have had a referendum the matter . Voters there rejected the idea 2004 a margin nearly three one . A spokeswoman Cardiff council 's Labour group said : \" Cardiff Labour are willing to take the lead public opinion this issue , and we have seen there is very little interest introducing a further level bureaucracy . \" The City Deal is definitely not stalling and is moving forward , uncertainty caused Brexit . \" It will be a huge boost Cardiff and the region , and suggestions the contrary are just mischief making . \" A Wales Office spokesman said : \" The Cardiff City Deal is the biggest its kind the UK and we are confident this ambitious project is target . \" The Welsh Government declined to comment response Mr Govier 's comments .", "Gosport 's HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse are 91 Ministry Defence sites now set to close - 35 were previously earmarked . The town 's borough council said the loss more 1,000 sailors the area would affect the economy . Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon announced the closures Monday . He the closures would deliver better value money and release enough land the UK to build 55,000 homes . It is also estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 140m will be saved the next decade selling the sites , which Sir Michael said would be reinvested creating \" areas military expertise \" locations the country , including a specialised infantry group Aldershot . Leader Gosport Borough Council , Mark Hook , said : \" We are relieved the majority jobs will remain the area , but we 'll lose the economic benefits having more 1,000 sailors based the town . \" He admitted the authority could not stop the sale the land , but said it would work to get the \" best possible outcomes \" the town . He said it would be \" seeking assurances \" the MoD the sites could be redeveloped business use . \" We need to reduce the impact the area using these sites to create business spaces that will bring them opportunities and jobs to benefit local people ,\" he said . Unions have described the plans - which are part a review Ministry Defence land - \" brutal \" and have also promised to fight the closures .", "HM Revenue & Customs said the plant , the outskirts the city centre , could have cost taxpayers nearly \u00c2 \u00a3 138m a year lost duty and taxes . Four lorry loads tobacco , cigarettes and packing materials have been seized . Ten men , aged 26 and 40 Brazil and Paraguay , were detained suspicion immigration offences . Read more news Birmingham and the Black Country Customs officials said the building was kitted machinery able to produce and package cigarettes an industrial scale . The raid took place several days last week but details have only just been released . A number men were detained immigration enforcement officers . A nearby residence was also searched . Stuart Taylor , HMRC 's Fraud Investigation Service assistant director , said : \" Tobacco fraud costs the UK \u00c2 \u00a3 2.4 billion a year lost tax , money that should be funding vital public services the UK . \" Sajeela Naseer , Birmingham City Council 's head trading standards , said the investigation the cigarettes recovered was continuing .", "A report said the force was inadequate protecting vulnerable victims . Surrey Police boss Nick Ephgrave said the force was good preventing crime but this potentially came the expense investigations . Inspector Zoe Billingham said Surrey showed a \" commendably strong commitment keeping people safe harm \" . She said the force had strong , mature neighbourhood police teams who worked well councils , and neighbourhood officers had more training other forces . But she said : \" The way the force investigates more complex crime requiring specialist investigations is still not good enough . \" Many investigations that we reviewed were not an acceptable standard and there were long delays examining computers and mobile phones evidence . \" She said the force needed to improve its understanding the threat posed organised crime , improve its process mapping those groups , and fully mobilise its neighbourhood teams the fight organised crime . Mr Ephgrave , temporary chief constable , said the force was already tackling concerns increasing resources to protect the vulnerable , and providing more training , better process and use systems , and a culture change how the force operated . He said : \" None these things can provide an instant fix but together they are starting to deliver positive results . \" A separate report HM Inspectorate Constabulary ( HMIC ) December last year found Surrey Police 's approach protecting vulnerable people to be inadequate . Surrey police and crime commissioner Kevin Hurley said changes were already place , including a change chief constable . This month it emerged Mr Hurley had considered seeking Ms Owens' dismissal Surrey Police chief . She resigned last autumn to move her new role director general the National Crime Agency Mr Hurley said : \" When we look where the buck stops , it stays the team manager . \" But he said the force was already turning around , reductions robbery and burglary , improvements violent crime and rape investigations , praise the force 's action anti-social behaviour . The BBC has approached Ms Owens a comment . a previous response , she said blame apportioned her was \" ill-considered and inaccurate \" . \" I was selected my current role the Home Secretary a lengthy and thorough process and am now focused leading the National Crime Agency its fight to cut serious and organised crime ,\" she said .", "The corporation had charged users subscription fees to watch programmes the app Western Europe , Australia and Canada . However , it never came the US . Reports suggest American pay-TV operators had threatened to drop the BBC America channel the app had launched locally they believed it would cost them viewers . Both BBC America and the international edition iPlayer screen some the corporation 's best known programmes , including Doctor Who , Top Gear , Sherlock and David Attenborough 's natural history documentaries . Press releases had always described the online facility a \" pilot \" meant to provide \" consumer insights \" . BBC Worldwide - the broadcaster 's commercial arm - first announced it intended to pull support the Global iPlayer app October 2013 , saying it would instead focus making material available the BBC.com website . The corporation repeated the point its annual review last July , but now had not provided an exact shut-off date . \" announced July 2014 , the service will be closing this year planned ,\" said a spokeswoman . \" The service will close 26 June . \" She declined to provide usage statistics . The global iPlayer app was first made available an iOS app July 2011 but was never extended Apple 's platform . European users were charged a \u20ac 5.99 (\u00a3 4.30 ) monthly fee , Canadians and Australians were offered a slightly cheaper rate 6.99 Canadian dollars (\u00a3 3.70 ) and 7.49 Australian dollars (\u00a3 3.80 ) . The content provided was distinct that offered the UK version , including older shows the corporation 's library addition recently broadcast programmes . total , more 2,000 hours shows were offer the global edition iPlayer , including Gavin and Stacey , Fawlty Towers , Planet Earth and \" classic \" episodes Doctor Who . Users have been notified the switch-off , and auto-renewing subscriptions are being cancelled . \" We would like to thank all our subscribers using the service . We are now developing plans to launch new digital services multiple devices ,\" reads a statement BBC Worldwide 's site .", "The building Hammersmith 's Margravine Cemetery , London created 1869 , has been given Grade II listing . Families unable to immediately pay a burial previously used to keep dead relatives their homes , contributing cholera outbreaks the city . Historic England said the store was \" ghoulish and absolutely fascinating \" . Director listing Roger Bowdler said many had to keep their relatives' bodies their small cramped homes the early 1800s , \" so you 've got the living cheek-by-jowl the dead \" . The small octagonal building used holding the dead funerals , was an example the facilities proposed Edwin Chadwick , secretary the Poor Law Commission , who led a review sanitary conditions . The store also addressed people 's fears their relatives would be buried they had actually died . The use reception houses was phased the introduction undertakers the 1880s and the building is the sole survivor its kind the capital , according Historic England . Heritage minister Tracey Crouch said the building was \" an important part London 's history \" it \" gives us a glimpse how cholera outbreaks changed Victorian attitudes burials and public health . \" Receiving the listing could help secure funding any conservation work the reception house .", "The winning image , Hadi Asadi Iran , shows the US president wearing a jacket dollar bills and burning yellow hair . Organisers the Trumpism exhibition Tehran have held similar contests the past themes including the Islamic State group and the Holocaust . This year 's logo is based the Nazi emblem , a T instead a swastika . It encouraged many comparisons the US president and Nazism . \" The ' ism ' Trumpism is a reference racism and Nazism ,\" organiser Masuod Shojai Tabatabaei told the Associated Press . \" Many believe his remarks are similar Hitler . He has had a bad attitude media [ and ] refugees . \" The group 's Holocaust-themed cartoon contest last year drew condemnation Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu . But organisers said it was designed to highlight Western double standards free speech rather cast doubt the Nazi genocide . Others depictions this year 's competition drew Mr Trump 's promises to build a wall the US-Mexican border as well violence women and attacks the media . Entrants include several cartoonists the US and the UK . American Clayton Jones 's artwork shows the cover two copies Time magazine , one President Trump 's picture and the other Adolf Hitler . They are both are portrayed Time 's Person the Year Mr Trump telling Hitler : \" It is a great honor \" and return Hitler replies \" Ja . \"", "James Chester scored the decisive penalty Vale 's Richard Duffy the only man to miss the spot . 120 minutes , Vale matched Albion , who again left wantaway striker Saido Berahino their side . The Baggies' Salomon Rondon missed the best chance the game - hitting the crossbar close range .", "The 29-year-old joined the U 's a free May 2015 but has made only six appearances the League Two side . He spent part last season loan Stevenage and has also spent time Luton and Preston . \" I 'm very excited to be here . I 've worked hard pre-season and I 'm desperate to get back playing football ,\" Keane told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "Police Scotland said two men broke the farm house near Corsock , Castle Douglas , 23:30 Thursday and 01:00 Friday . They stole items including a number war medals , gold watches and antiques . Officers have appealed information and said the robbers may have been \" casing \" the property the raid . Det Sgt Graeme Robertson said : \" I believe whoever broke this house knew what they were looking - that is the medals , watches and antiques . \" Thankfully the householder , a woman , who was the house the time , was not injured but she is very upset what has happened . \" The men were described being well spoken , Scottish accents , average height and build and wearing dark clothing . One the men was wearing a balaclava and gloves . \" the rural location the house and the items taken , we believe the two men would have had to have the use a car . \" It is also entirely possible they may have been the area the break ' casing ' the house I would ask anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious behaviour the area this time , or anyone who may have been offered these items sale , to contact police . \"", "Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon \" My thoughts are everyone involved this tragic incident , and especially the friends and families the six people who lost their lives what is another sad day Glasgow and Scotland . \" Prime Minister David Cameron \" I 'm being kept fully briefed the major incident Glasgow . My thoughts are the families those involved and the emergency services . \" Labour leader Ed Miliband \" Terrible news Glasgow - my thoughts are all those affected this horrific accident . \" Secretary State Scotland Alistair Carmichael \" I share Scotland 's deep shock the horrible events Glasgow this afternoon . the eve the festive period , these are unimaginable scenes one the busiest parts our largest city . \" Church Scotland Moderator John Chalmers \" The news the city centre Glasgow just a few days Christmas is simply devastating . the second year a row Glaswegians will have to dig deep their reserves compassion and sympathy they support the families those who have been killed and injured today . \" Glasgow Archbishop Philip Tartaglia \" The circumstances could hardly be more tragic . I would ask any person faith to pray those who have died and their relatives and those who have been injured . \" Glasgow City Council leader Gordon Matheson \" This is a terrible tragedy and our thoughts and prayers are all those affected , particularly the families those who have lost their lives . \" Glasgow Lord Provost Sadie Docherty \" This is shocking and upsetting . My thoughts and prayers are the families those affected this terrible incident . \" Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy \" People Glasgow and the whole Scotland will be mourning this loss life so close Christmas . No words will be able to do justice the pain the families involved will be feeling this evening . \" Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson \" This is a terrible tragedy , right the heart Scotland 's biggest city . No-one expects ordinary people , to do some last-minute Christmas shopping , would fail to make it home .", "Ben Earl , Alex Mitchell and Josh Bayliss scored England 's tries , Max Malins adding one conversion . Asafo Aumua got three New Zealand 's 10 . Scotland took fifth place a 24-17 victory Australia , sealed a last-minute try Charlie Shiel . Wales beat Italy 25-24 to finish seventh , Ireland beat hosts Georgia 24-18 ninth . England had beaten Wales , Samoa and Australia top Pool A , a 24-22 victory South Africa booked their spot the final . New Zealand beat Scotland , Italy and Ireland to win Pool B , defeating France 39-26 the semi-finals . South Africa beat France 37-15 the third-place play-off .", "The carriageway was closed junction 15 Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services , congestion stretching back as far junction 15a Towcester . Police were called the incident about 18:45 BST Thursday and have also closed two northbound lanes . A Northamptonshire Police spokesman said traffic was being turned around an attempt to get it the motorway .", "Ross-shire Engineering has secured the potential investment the next five years supplying equipment Scottish Water . The firm Muir Ord has already created 100 new jobs to allow it meet the needs the utility company . The investment has also provided additional job security the existing 273 staff members . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visited the company 's premises Inverness Monday , following a tour Nigg Energy Park the Cromarty Firth . She said : \" Ensuring a strong rural economy is crucial Scotland 's success . \" This funding Ross-Shire Engineering has secured provides a hugely welcome boost providing skilled jobs and investment the Highlands , as well providing vital utility services Scotland 's homes and businesses . \" particular , I am delighted they will be investing their already strong apprenticeship job programme , providing vital training and employment young people living the Highlands a competitive jobs market . \" The first minister added : \" Last week when I set my Programme Government I promised to protect Scotland 's interests , particularly our economic interests , the wake the EU referendum . \" Driving sustainable economic growth is the heart that , and I am committed ensuring this government does all it can to ensure Scotland 's rural economy remains prosperous future generations . \"", "Marie Logie 's body was found her first-floor flat Green Gates , Leven , 20:00 Tuesday . She had last been seen alive 08:00 that day . Mrs Logie had sustained head injuries and was pronounced dead the scene the Scottish Ambulance Service . Her family paid tribute the \" beloved mother , grandmother and friend \" . They said Mrs Logie would be sadly missed , adding she was \" born , bred and lived the Leven area all her life \" . \" The family are assisting the police the investigation and wish to be left alone this difficult time ,\" they added . Detectives said there were no signs a break and so far no clear motive but they said Mrs Logie was murdered \" a brutal \" way . Mrs Logie was said to be independent , capable and was an active member the local church . She had spent the festive period one her sons England , returning home the new year . Police said Mrs Logie 's neighbour had spoken her the morning . She told the neighbour she was going the shops and then the hospital to visit a friend . When the neighbour did not hear Mrs Logie again he went to investigate and found her dead her home . Det Ch Insp Keith Hardie , Police Scotland , said : \" She had a brutal head injury . \" An 82-year-old woman the safety her own home being subjected such a brutal attack is horrendous . \" \" Whoever has been responsible causing Mary 's death has preyed a vulnerable and elderly member the community and we are pursuing various lines inquiry part this ongoing investigation . \" I would ask anyone who remembers seeing anything suspicious the Green Gates area the days and hours Mary was found contacts police immediately . \" addition , anyone any other information that can help us find Mary 's killer should also get touch . \" Mrs Logan 's local Church Scotland minister said the whole community had been \" shocked \" and \" stunned \" the murder . The Rev Gilbert Nisbet , Leven Parish Church , said : \" Mary was part the church community and very much involved the life the church . \" I have been the minister here nine years and she came virtually every Sunday and I would chat her the door . \" Mary was friendly and outgoing , a kind lady who was bright and interesting to talk . People are absolutely stunned . \"", "Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable carrying tons water to douse the fires . The series fast-spreading fires , mostly Chile 's central region , are being fanned strong winds , high temperatures and a prolonged drought . One town , Santa Olga , has been destroyed the blaze .", "The White House and state department said plans 300 new homes and an industrial zone were diminishing prospects a two-state solution the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Israel insisted fewer 100 homes had been approved . Its foreign ministry said the new homes would be built the area an existing settlement . Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) secretary general Saeb Erekat said Palestinians welcomed Washington 's criticism , they expected it \" to take real action \" . \" almost 50 years systematic Israeli colonisation and belligerent military occupation the State Palestine , the US must implement the necessary tools to end Israeli settlements , including the UN Security Council , end funding Israel , and stop funding settlements US-based organisations fuelling violence and discrimination Palestinians ,\" he said . 570,000 Israelis live more 100 settlements built Israel 's 1967 occupation the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The settlements are considered illegal international law , Israel disputes this . July , world powers warned \" perpetual occupation and conflict \" Israelis and Palestinians . \" The actions the Israeli government announcing this settlement undermine the pursuit peace ,\" said White House spokesman Josh Earnest . State department spokesman Mark Toner said the new settlement would be \" another step cementing a reality perpetual occupation \" that would \" further call question Israel 's commitment achieving a negotiated peace \" . It was \" deeply troubling \" , Mr Toner said , Israel had announced it so soon the US agreed last month a 10-year $ 38bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 30bn ) military aid package the country . However , Israel 's foreign ministry said the new units did not constitute a \" new settlement \" . \" This housing will be built state land the existing settlement Shilo and will not change its municipal boundary or geographic footprint ,\" a statement said . \" The real obstacle peace is not the settlements - a final-status issue that can and must be resolved negotiations the parties - but the persistent Palestinian rejection a Jewish state any boundaries ,\" it added . Palestinians want an independent state the West Bank and Gaza East Jerusalem its capital , and say settlements make this impossible .", "The three children were placed foster care the couple 's arrest counter-terrorism officers 2015 . Mr Justice Cobb said he was suspicious the parents were going areas controlled so-called Islamic State . But he said their \" attitude \" had \" genuinely changed \" and he concluded the children should return home . The judge , who is based the Family Division the High Court , said he was also satisfied the couple will meet their children 's needs . He said evidence showed being the family home will be their best interests . Details the case have emerged rulings published Mr Justice Cobb following private family court hearings Leeds . The judge did not identify the couple . He said they were London but lived the north-east England . Council social workers had asked him to make decisions where the children should live . The couple were arrested a car their children the Eurotunnel terminal Folkestone , Kent , the summer 2015 . They had not been accused any terrorism-related offences a result their arrest , but had faced fraud charges . The couple had told police they were travelling Germany to visit relatives , the man admitted he had been \" drawn radical extreme thinking \" . Mr Justice Cobb said evidence caused him \" very considerable concern \" and he said he was \" suspicious \" the couple had been heading areas the Middle East controlled IS . But he said suspicion was not enough . Mr Justice Cobb said he had been told how the couple had co-operated social services the children were taken foster care . The father said he accepted things he had said before were \" not appropriate \" and \" not a true expression Islam \" , and the mother had accepted views she expressed \" were wrong \" . \" I am sufficiently satisfied ... the attitudes these parents have genuinely changed ,\" said Mr Justice Cobb . \" I am satisfied the information placed me these parents [ will meet ] the needs these ... children all material respects . \" He added : \" All relevant considerations point the conclusion it is indeed the best interests the children they should [ be ] home the care their parents . \"", "The conditions endured chainmakers and their demands a minimum wage caused a national scandal and 1910 they held a strike . It lasted ten weeks and is credited changing the lives thousands workers earning poor wages . Artist Luke Perry , a family chainmakers , has created the statue more two years . Mr Perry 's statue was unveiled Friday morning Mary Macarthur park , named the trade unionist who led the women chainmakers 102 years ago . He said : \" It 's something which is a wonderful piece our history , but still , I do n't think enough people know it . \" The statue stands 10 ft ( 3 metres ) and weighs nearly three-and-a-half tonnes . The area 's links chain making are kept alive every month a rare surviving chain shop Mushroom Green the heart the Black Country . 2010 , a plaque honouring Mary Macarthur was put the park part the 100th anniversary events .", "The report warns a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead further radicalisation . Somalia 's Islamist al-Shabab militants are believed to be recruiting heavily neighbouring north-eastern Kenya . Kenya has seen a series militant attacks one a university earlier this year killed 148 people . the report does not mention where the returnees came , Deputy Secretary General the Supreme Council Kenya Muslims ( Supkem ) Hassan Ole Nadu has confirmed the BBC they were fighting al-Shabab . The 36-page report was compiled the IOM , Supkem and the Kenya 's interior ministry . Researchers found most adults joined the group voluntarily , nearly a third children interviewed said they were forced to enlist . The return the youth , the report says , provides both \" opportunities and threats and Kenyans \" . \" the one hand , they present an opportunity to counter the radicalising ideologies and recruitment strategies armed groups ,\" the report says . \" the other , the response the security forces is widely perceived to be promoting further radicalisation the returnees themselves believe they are unsafe and have limited reintegration options . \" Security the country was identified participants the main obstacle their successful reintegration the country . A total 185 respondents were interviewed , representing nearly 30 % the estimated total 684 returnees the country . The majority were 18 and 34 years old .", "She was a passenger a car that collided a lorry the Legacorry Road about 15:35 GMT Thursday . The woman who was driving the vehicle is a critical condition hospital . a separate incident , Moor Road Coalisland , County Tyrone , has been closed following a two-vehicle crash .", "The strike is a 1 % pay rise that was awarded last year all midwives England , Scotland and Wales . The Department Health said officials worked to ensure a safe service was provided the stoppage . It said midwives Northern Ireland had the same settlement colleagues England . \" we would like to be a position to have done more 2014 / 15 , it is important to recognise midwives and other non-medical staff received a minimum 1 % extra the average rise incremental progression being 3.7 % and some staff receiving 6.7 % more ,\" a spokesperson said . the most senior midwives Northern Ireland got the rise a one-off payment last March , those lower pay bands did not . Instead , most received the annual uplift \u00c2 \u00a3 1,500 . According the Royal College Midwives ( RCM ) , all midwives should receive the 1 % increase elsewhere the UK , regardless their band , as well the uplift salary that is built the pay system . It has emerged talks resumed Tuesday the Department Health and some the health unions . those negotiations have been described positive , further industrial action is planned , including claiming all overtime . Amy Leversidge the RCM said the department was \" being cheeky \" to suggest midwives Northern Ireland had received the same pay rise their English colleagues . She said staff higher pay bands had received a 1 % \" temporary uplift \" their basic pay February , but the start the financial year April , their pay went back 2013 levels . Incremental progression based experience and performance was a part the NHS pay structure rather a pay rise , the union 's employment relations adviser said . \" We do n't want to wait February 2016 to find what 's happening - we want to negotiate a solution now ,\" she said . Midwife Hazel McAllister told the BBC : \" We are not any less passionate , caring or hard-working colleagues other parts the UK who have gained this 1 % pay rise . \" We feel very undervalued the powers-that-be who have refused to pay this . \" I have been a midwife 37 years - it 's a fantastic profession but I would worry its future . \"", "Northumbria Police said the pair were arrested suspicion possessing indecent images . A spokesman said investigations were ongoing to \" ensure the safeguarding those involved \" and to check there was no ongoing risk exploitation . Both boys have been bailed pending further inquiries . Supt Sarah Pitt said the force was working schools South Tyneside to make children \" aware the risks sharing images themselves and others text and social network sites \" . She said : \" The internet is an essential tool and social networking sites are a popular way children to communicate their friends , but we need to make sure they stay safe online and know how to use it responsibly . \" It 's very important we make sure young people stay safe online and are aware the risks and what they can do to avoid them . \" Anyone who may have concerns images they have shared or received should speak a trusted adult or the police straight away . \"", "Police found Kevin Malthouse Blackshots Lane , Grays , the early hours Saturday morning following reports a group men fighting . The 24-year-old had been stabbed the chest and died the scene . Jack Taylor , 18 , Oakley Close , Grays , has been charged his murder and is due to appear Basildon Magistrates' Court . Flowers - including moving tributes Mr Malthouse 's parents and wife - have been laid the spot where he died . more stories the county , visit BBC Local Live : Essex A 22-year-old man , who was also arrested , has been bailed pending further investigations . A 21-year-old man , South Ockendon , was released charge and faces no further action . Mr Malthouse 's former team Tilbury Football Club has paid tribute , saying he was \" a lovely lad \" .", "The sergeant opened fire June 2014 his post the North Korean border and fled , sparking a manhunt . He was captured two days later he shot himself a tense stand-off troops . It reignited debate military culture South Korea , where all males must do about two years military service . The conscript 's attack had previously been attributed a defence ministry spokesman his \" difficulties adapting military life \" . He had been placed a list conscripts requiring special attention . July last year , the military completed its investigation the incident and said the attack , a post the border town Goseong , was revenge bullying the army and school . The 23-year-old recruit , surnamed Im previous reports but named Lim Yonhap news agency , was found guilty killing and injuring his comrades detonating a grenade and firing them . He was also found guilty running away a rifle and ammunition , said the news agency . South Korea 's military law , a soldier must face the death penalty killing a superior . One those killed was a staff sergeant . The soldier expressed remorse a statement last month his sentence was announced , AFP news agency reported . \" I feel deeply sorry the victims and their relatives ... I am overcome remorse ... How happy would I be , had it been merely a dream and had it been possible to return the past ?\" he said . Past incidents South Korea 's military have been linked bullying and mental health problems . Last year , several suicides young conscripts were reported . April , a private died he was beaten his superiors - an incident which was only uncovered months later a civic group . A sergeant was later sentenced 45 years military prison the crime . Four other soldiers were jailed 15 and 30 years a sixth was given a suspended prison sentence . September last year , two special forces soldiers died collapsing captivity training , apparently suffocation . The incidents sparked a public outcry and prompted the army to take a tougher stance bullying and abuse . Its chief staff resigned and his replacement ordered the establishment a military human rights commission and investigations hundreds bullying cases . Prior last year , South Korea also saw major incidents 2005 and 2011 where conscripts killed several their comrades . South Korea has said it needs a conscription system to ensure national security . It technically remains war North Korea , the 1950-53 Korean War ended an armistice rather a peace treaty .", "Helen Zille said the \" time was right \" her to step aside , adding the DA would benefit fresh blood . She will remain premier Western Cape province 2019 . Ms Zille , a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner , has led the party 2007 . \" These kinds decisions are a long time coming , but the end they are made suddenly ,\" she said . Ms Zille was born 1951 German immigrants . She has been a staunch defender South Africa 's liberal constitution , keeping a check the leading ANC party 's overwhelming power . the past , she has openly criticised President Jacob Zuma and led a campaign to bring him the courts to face allegations bribery . Mr Zuma denied the claims , insisting he was the victim a \" political conspiracy \" . The DA 's support is mainly concentrated the Western Cape , which has a large white and mixed-race population , but Ms Zille had tried to make inroads the black electorate .", "Blackwell , 25 , suffered a bleed the brain a loss Eubank March and was put an induced coma . The offer comes Blackwell saying Eubank and his father were \" inhuman \" how they reacted his life-threatening injuries post-fight . \" I ended the guy 's career ,\" Eubank Jr told ITV 's Good Morning Britain . \" He said everything was OK and there were no hard feelings , but I 've stopped him being able to make a living . \" I wanted to come and see him I had something him , and something is my British title belt . \" READ MORE : ' I could see no light the end the tunnel ' - Blackwell 's trainer Blackwell woke his coma a week the fight , which was stopped the 10th round , requiring an operation . Speaking the Sun Monday , Blackwell was critical the Eubanks' decision to hold a news conference he was still hospital . \" I was shocked when I first heard the things he had been saying we had a little talk social media ,\" added Eubank Jr . \" I believe the belt is a goodwill gesture - I 'm still ready to come and give it him . \" The guy 's a true warrior , regardless what 's been said , the only thing that 's important is he is now OK , he 's his family and he can live a normal life no restrictions . \"", "Palmer Thursday , about 03:00 an officer told Karen and Jay Priest their son Justin , 29 , had been killed . The devastated couple drove Justin Priest 's girlfriend 's home to inform her , when he greeted them the door . fact , another man the same name but different birthday was killed . The Juneau police apologised the error . hearing the horrible news , the Priests telephoned far-away relatives , then drove Anchorage to tell their other son person , they told Alaska Dispatch News . Then , the grieving family set to inform Justin 's girlfriend five years . her home about 05:30 , Justin Priest said he heard a knock the door he was getting ready to walk his dog . Still bleary-eyed sleep , he was surprised to see his family . All erupted joy , praising Jesus and embracing one another tears . \" It opens and right here is Justin . I do n't even see it but Jay is sobbing . It does n't compute me . Then I see him ,\" Mrs Priest told the Associated Press news agency . \" You want it to be true , but you go , ' Am I hallucinating ? ' Justin did n't know what was going . \" The Juneau police have apologised the anguish , however momentary . Justin Priest told the Alaska Dispatch the family 's relief and joy is tempered the awareness another family lost a son .", "The 23-year-old joined QPR Swindon May but he has only made three appearances the Championship club . Mark Cooper 's League One side have been hit several injuries this season . \" An injury has meant he 's subsequently struggled game time ,\" said QPR 's director football Les Ferdinand . \" He 's only away a month . He 's still got a massive future QPR . \" Find all the latest football transfers our dedicated page .", "The man , who was his 60s , died Silverthorn Avenue the town and police were informed his death just 12:00 GMT Tuesday . Officers investigating the circumstances his death arrested a 25-year-old man Coleraine just 17:30 GMT . There are no further details present .", "The allegations were made a BBC Spotlight programme Tuesday . Mr Adams has denied any involvement the murder Mr Donaldson 2006 . a statement , BBC Spotlight said : \" The Spotlight programme dealt matters great public interest and the BBC stands its journalism . \" A lawyer the Donaldson family spoke the BBC Friday meeting Garda Deputy Assistant Commissioner Derek Byrne and two other senior police officers . Ciaran Shiels said the officers provided an update progress their investigation the meeting Belfast . \" The one theme that has come today 's meeting is the theory that was being advanced BBC Spotlight earlier this week , this was some way carried the Provisional IRA or authorised Gerry Adams , I think it 's absolute nonsense ,\" he said . Asked how the family responded the claims Mr Donaldson was killed the Provisional IRA , and the killing had been sanctioned the Sinn F\u00e9in leader , Mr Shiels said : \" It just does not stand . \" It does not marry any way the lines inquiry that have been progressed the guards ([ Garda ] or the the ( police ) ombudsman . \" A man who said he worked an informer the intelligence branch the police told Spotlight he had been told the Provisional IRA had killed him . The former spy , who was the IRA and Sinn F\u00e9in. , told the programme his experience such a murder would have to have been sanctioned Gerry Adams . The man could not be identified fears his safety . What Spotlight was told Agent : I know my experience the IRA murders have to be approved the leadership . They have to be given approval the leadership the IRA and the military leadership the IRA . Presenter : Who are you specifically referring ? Agent : Gerry Adams , he gives the final say . Mr Donaldson was shot dead a remote cottage Donegal April 2006 , months admitting he had been an MI5 agent more 20 years . Three years later , the Real IRA said it was responsible . Mr Donaldson had worked Sinn F\u00e9in an administrator Stormont .", "Maj Gen James Johnston was faced 40,000 prisoners the Bergen-Belsen camp and set a hospital to treat them typhus , TB and starvation . His son , Anthony Johnston , said : \" He had to deal people dying the hundreds every day . \" The plaque was unveiled Northiam , East Sussex where Gen Johnston lived . Born Glasgow , he moved the village his family 1973 . About 60 people , including members Gen Johnston 's family , gathered the unveiling the pump house the village green . Gen Johnston was commanding a mobile medical unit close the German-Dutch border April 1945 . He was ordered to move his unit to take charge the sick and starving Bergen-Belsen , which had just been liberated the British . 70,000 people had died the camp northern Germany . Mr Johnston said his father had been reluctant to talk his World War Two experiences , modesty and wanting to block such a traumatic event . \" There were times his life when former inmates , who he had come the time , got touch him and wanted to acknowledge him ,\" Mr Johnston said . \" Other that , he did n't talk it . \" an account which is now the Holocaust Museum Washington , Gen Johnston wrote : \" Little did I know I was about to be faced the greatest test my career , a situation that would remain engraved my memory the rest my days . \"[ It ] would instil me a lasting abhorrence not only those who had perpetrated this crime humanity , but also those who had condoned it . \"", "The device was discovered Foreglen Road Wednesday morning following a telephone call a local hospital . The road has reopened a security alert the area . The device was taken away forensic examination . Det Insp Bob Blemmings said : \" We appreciate the alert caused traffic disruption and are grateful the patience and support shown the community and commuters . \"", "Parents and carers Camau Bach Aberystwyth were told someone trespassed its Green Room the outside play area . It said police had been told and were informing nearby schools . Camau Bach shut temporarily earlier this year a boy was left unattended a minibus two hours . Dyfed-Powys Police and the charity Mudiad Meithrin , which owns the nursery , have been asked to comment . The letter , signed nursery manager Sioned Davies , said the individual did not come contact any children and ran away when confronted a staff member . It said , an extra security precaution , the height existing gates would be raised .", "Kingfisher is selling a 70 % stake the business - which has 39 stores and more 3,000 staff - \u00a3 140m . The company had already announced it was looking a strategic partner to develop its B & Q business China . The transaction , which is subject approval the Chinese Ministry Commerce , is expected to be completed the first half 2015 . As well B & Q , Kingfisher owns the Screwfix , Brico Depot and Castorama home improvement chains . It also owns 50 % the Koctas brand Turkey . \" I am delighted to have found a strong retail partner who will help us to release the financial value our business China ,\" said group chief executive Veronique Laury . \" This will enable us to focus our financial resources and management talent the large and attractive European home improvement market . \" Beijing-based Wumei Holdings operates 650 supermarkets and 10 department stores China , owning brands such Wumart , Jingbei Shopping Mall , and Merrymart . Ms Laury recently took Ian Cheshire chief executive .", "McKenzie , 38 , will take Jahmaine Smyle York Hall 12 November the English super-middleweight championship . The ex-Norwich and Peterborough man became a professional boxer 2013 having quit football two years previously . He has a record eight wins and one draw his nine fights . McKenzie is the son former British and European champion Clinton and is trained his uncle , former three-time world champion Duke McKenzie .", "The red-throated diver was photographed a visitor a lochan a remote part North Uist . The birds are the RSPB 's amber list a recent decline numbers . Jamie Boyle , site manager the RSPB 's Uist reserves , said plastic bags can kill birds they eat , or become entangled , one . He said : \" We urge people to take great care the way they dispose plastic bags or , indeed , any other rubbish , particularly balloons and Chinese lanterns . \" They pose a direct threat our wildlife and it is depressing to think plastic bags are even reaching remote lochans a place North Uist . \" Mr Boyle added : \" Marine birds such red-throated divers are particularly risk both sea and their breeding grounds where they can mistake the bags fish or mistakenly use it nesting material . \"", "A passer-by found the man , who has not been named but was his 30s , Promenade Street Heywood about 23:25 GMT Thursday . He was pronounced dead the scene and officers are treating the death suspicious . A post-mortem examination is due to take place and officers have asked any witnesses to contact them .", "Labour MP Bassetlaw , John Mann , a Leave campaigner , said people voted to leave immigration , zero-hour contracts and job prospects and said a \" divide Britain \" had been exposed . Mansfield voted most strongly to leave , 70.9 % backing Brexit . Rushcliffe , which includes the towns West Bridgford and Bingham , was the only area to vote Remain . It saw the East Midland 's highest turnout . Meanwhile , the turnout Nottingham was the fifth lowest the UK 61.8 % . Leave won a tiny margin just 2,000 votes the city . Mr Mann said his party was \" somewhat touch \" . \" the middle classes largely voting remain they see it benefiting them and the working classes largely voting to leave it dis-benefits them - that 's the divide Britain ,\" he said . Latest reaction and updates Nottinghamshire large parts England , Nottinghamshire overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union . The margin victory Bassetlaw , Ashfield and Mansfield was huge , less a third people voting remain . Arguably the biggest surprise came Nottingham , which narrowly backed Brexit . Affluent Rushcliffe was the only area to vote Remain . Overall Nottinghamshire voted 57.9 % Leave and 42.1 % Remain . Conservative Anna Soubry , the MP Broxtowe and a Remain campaigner , tweeted it was \" a dreadful decision \" . \" People me were told you 're scaremongering , we do n't want to listen the experts ,\" she said . \" All that has been unfortunately proved to be accurate . We have made a very , very , very bad mistake . \" Labour MP Nottingham North , Graham Allen , said David Cameron had \" gambled Britain 's future \" calling a referendum , saying people voted to leave \" protest \" the current government . Turnout was 81.5 % Rushcliffe - the highest the East Midlands and the only council area to vote Remain . The vote was close elsewhere , including Nottingham , where the split was 50.8 % Leave , 49.2 % Remain . Alice , a caller BBC Radio Nottingham the Carrington area the city , said she felt \" frightened the future \" . \" It potentially gives a mandate a lot prejudice people who have immigrated here , the EU or elsewhere ,\" she said .", "Media playback is not supported this device The 2000 Olympic super-heavyweight champion is backing fellow Briton Joshua to be too strong American Charles Martin Saturday 's IBF world heavyweight title fight London . Harrison says \" all the cards are Joshua 's favour \" , likening the 26-year-old the ex-heavyweight champions . \" He lives the life an athlete ,\" Harrison , 44 , told BBC Radio 5 live . \" He 's very fit , strong and committed . \" I just think Anthony Joshua has got that George Foreman , Frank Bruno brutish strength - that ingredient that is hard to hold him . \" Watch : Anthony Joshua , Beast Mode Martin has won 23 and drawn one his 24 fights and beat Vyacheslav Glazkov the vacant IBF belt January . Harrison has sparred the 29-year-old American , whom he calls a \" rugged , tall , big southpaw \" , but says Watford-born Joshua will have the British crowd him Saturday . \" Charles Martin will be gallant , brave and it 's a great fight potentially \" said Harrison . \" But I ca n't see him keeping back the steam train that is Anthony Joshua . \"", "Remains a man aged 30 and 49 , were found close the M54 motorway Shropshire , August . West Mercia Police said two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a Kara , a Sikh symbol - were found a jacket that was also uncovered . There have been no matches DNA profiles missing people England . The force said it was still unable to ascertain the cause death , but it was keeping an open mind how the remains came to be junction four the M54 Shifnal . It is understood the remains lay undiscovered three years . 2 - 3 Years the bones a nearly complete skeleton belonging a man had lain the site , next junction four the M54 5 7 - 5 11 Height the man 30 49 Years old the time death Detectives said they could not rule \" he may have been subjected a crime \" . The man , who was 5ft 7ins and 5ft 11ins tall , was discovered a highway worker the bottom an embankment . He was wearing a black \" dare2be \" soft-shell outdoor jacket a large size , a navy blue V-neck T-shirt George Asda and a pair dark coloured , medium-size Nike tracksuit bottoms . Police said specific type T-shirt was first manufactured November 2007 and first sold March 2008 .", "The second tier is shaping to be a hugely competitive league next term Hearts , Hibernian and Rangers the sides chasing promotion . And Houston is hoping his new charges can grab fourth place , and a play-off berth , least . \" It 's our remit we 'd love to try to get the play-offs , that would be a huge achievement ,\" said Houston . The 55-year-old , who had been working a scout Celtic leaving Dundee United last year , is relishing the chance to take Rangers , Hearts and Hibs . It 's not always the big guys that win games . I 've been Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before a manager and won The Bairns reached the Championship play-off semi-final season 2013-14 but were beaten Hamilton Academical , who eventually won promotion the Premiership . \" The better chances are going to go one the big three clubs the league , however , that 's paper and football is not played paper ,\" said Houston . \" I 've got to make sure the lads I 've got , when they come to face Rangers , Hearts and Hibs , there 's a belief them . \" It 's a great thing the players Falkirk to go Ibrox , Tynecastle , Easter Road and pit themselves what 's going to be a stronger squad . \" It 's not always the big guys that win games . I 've been Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before a manager and won . \" A former Falkirk player , Houston won the 2010 Scottish Cup Dundee United boss . And succeeding Gary Holt , who left the manager 's position the Falkirk Stadium to join Neil Adams' coaching team Norwich City , Houston said returning the Bairns was an offer he could not turn . \" I probably would n't have jumped it it had been any other club Falkirk , they mean an awful lot me , \" Houston added . \" I left here 18 years ago to go Hearts a youth coach and I said the local newspaper I 'd like to go and learn the game then come back manager . I did n't think it would be as long 18 years but I 'm delighted to be back . \" Houston , who said his eight month stint Celtic had advanced him \" coach and a person \" , revealed he is close securing the services a new player-coach Falkirk . As well his four-year managerial spell Tannadice , Houston was also assistant Craig Levein when the latter was Scotland coach . The pair had previously worked together Hearts , Leicester and Dundee United .", "He was pulled the water the RNLI 's Penlee Inshore Lifeboat about 13:35 BST Sunday , Devon and Cornwall Police said . A crew member swam the man and \" recovered him \" he was found the bow an angling boat moored Albert Pier , the RNLI said . The man , said to be local , was airlifted the Royal Cornwall Hospital Truro and pronounced dead . Police said the man had been reported floating face-down the water a sailing club .", "Johnston 's goal put Kilcoo 1-6 0-6 early the second half and was always likely to prove decisive such a low-scoring contest . Kilcoo 's lead was cut a point but the Down champions moved three ahead again and then held . Scotstown duo Francis Caulfield and sub Brian McGinnity were sent late on . Caulfield was dismissed getting a second yellow card McGinnity saw red appearing to strike impressive Kilcoo full-back Darragh O'Hanlon . The Monaghan champions , beaten Crossmaglen extra-time last year 's provincial final , only had points Darren Hughes and Donal Morgan to show their early domination several other good chances were missed . Kilcoo hit back five unanswered points Aaron Branigan opened their account the ninth minute . Conor Laverty 's typically busy display was crucial Kilcoo 's improvement Donal Kane , Paul Devlin ( two ) and Martin Devlin also notched points . being held scoreless almost 20 minutes , Scotstown found their range again late the first half the lively Shane Carey pointed a free and keeper Rory Beggan also hit the target a 45 missing three earlier long-range efforts . Aidan Branigan 's departure half-time looked a blow Kilcoo but instead his replacement Johnston went to become the central personality the match . The sides were level 0-6 a piece when Johnston held his nerve to produce a great finish Beggan Laverty had flicked a long ball . Shane Carey 's reply , Johnston looked to have palmed a second Kilcoo goal but the effort was ruled - harshly it appeared - a square ball . The controversial decision looked it could be match-turning another Carey point cut Kilcoo 's lead the minimum but crucially Beggan and Carey then missed chances to get Scotstown terms . Paul Devlin 's superb long-range point and an Aaron Morgan score , more great work Laverty , left Kilcoo three ahead three minutes normal time left and Carey 's seventh point was all Scotstown could summon the remaining eight minutes action . addition Johnston and Laverty , Niall Branigan and Darragh O'Hanlon were Kilcoo 's stars they set a meeting either Kilcar or Glenswilly 30 October .", "Holland and Jenkins' compatriot Stanford pre-qualified the team 2015 , leaving one more place to fill . The likelihood is whoever finishes first Jenkins , 31 , and Jody Stimpson the World Triathlon race Australia 's Gold Coast will be picked . \" I would love to qualify another Olympics and go Rio ,\" said Jenkins . The two-time former World Champion finished third Stimpson the opening round Abu Dhabi 5 March . \" I was happy to come away a third Abu Dhabi ,\" Jenkins told BBC Wales Sport . \" I 'd had a chest infection and came antibiotics the Monday and raced the Saturday . \" The GB team will be announced the Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon Leeds , 11-12 June . British Triathlon say the quality the performance Gold Coast will be taken consideration as well the finishing positions . The Welsh athlete would need to finish ahead Stimpson and show Olympic medal-winning potential . Jenkins won the world title 2008 and 2011 , and represented Team GB two Olympic games . Media playback is not supported this device \" I 've been Beijing and London ,\" she said . \" Qualifying means a lot , but it 's not going to kill me I do n't go , I 'm a lot more balanced coming this Olympic cycle . \" I have a massive desire to go , but have balance my life I do n't go I have other things I want to concentrate . \" Jenkins has been Australia three weeks preparing this weekend 's race . \" I think my fitness has come really well I 've been here ,\" she added . \" I 've had a really decent , consistent block training and got some more harder running done the road , which I have n't really done this point . I 'm feeling strong all disciplines . \" It makes a change Jenkins who has been plagued injuries recent seasons . \" I 'm not going to lie , there 's been a few times when it 's nearly been it and I 've thought I just ca n't do this any more . . . there 's been tears ,\" said Jenkins . \" But there 's always something that keeps me going . I do n't know what it is - but there is something that keeps you going . \" See Helen Jenkins' interview Sport Wales , BBC Two Wales , 19:30 BST Friday , 8 April .", "His government has lasted just more a year , limited support the main opposition party , Fianna F\u00e1il . Brexit and Northern Ireland 's political stalemate are the challenges waiting the new taoiseach . The leadership contest will begin Thursday , the new leader to be announced 2 June an electoral college the parliamentary party . County councillors and party members will also have their say . the field may widen 2 June , the early favourites the post are Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar and Housing Minister Simon Coveney . Born Dublin , the 38-year-old is the son a Mumbai-born doctor and a mother County Waterford . He was privately educated and studied medicine Trinity College Dublin , qualifying a GP entering politics . He was elected parliament 2007 a representative Dublin West and held the tourism and health portfolios taking his current post last year . an RT\u00c9 interview 2015 , he revealed he is gay , explaining he wanted to be clear the matter ahead the Irish referendum same-sex marriage . \" I just kind of want to be honest people ,\" he said . \" I do n't want anyone to think I have a hidden agenda . \" Mr Varadkar has courted controversy announcing people convicted welfare fraud will be \" named and shamed \" a government website . a recent speech reported the Irish Independent , he outlined his attitude Brexit , saying there should be \" no economic border at all north and south \" . The son the former Fine Gael politician Hugh Coveney , the Cork-born 44-year-old has followed his father 's footsteps a seat the D\u00e1il ( Irish parliament ) . a teenager , he was expelled the exclusive Clongowes Wood boarding school drinking and bunking to attend a beach party . a candid interview RT\u00c9 , he said he had suffered a stutter , and lived the shadow his more promising brother , who is now a successful businessman . He went on to study management the Royal Agricultural College Gloucestershire , England , his election the youngest member the D\u00e1il 1998 . He was appointed agriculture minister 2011 and responsibility defence was added his portfolio three years later . He has made no secret his desire to lead his party - when RT\u00c9 asked the question his intentions , he said : \" I am very ambitious , so the straight answer is yes , some day . \" But I am personally very loyal Enda and he knows that . \"", "The 13-month-old was found serious injuries her home Barrow December 2012 . A second inquest was ordered a seven-minute hearing 2014 determined Poppi 's death was \" unascertained \" . It was due to be held Kendal 15 May and will be rescheduled October her father seeks legal aid . Poppi Worthington death : Key dates David Roberts , senior coroner Cumbria , said the adjournment followed a request Poppi 's father , Paul Worthington , who had been unable to secure legal aid sufficient time . Mr Roberts said it was \" real importance Mr Worthington to take part the process and it will be difficult him to do so the absence legal representation \" . He added : \" It is self-evident my findings and conclusion the inquest may ( depending what they are ) have significant ramifications Mr Worthington . \" A family judge previously ruled the toddler had been sexually assaulted her father , who has always denied any wrongdoing . No-one has been charged connection Poppi 's death . The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said it had no \" realistic prospect \" securing a conviction . The second inquest was initially suspended September the CPS carried a review the case , concluding it was right not to bring any charges Mr Worthington .", "The concept will be known Vulcan , and it is expected to start operations 2019 . United Launch Alliance - the joint venture Boeing and Lockheed Martin - currently flies the Atlas and Delta rockets . These are routinely used to loft Nasa science probes , spy satellites and other US national security missions . time , both vehicles will be retired the new Vulcan components come stream . The first element to be introduced will be the first-stage booster , which will feature an all-new , all-American liquid-fuelled engine . This will enable ULA to end its use Russian-made RD-180 rocket motors \u2013 something Congress has mandated . Politicians Capitol Hill dislike the fact American national security missions are launched the aid Russian propulsion technology . ULA 's preference is to incorporate a liquid methane-oxygen power unit currently being developed Blue Origin , the space company run Amazon entrepreneur Jeff Bezos . When the new Vulcan booster makes its debut , it will initially be married the current Centaur upper-stage the Atlas . But early the 2020s , this too will be replaced a bespoke upper-stage that should give the new rocket a performance that allows it to exceed even the Delta IV Heavy \u2013 the biggest , most powerful rocket the world today , capable putting upwards 25 tonnes a low-Earth orbit . Critically , though , the Vulcan will be substantially cheaper to build and operate . \" A Delta IV Heavy today \u2019s launch rates costs about $ 400m , give or take , depending the mission and its complexity . I fully expect the Next Generation Launch System to be less half that ,\" said Tory Bruno , president and CEO United Launch Alliance . Some cost savings will be made recovering and reusing the engines the first-stage booster following a flight . The idea is separation the upper-stage , the engines would detach the propellant tanks and fall back Earth , deploying an inflatable shield to protect them burning re-entry the atmosphere . Parachutes would then deploy and a helicopter would swoop in to pluck the engines the air and return them safely the ground servicing and re-integration a new booster . ULA will not say how much the Vulcan development programme is costing , but it will run the billions dollars . ULA has to modernise , however . The priority status it has enjoyed government contracts is coming an end , and it is facing increasingly stiff competition \u2013 home , a bullish SpaceX company , whose low-cost rockets are winning favour Nasa and commercial satellite operators ; and abroad , where Europe and Russia are both moving new-generation rocket systems that aim to reduce their launch prices also .", "Steven Rodriguez , who was better known A $ AP Yams or Yamborghini , died aged 26 18 January Brooklyn 's Woodhull Medical Centre . He founded the US rap collective A $ AP Mob fellow New Yorkers A $ AP Bari and A $ AP Illz . Now the New York Times reports his death was caused acute mixed drug intoxication . Opiates and benzodiazepines were found his system and it was ruled an accident . his death artists paid tribute him social media . Drake tweeted : \" Rest peace Yams . A $ AP is family . \" Azealia Banks wrote : \" ASAP YAMS should be remembered a leader , an innovator and most importantly an important part NYC youth culture . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter , BBCNewsbeat Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Photos the internet appear to show Diouf a nightclub , just hours the match Southampton 24 March . \" I 've made some inquiries and I 've asked him it and he denies he was there ,\" Saunders told Radio Sheffield . \" It 's still ongoing and I want to get the bottom it . It 's something I ca n't comprehend it is true . \" Rovers lost the match St Mary 's 2-0 , Diouf playing the full game , and are currently six points adrift safety six matches to play . Diouf has scored six goals 22 games joining the club October .", "Stenson will play Matt Fitzpatrick Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka Rose partners Chris Wood Jimmy Walker and Zach Johnson . Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters take Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler . Spanish duo Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello also stay together to take Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth . Stenson and Rose played together twice Friday Hazeltine , and their defeat the opening foursomes match Reed and Spieth was their first a Ryder Cup pairing . However , they exacted revenge the fourballs to hand the Americans their first ever loss . McIlroy , who lost Mickelson and Fowler Friday 's foursomes when paired Andy Sullivan , also has the chance to avenge that defeat . The Northern Irishman is again paired Pieters they convincingly won their fourball match 3 & 2 . Europe captain Darren Clarke has also opted to keep Garcia and Cabrera-Bello together their similarly dominant 3 & 2 fourball victory Friday . American captain Davis Love keeps faith three the foursomes pairings that dominated the opening session . The only change is Snedeker and Koepka , who won their fourball match , coming Dustin Johnson and Matt Kuchar . The US won Friday 's foursomes 4-0 but Europe hit back the fourballs , winning that session 3-1 .", "Rents grade A offices have risen \u00a3 15.50-per-sq ft the past year , according commercial agents . But they are still well the UK average \u00a3 24 . It is claimed the prospect a relatively low financial return is acting a barrier substantial build projects . March , an Invest NI report said there is a shortage grade A space office Belfast . Grade A offices are classed new or refurbished buildings , prime locations , open-plan layouts . Ian Duddy Colliers International Belfast said : \" The shortage grade A space Belfast has led a number major occupiers to develop their own headquarter buildings . \" Further rental growth the grade A market is necessary to encourage new development the city . \" Office development has slowed the 2008 property market crash . Loans public money could soon be made available property developers to help them build offices , a recent report Invest NI described supply \" extremely limited \" . Invest is exploring to advance loans \" a short-term intervention \" .", "The helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person the Daventry area . It carried its mission a police car was dispatched to investigate the laser . Officers were unable to find who was responsible . Pilot Paul Atherton said it was \" very distracting \" . Live updates this story and other news Northamptonshire He said : \" the police helicopter , I 'm the only pilot . \" I get hit the eye and I 'm blinded , who 's going to fly the aircraft ? People the ground do n't realise how serious this is . \" The National Police Air Service ( NPAS ) said Mr Atherton saw two flashes light the laser about 23:00 BST Friday . The NPAS reported 35 laser incidents its aircraft 2014 and 91 2015 . There was a total 1,400 attacks aircraft reported the Civil Aviation Authority last year . People have been jailed the past pointing lasers aircraft the sky , but the devices themselves remain legal . Pat Lawrence , a spokesman the British Airline Pilots Association ( Balpa ) , said regulations need to change . He said : \" There 's no restriction the imports these very powerful lasers . \"", "The artificial intelligence system - LipNet - watches video a person speaking and matches the text the movement their mouths 93 % accuracy , the researchers said . Automating the process could help millions , they suggested . But experts said the system needed to be tested real-life situations . Lip-reading is a notoriously tricky business professionals only able to decipher what someone is saying 60 % the time . \" Machine lip-readers have enormous potential , applications improved hearing aids , silent dictation public spaces , covert conversations , speech recognition noisy environments , biometric identification and silent-movie processing ,\" wrote the researchers . They said the AI system was provided whole sentences it could teach itself which letter corresponded which lip movement . To train the AI , the team - Oxford University 's AI lab - fed it nearly 29,000 videos , labelled the correct text . Each video was three seconds long and followed a similar grammatical pattern . human testers given similar videos had an error rate 47.7 % , the AI had one just 6.6 % . The fact the AI learned specialist training videos led some Twitter to criticise the research . Writing OpenReview , Neil Lawrence pointed the videos had \" limited vocabulary and a single syntax grammar \" . \" it 's promising to perform well this data , it 's not really groundbreaking . the model may be able to read my lips better a human , it can only do so when I say a meaningless list words a highly constrained vocabulary a specific order ,\" he writes . The project was partially funded Google 's artificial intelligence firm DeepMind .", "the UK is still ' bold ' but ' dependable ' , ' outward looking ' and a bastion free trade . She has done that private sessions several leaders and a press conference President Obama . But very frank words the United States , Japan and Donald Tusk , the President the European Council , will steal plenty the headlines instead . Remember she was an advocate , a pretty quiet one , staying the EU the first place , the economy one her main concerns . So Downing Street says she has n't been surprised the warnings the future . And perhaps dealing public expressions sentiments that have been already expressed private is n't really the problem . Perhaps the real difficulty the now not so new prime minister is the biggest demands her abroad are the same those home . Other countries want more details her plans Britain 's life the EU . But no consensus , or anything the details post-Brexit Britain government , there is n't that much she can really tell them . The political danger such a relatively blank page is others will fill the space .", "England won six wickets a Pakistan batting collapse featuring three run-outs Sharjah Tuesday . The Daily Mail reported the match was the subject an investigation suspicious betting patterns . \" There was nothing wrong that game . I have no doubts my boys ,\" said former bowler Waqar . The ICC declined to confirm or deny it was investigating the game . Pakistan collapsed 132-2 208 all out England triumphed nine overs to spare . Waqar said : \" Yes , we lost the game . You lose and win games , and it 's unfortunate the way the whole thing happened . \" ICC chief executive David Richardson told BBC Test Match Special : \" I would n't be suspicious that game . \" He said Pakistan had reported approaches bookmakers recent times .", "Google confirmed the plan the BBC 's Newsround programme , saying it wanted to focus \" formats that work well both users and advertisers \" . Long unskippable adverts are seen a nuisance many viewers , and Google has introduced shorter formats . One media agency said the move reflected the difference online video and linear television services . \" The 30-second ad is a legacy TV times ,\" said Will Smyth , head media the Agenda21 agency . \" It 's a standard TV unit which has been put online , but it 's not the most effective way to advertise . \" This will encourage advertisers to be more creative the way they use the platform . \" Many other websites , including the BBC 's international offer , feature unskippable 30-second ads video content . \" Demand advertisers video content is high , but there 's a shortage quality content ,\" said Mr Smyth . \" It 's good business everyone to focus ' skippables' - people are n't forced to sit ads , and advertisers do n't need to pay their ad is skipped . \"", "Hull City 's Chester , Dummett Newcastle United and Celtic 's Matthews missed March 's 3-0 win Israel injuries . Andy King returns serving a two-match ban but injuries rule James Collins and Ben Davies . Blackburn defender Adam Henley is also the 23-man squad . Goalkeeper Danny Ward Liverpool , Owain Fon Williams - recently released Tranmere - and Leicester City striker Tom Lawrence are the other uncapped players included . The squad will meet a training camp Cardiff Monday 1 June five days the match squad reconvene Monday 8 June . West Brom striker Tyler Roberts , Liverpool winger Harry Wilson , Cardiff full-back Declan John and Everton defender Gethin Jones have been called to train the squad that week . Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale is set to win his 50th cap Cardiff City Stadium Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey , the other goal scorer the victory Israel , is also Chris Coleman 's squad . Leicester City midfielder King is back a a two-match suspension following his red card the qualifier Cyprus last October . Wales are currently second Euro 2016 qualifying group B , Belgium goal difference . Tottenham left-back Davies has been ruled having surgery a dislocated shoulder West Ham United centre-half Collins is absent a calf injury . Collins started Israel place Chester , who missed the game suffering a shoulder injury . Crystal Palace 's Jonny Williams and George Williams Fulham are also missing injuries . Belgium and Wales are both unbeaten playing five their 10 Group B games , and the match Cardiff City Stadium has already sold . Coleman 's Wales drew 0-0 the 2014 World Cup quarter-finalists Brussels November . Hennessey ( Crystal Palace ) , Fon Williams ( Tranmere ) , Ward ( Liverpool ) , Williams ( Swansea City - captain ) , Chester ( Hull City ) , Gunter ( Reading ) , Taylor ( Swansea City ) , Dummett ( Newcastle ) , Matthews ( Celtic ) , Richards ( Swansea City ) , Henley ( Blackburn Rovers ) , Allen ( Liverpool ) , Ledley ( Crystal Palace ) , Ramsey ( Arsenal ) , King ( Leicester City ) , Vaughan ( Nottingham Forest ) , MacDonald ( Bournemouth ) , Cotterill ( Birmingham City ) , Robson-Kanu ( Reading ) , Lawrence ( Leicester City ) , Bale ( Real Madrid ) , Church ( Charlton Athletic ) , Vokes ( Burnley ) .", "A barrister Christian-run County Antrim firm Ashers said they lost the discrimination case there would be wide-reaching consequences shop owners . He said it would mean a Muslim printer could not refuse to print a cartoon the Prophet Muhammad . The case Belfast was taken gay rights activist , Gareth Lee . He placed the order the cake Ashers . No indication has been given when the judgement will be issued . The barrister Mr Lee told the County Court Belfast businesses needed to make clear advance what they would and would not do . He said Ashers had nothing their terms and conditions to prevent them baking the cake which Mr Lee ordered . Earlier , the role the Equality Commission the case was defended court . The commission has set aside a fund \u00c2 \u00a3 40,000 to pay legal costs the case . It has been criticised recent months a number unionist politicians the decision to take the case . A barrister Mr Lee said the Commission was the \" guardian \" anti-discrimination laws . He said it was duty-bound to defend them . \" The Equality Commission has statutory duties to uphold the law ,\" the lawyer added . He defended the fact an out-of-court settlement was not reached . \" It ( the Commission ) can never be allowed to compromise what it believes is the law ,\" he said . The total cost the case has yet to be determined . Last week , the case began , an Equality Commission spokesperson said : \" We can confirm \u00c2 \u00a3 8,586.60 has been spent this case date . \" The final costs will be not known the case is concluded . \" the court Monday , Daniel McArthur , general manager Ashers , said they were grateful the case had now concluded . \" We are very thankful all those who have supported us ,\" he said . \" It has been a stressful time our family but most all we are thankful God has sustained us it all and we now await the verdict and the outcome the judge . \"", "Patrick Joseph Connors said Michael Hughes was allowed to eat the family and use their swimming pool . Mr Connors , 59 , Patrick Dean Connors , 39 , William Connors , 36 , and Lee Carbis , 34 , deny several offences . They are accused forcing Mr Hughes , 46 , and another man - referred Mr K - to work tiny sums . Mr Connors senior described how he had met Michael Hughes when he was 18 , and offered him work . He said Mr Hughes , originally Aberdeen , had stayed his daughter 's bedroom , then moved a converted garage a shower . The court heard Mr Hughes was paid \u00a3 20 a day , which went \u00a3 50 he became a more skilled labourer . Mr Connors senior described how Mr Hughes used to buy sweets the youngest his children , who called him brother . He denied assaulting Mr Hughes the time he was working him . The court has previously heard evidence the alleged victims they were only paid \u00a3 10 day or less , sometimes the form alcohol or tobacco , were beaten or threatened they did not do they were told and were hunted they tried to get away . All four defendants deny one count requiring another person to perform forced or compulsory labour 2010 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors , Rumney , Cardiff , has also pleaded not guilty eight counts causing actual bodily harm , four kidnap and one conspiracy to kidnap . Elder son Patrick Dean Connors , Rumney , denies kidnapping and conspiracy to kidnap . William Connors , also Rumney , has pleaded not guilty causing actual bodily harm a man 2009 and 2013 . Patrick Joseph Connors' son-in-law Carbis , Trowbridge , also denies one count kidnap 2001 and 2002 . The trial continues .", "Police said Kinga Pelc the east Belfast area died hospital Saturday . A man his 20s remains a critical condition hospital following the incident . It happened the Annadale Embankment about 15:00 BST Friday . Two other people were taken hospital treatment their injuries the crash . Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .", "The World Rugby Hall Fame was launched ex-England and British and Irish Lions captain Bill Beaumont Rugby Art Gallery and Museum Warwickshire . World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were 12 stars inducted the \" hall \" . Members the public will be able to visit Friday . The World Rugby Hall Fame was established 2006 , and absorbed the International Rugby Hall Fame 2014 , but has previously never had a physical home . The attraction , which honours players and administrators who have enhanced the game exceptional achievements , features video archive rugby matches and memorabilia . The 10 other players inducted the Hall Fame were England 's Jeremy Guscott and Maggie Alphonsi , Wale 's Shane Williams , John Dawes and Arthur Gould , Scotland 's GPS Macpherson , Ireland 's Brian O'Driscoll , Japan 's Daisuke Ohata , Canada 's Heather Moyes and Australia 's Daniel Carroll . Players , teams , coaches , media and rugby personalities can all be considered the hall fame but they need to have been retired the game at least three years and have demonstrated rugby 's \" core values \" to be eligible , The sport rugby is said to have been accidentally invented 1823 William Webb Ellis , a pupil a public school Rugby , caught the ball and started running forward it .", "Lt Col Lucy Giles , 46 , will be the helm New College to help prepare young British Army officers their chosen regiments . She said : \" I have to pinch myself really , it 's an enormous privilege to be this unique position . \" The academy was founded 1947 two older military institutions merged . Lt Col Giles Wincanton , Somerset , will oversee the academic programme and the physical training aspects the intermediate and senior terms the course . The married mother-of-two said : \" It 's interesting to see people 's reactions this traditionally male environment . I 'm a mother and wife a soldier , so I am bound juggling those domestic considerations as well delivering a day job , so to speak . \" She said she would \" lead example \" and encourage permanent staff to \" try and make time their families \" . her 24-year career Lt Col Giles has led soldiers operations and deployments Bosnia , Iraq , Afghanistan , Sierra Leone , East Timor , South Africa and Northern Ireland She spent two years the first female Officer Commanding 47 Air Dispatch Squadron . She said : \" I like to think I was boarded this appointment I had the right key skills , knowledge , and experience to be able to do this effectively , opposed me being here I 'm female . \" , I recognise being this position means I may come a role model our future female officers . \" Famous royals to have trained Sandhurst include Princes William and Harry .", "Market Cross Jewellers Linthorpe Road Middlesbrough was targeted Tuesday men carrying what were thought to be axes . No-one was injured , and police have not released any details what was taken . November , watches , and diamonds worth hundreds thousands pounds were stolen a raid the store 's branch Yarm . A 24-year-old man Manchester was arrested 8 January connection that robbery and later bailed pending further inquiries . Temporary Det Ch Insp John Ward said : \" There are clearly similarities [ yesterday 's ] robbery and the one that took place Yarm November and numerous lines inquiry are being pursued both cases . \" Officers would like to speak anyone who may have seen , or have knowledge , a silver Citroen C Crosser motor vehicle bearing the registration plates MK60 XCD . \" We believe this vehicle was involved the [ Middlesbrough ] robbery and it was later discovered abandoned the car park next Leader timber merchants Newport Road , Middlesbrough . \" We would also appeal local hoteliers and those who run local bed and breakfast venues to alert us should they have had any guests who may have raised their suspicions recent days and who may have spoken a North West accent . \"", "The pair shared a partnership 187 Nick Compton and Stevie Eskinazi fell quick succession . Stirling 's century was his first a Championship match and he made 111 falling lbw Adil Rashid . Robson was dropped 31 Jack Brooks and was still there 152 not out the close , Middlesex 337-4 . Yorkshire went the game second the Division One table , just six points leaders Essex , Middlesex down sixth place and minus Dawid Malan , Nick Gubbins and Tom Helm , who are all international duty . The home side , who won the title beating Yorkshire the corresponding match last season , opted to bat first winning the toss and Compton put 64 the first wicket Robson a thin edge the keeper Steve Patterson saw him depart 22 . Eskinazi was bowled Brooks five overs later , but the Yorkshire paceman had crucially been unable to hold a low caught-and-bowled chance offered Robson . The opener was first three figures following the tea interval , and Stirling departed when he missed an attempted pull a ball that kept slightly low and James Franklin was bowled Ryan Sidebottom , he passed 150 a boundary Rashid - the 18th his innings - the final over play . Middlesex batsman Paul Stirling told BBC Radio London : \" It 's time I did this and also time I started to score more consistently . That said , I do n't want to take away my natural instinct to play attacking cricket . That 's the balance I have to find . \" Our skipper James Franklin has given me freedom to go in and play the same sort tempo I would one-day cricket and transfer that the red-ball game . \" When the pitches are as flat they have been Lord 's it 's a little easier to do that and I 'm glad it came . \" Yorkshire head coach Martyn Moxon told BBC Radio Leeds : \" It 's been a tough day , what the weather and a pitch that 's pretty benign . The lads stuck their task really well . \" A few nicks fell short and some very close lbw decisions did n't go way . It was a frustrating day , but I ca n't fault the lads their efforts . \" We started this game trying to win it and we will pick making sure we do n't lose it . \"", "The incident happened the 33-year-old walked a railway bridge Dumbarton Road , the junction Cable Depot Road , about 22:00 Saturday 10 September . Both boys were described being white , aged about 14 or 15 and wearing dark-coloured sportswear . One them had brown hair a quiff . The woman was taken the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital treatment and later reported the incident police . Det Sgt Kevin Mulvenna , Police Scotland , said : \" This was a completely unprovoked and senseless attack this woman , which has left her blind one eye . The youths responsible must be caught as soon possible . \" To point a laser pen someone is highly irresponsible . Extensive inquiries are ongoing to trace the two boys , officers carrying inquiries the local area and studying CCTV footage to identify them . \" He asked anyone information to contact police .", "Alex Robinson was drowned the bath two days Christmas his home . Stewart Greene , 65 , Grimoldby , Lincolnshire , said he drowned Alex Robinson a bath but denies murder . Dr Philip Joseph told the jury : \" 30 years , this is one the most callous killings or murders I have been involved . \" Alex was Mr Greene 's care his home his mother - the defendant 's daughter - was out last December . Giving evidence Lincoln Crown Court , Dr Joseph said his diagnosis Mr Greene was he had a psychopathic personality disorder , characterised a \" callous unconcern the feelings others \" and an \" incapacity to experience guilt \" . He said Mr Greene would exaggerate his symptoms and engage manipulative behaviour to get himself hospital . But his mental condition , Dr Joseph - who has dealt more 800 homicide cases - said Mr Greene understood what he was doing and his ability to form a rational judgement was not impaired . He told jurors : \" his judgement was abhorrent , immoral and illegal , it was rational . When asked he was surprised Mr Greene had killed Alex , he replied : \" Yes - I am surprised . \" Earlier the trial , Timothy Spencer QC , defending , asked Mr Greene he had drowned his grandson , which he replied : \" I drowned him the bath , yes . \" He told the court he drowned Alex he was angry the nine-year-old 's mother . The trial continues .", "McAnuff , 31 , joined the Royals 2009 and has made 172 appearances his arrival Watford . He began his career Wimbledon 2001 and having played West Ham , Cardiff and Crystal Palace , McAnuff is keen to finish the Madejski Stadium . \" my point view course I would ,\" McAnuff told BBC Radio Berkshire . The squad is so strong we have competition every position and it is something we have to get and deal \" I 've been record numerous time saying how much I 've enjoyed my time here and some my best moments a professional have been this club . \" But it 's not my decision . All I can do is do as well I can the pitch , it is not solely down me . \" McAnuff , who captained Reading the Premier League last season , was the substitutes' bench their Championship opener Ipswich but started Bolton last weekend . being disappointed missing a starting spot the first day the season , McAnuff is confident he can be a regular the team . \" pre-season you come and work hard and it is all geared that first game ,\" he added . \" So it 's disappointing ( not being selected ) but that is football . The squad is so strong we have competition every position and it is something we have to get and deal . \" The manager makes a point saying it bears no meaning the season , it is just a team to get the job done , and you get older you see the bigger picture and us this year it is going to be every single player . \" It is healthy ( to have competition ) , I do n't think any player should be guaranteed a place . \"", "The building is to be developed a site Longman Road and Burnett Road the north Burnett Road Police Station . The new centre would allow the courts service to move historic Inverness Castle . The Scottish government is to fund the construction the new two-storey Inverness Justice Centre . The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service has proposed the centre has six courtrooms . It would also have facilities available supporting and advising victims and witnesses domestic abuse , sexual violence and provide \" an environment problem solving approaches \" to help reduce re-offending and child abuse . Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has said the centre would be an important development the city and the wider Highlands area .", "The Bluebirds are seven points adrift the Championship play-off places and have been placed a transfer embargo . Slade has insisted he is still the man to lead the club but Dalman says his position is scrutiny . \" He knows the pressures ; he 's done this job before ,\" Dalman said . \" Russell knows the score . I talk him a regular basis and he knows what 's ahead . \" He has been here a while us and course his position comes scrutiny , it always has been . To say it never has been would not be true . \" The jury 's out every single one us every time we have to deliver something . \" Cardiff have been placed a transfer embargo the Football League following a breach Financial Fair Play rules . The Bluebirds have become the fourth Championship club currently a transfer embargo , joining Bolton , Fulham and Nottingham Forest . The embargo will be place the rest the January transfer window . Slade confirmed he had spoken club owner Vincent Tan but said there would be no talks a new contract him this month . The former Leyton Orient manager says Tan is still as committed ever the club and denied suggestions the Malaysian 's scaling-back club finances showed a lack backing . \" You see bigger clubs building castles and thinking the investment they put will give them a great chance , but it does n't guarantee it ,\" Slade said . \" You 've got to cut your cloth accordingly . There are rules place . \" Slade continued : \" You ca n't just go spending \u00a3 5m here or there . Whatever we do it will have to be financial constraints . \"", "Next was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-booster . The court ruled Next diverted UK profits foreign subsidiaries to claim tax relief overseas profits . Such schemes are a way which firms avoid corporation tax foreign profits that are then paid back the UK parent firm . rules designed to prevent double taxation company profits , firms were able to claim credit tax paid money they made overseas . But some companies were able to exploit the rules the creation artificial arrangements involving what HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) referred \" complex circular movements money companies the same group , they can claim there has been double taxation \" . Known rate-booster schemes , this enabled companies to avoid corporation tax diverting profits made the UK foreign subsidiaries . The foreign subsidiary then paid tax those profits - often a lower rate corporation tax - the profits were paid back the UK parent company . Finally , the UK parent company received credits HMRC the tax already paid its subsidiary . a result , companies were able to claim far more tax had been paid their overseas profits was actually the case . Legal changes 2005 and 2009 mean rate-booster schemes are no longer possible or attractive , HMRC added . The Next case is the second to reach court , following a 2013 ruling P & O Ferries , the firm appealed the decision and an appeal judgement is outstanding . HMRC said \u00a3 130m tax was stake 20 rate-booster cases , which were awaiting the P & O and Next decisions . 70 rate-boosters have already been conceded companies that wanted to avoid going court . This has brought more \u00a3 500m tax , it added . HMRC 's director general business tax , Jim Harra , said : \" This case shows how HMRC takes effective action big businesses that try to avoid paying tax convoluted , artificial avoidance schemes . HMRC expects all businesses to steer well clear such schemes . \" a statement , Next said it had paid the tax owed HMRC \" some years ago \" and this had been fully accounted the time . The retailer described the dispute itself and HMRC \" a technical debate complex legislation \" which had now been superseded . It added current UK law generally allowed companies to \" repatriate their profits a tax charge \" .", "The \" bemusement park \" a derelict seaside lido Weston-super-Mare attracted thousands visitors when it opened last summer . Other awards nominees include electronica band Years and Years and the BBC Two adaptation Wolf Hall . The winners will be announced a ceremony , hosted Lord Melvyn Bragg , London 's Savoy Hotel 5 June . Now celebrating their 20th anniversary , the awards honour \" the very best British culture and achievement \" . Banksy competes the visual art category Cornelia Parker Magna Carta ( An Embroidery ) The British Library and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye : Verses Dusk the Serpentine Gallery . Historical drama Wolf Hall is joined the TV drama category Channel 4 's Humans and Doctor Foster ( BBC One ) . the pop category , Benjamin Clementine , Years and Years , and Sleaford Mods go head head . The film category features Ex Machina , 45 Years and Brooklyn , the theatre contenders are Oresteia , People , Places and Things and Hangmen . Lord Bragg said the South Bank Sky Arts Awards were a \" freeze-frame a unique moment British cultural history \" . He added : \" This is the 20th these annual awards and a ripple the records shows an extraordinary tapestry talent , ever-changing but always the same its high quality . \" 2016 FULL LIST NOMINEES", "Last year , David Smith , 37 , Aviemore , had surgery to remove the tumour close his spine . He told BBC Radio Scotland the MRI scan he was shown earlier this week was the first scan 2013 not to show a tumour . Smith said it was better winning gold the London Paralympics 2012 . The athlete won the medal rowing . Following that success he has been training to compete cycling . However , the tumour had affected that pursuit and even risked crushing his spine and stopping him breathing . Smith said he had been dreading the results his latest MRI scan , fearing it would still show the tumour . He said : \" I almost passed . I thought I was going to be sick and I did n't even want to look the scan . \" being shown the scan the athlete said he went a \" rollercoaster emotions \" . He said : \" It took two or three hours it to sink . When it did sink I was the train home and I just started crying . \"", "Honda Racing team bosses have confirmed Martin 's highly anticipated return the event is not to be . Martin crashed the Isle Man TT June the Honda machine has suffered mechanical problems this year . \" Naturally I 'm disappointed but it 's not surprising given the difficulties the team has experienced ,\" said UGP clerk the course Noel Johnston . He added : \" I had hoped a different outcome Guy is obviously a big fan favourite , and he 's never made any secret the past his love the circuit , which after all is the international where he 's had the most success the years . \" I 'm sure the decision has n't been taken lightly him or the team and I wish Guy well , whatever the next step his career may be . \" Putting this news aside , I 'm very happy the strength this year 's entry . We 've seen some incredible performances this season the likes Peter Hickman , Michael Dunlop and Dean Harrison particular , and I 've no doubt they will bring the same spectacular form Dundrod . \" Everyone will be there trying to end their season a high , and the field is wide open - I think we could see a few dark horses the mix and ready to make their mark the world 's fastest road race . \"", "The price fell 4.8 euros early trading , recovering 5 euros late afternoon . Carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions , companies have to pay to emit C02 . A sharp drop demand energy has led a massive oversupply permits . Critics the EU 's Emissions Trading System also argue the European Union issued too many permits the first place . The EU has proposed freezing 900 million permits to tackle this oversupply . \" There are too many permits the recession ,\" said Isaac Valero , spokesman EU Climate Commissioner Connie Hedegaard . The price carbon recovered slightly Monday demand an auction 3.5 million permits was stronger expected . A weak carbon price undermines efforts to reduce C02 emissions . The price carbon needs to be a good deal higher 5 euros - some believe 25 and 30 euros - to provide an adequate incentive companies to cut emissions and invest cleaner technologies , experts say . The carbon market is central Europe 's efforts to meet its climate change target a 20 % reduction C02 emissions 1990 levels 2020 .", "The contractor , Smartty 's Management Limited , has been asked to return the excess payment , the government said . Wednesday , Transport Minister Dzifa Attivor resigned following a public outcry the deal . Ghana is struggling a large budget deficit and a widening public debt . The branding involved respraying the 116 imported passenger buses and adding portraits the current President John Mahama , his three immediate predecessors and Ghana 's first head state , Kwame Nkrumah . A proper procurement method was \" not followed and the contract did not ensure value money ,\" the government said a review Attorney General Marietta Brew Appiah-Opong . Opposition and anti-corruption campaigners have raised concerns the amount spent , which they said was far too much , forcing the presidency to set an investigation . The BBC 's Sammy Darko the capital , Accra , says many people think the government is not doing enough to tackle budget mismanagement . They want to see people being charged causing financial loss the state , he adds . Mrs Attivor 's resignation is the first a Ghanaian minister more a decade and comes efforts the government to cut spending it implements a three-year International Monetary Fund plan to restore fiscal stability . Earlier this week , Mr Mahama banned public officials , including ministers , first class air travel and he suspended non-essential trips .", "The raids came a day it emerged a Frenchman was being held police investigating the murder three people the Brussels Jewish Museum . Mehdi Nemmouche , 29 , was arrested a station Marseille Friday . Prosecutors say he has claimed responsibility the attack and spent more a year Syria . Interior Minister Bernard Cazaneuve told Europe 1 radio Monday : \" There are people who recruit jihadists . There are I 'm speaking arrests being made . \" \" We are acting everywhere . There will be no respite the fight terrorists . \" There is no suggestion a link the four arrests Monday and the detention Mr Nemmouche a random check a coach arriving Amsterdam southern France Friday . But Mr Nemmouche is said to have had links radical Islamists and served five years jail France robbery being released December 2012 . When he was arrested , he had him a Kalashnikov rifle and a handgun believed to have been used the attack , the Paris prosecutor said . He was also said to have had a white sheet emblazoned the name the Islamic State Iraq and the Levant , a jihadist group fighting Syria , and a camera a 40-second video showing the two guns and a voice recording , claiming responsibility the killings . Speaking French radio station RTL Monday , the head French Jewish association CRIF , Roger Cukierman , called more resources to be given the foreign intelligence service , the DGSE , to track militants returning France Syria . He feared \" they would become 700 time bombs when they return \" , referring the estimated number French-born jihadists Syria . Belgium has requested Mr Nemmouche 's extradition France and police have to decide to extend his detention Thursday . Three people died when a gunman opened fire the museum the busy Sablon area the Belgian capital 24 May. They were an Israeli couple their 50s , and a French female volunteer . A Belgian man , believed to be an employee the museum , was critically injured .", "John McIlwaine , grew Portadown , County Armagh , but worked the University Bradford . He died the age 49 Tuesday night . He was charge the team that recovered the remains Danny McIlhone 2008 and Charlie Armstrong 2010 . Mr Armstrong 's daughter Anna McShane recognised his dedication . \" I remember him an awfully nice man who was so good our family . He worked tirelessly the most dreadful conditions to find my father ,\" she said . \" May he rest peace . \" Mr McIlwaine had previously described it a \" privilege \" to lead searches the Disappeared and said their success had far outstripped predictions the start the process . Geoff Knupfer , the chief forensic scientist and investigator the Independent Commission the Location Victims' Remains ( ICLVR ) , said : \" John began work the ICLVR 2006 and his great knowledge and experience made a huge contribution our work . \" Searching the Disappeared bleak and inhospitable places requires a special kind dedication and commitment as well great skill and that is what John had abundance . \" Seventeen people - 16 men and a woman - were abducted and murdered republicans 1972 and 2003 . The ICLVR was established 1999 to obtain information strictest confidence that may lead the location the remains the Disappeared . The bodies 10 people have been recovered . Sandra Peake , the Wave Trauma Centre , which has supported the families the Disappeared 1995 , said : \" John had a way humanising the science which helped families understand more clearly what was being done to find their loved ones . \" There was a bond John and the families and that is reflected today the number them who have contacted Wave to express their shock and sorrow . \" A spokesman the University Bradford said staff and students had been left shocked the tragedy . \" John was an incredibly motivated , loyal and reliable individual ,\" he said . \" He inspired and supported hundreds students archaeological sciences , he supported the local community West Yorkshire so many ways and he achieved a life 's ambition helping to ameliorate the pain and suffering families the Disappeared . \" This is a very sad time staff and students the University Bradford , both present and past . \"", "Energy firm Island Gas Limited ( IGas ) wants to carry test drilling Springs Road , Misson , Bassetlaw . Campaign group Bassetlaw Against Fracking said the drilling operation would be \" devastating \" wildlife . Nottinghamshire County Council said the application did not include proposals hydraulic fracturing - better known fracking . IGas has applied to carry test drilling to check the suitability the rock shale gas extraction , fracking . A separate application would have to be made to carry fracking . IGas plans to develop one vertical exploratory shale gas well , drilling about 14 weeks , and possibly a second horizontal well , drilling about 19 weeks . drilling , operations would take place 24 hours a day . The authority said the project 's peak there would be an average 18 heavy goods vehicles and 10 light vehicles visiting the site each day . David Larder , campaign group chairman , said : \" We object the 24 hour a day drilling several months . The noise this operation and the vibration will have a devastating effect the wildlife . \" Sally Gill , planning manager the county council , said : \" permission is granted , the test drilling would allow IGas to evaluate the potential resource shale gas trapped the surface . \" Depending the results the test drilling , IGas may , or may not , seek permission to extract the shale gas using fracking , but that would require a separate planning application which would be subject further consultation . \" this stage the exploration process , the company is required to monitor methane levels groundwater 12 months . A separate application has been submitted , which is yet to be considered .", "Officials say the photo Ms Badu The Star newspaper was \" an insult Islam \" . The paper has apologised . The Grammy-award winner was due to perform Wednesday Kuala Lumpur and is said to be dismayed the news . Muslim-majority Malaysia has previously warned other international artists to dress modestly their concerts . Tattoos are forbidden Islam and using the word \" Allah \" a way deemed disrespectful offends many Muslims . The photo Ms Badu several words Arabic and Hebrew written her body features prominently her official fan site . It is not clear Ms Badu 's body art is permanent . The Culture , Arts and Heritage Ministry says it was not aware the tattoos when it initially approved the concert , the BBC 's Jennifer Pak Kuala Lumpur reports . Some Muslims began protesting The Star published the photo . Now the culture ministry says it is justified banning Ms Badu 's concert it breaches religious sensitivities and cultural values . Information Minister Rais Yatim said a government committee had decided to cancel the show Ms Badu 's body art was \" an insult Islam and a very serious offence \" . According the statement , the body art \" triggered public criticism that could jeopardise national security and cause a negative impact the government 's image \" . Concert organisers are touch officials and hope the cancellation will be reversed , the Associated Press news agency reports . Ms Badu , 41 , had already arrived Malaysia . She is \" worried and dismayed \" the incident , according the concert organiser . The Home Ministry has asked The Star to explain why it published the photo . The Star has already apologised , saying its inclusion Monday 's edition was \" inadvertent \" . \" We deeply regret any offence caused Muslims and sincerely apologise the oversight ,\" the paper said Tuesday .", "The Kemp 's ridley turtle was one two found beaches Formby , Merseyside , and Cumbria 's Walney Island 22 December . The reptile found Merseyside died soon after , but the other was being looked the Lake District Coast Aquarium Maryport . Aquarium owner Mark Vollers said it had struggled to feed itself . The turtles were believed to be the Gulf Mexico 5,000 miles ( 8,000 km ) away and were a small number which washed British and European shores last month . Mr Vollers told BBC Cumbria : \" We thought we had a 50 / 50 chance , which would 've improved it had started feeding . \" It was getting some sustenance other ways but not really enough to recover . \" We were following a strict agreed protocol arrived consultation vets here and other countries - people who have experience this species turtle . \" The turtle , possibly aged about 20 , is now a specialist vet who will determine the cause death . Source : World Wide Fund Nature ( WWF )", "Tomkins joins the Super League champions immediate effect an undisclosed fee , signing a contract the end 2018 . He was presented the crowd the half-time interval Wigan 's 48-4 defeat Widnes Wednesday . The 27-year-old played three Tests the England rugby union side 2013 . Media playback is not supported this device \" I 'd like to thank Saracens the opportunity to try a different sport , a different lifestyle and also assisting my development which allowed me to represent my country ,\" Tomkins told Wigan 's website . \" However , a long thought-out process and this stage my life , I realised the timing was right to come home . \" I am very grateful Wigan Warriors taking me back the best rugby club the world . It means everything me to pull the famous cherry and white jersey again . \" Tomkins , who made his Wigan debut an 18-year-old , joined Saracens the end the 2011 season , shortly scoring a stunning try the Challenge Cup final win Leeds . He is currently recovering a back injury and is not expected to be fit about four weeks . His decision to return rugby league is a boost the sport , England international Sam Burgess switched codes and agreed a move Bath next season . Tomkins 's younger brother Sam swapped Wigan NRL side New Zealand Warriors the end last season , helping the club a Super League and Challenge Cup double . Media playback is not supported this device", "Wildsmith , a product the club 's academy , has made 18 appearances the Owls all competitions . The 21-year-old had a loan spell then-League One side Barnsley 2015 , making two appearances . \" I 'm delighted to sign the club long term , it 's great the club believe me and see me part the future ,\" he told the club website .", "Cook , 25 , scored 25 goals the National League last season , helping the Bluebirds a mid-table finish . He returned Holker Street a stint Grimsby July 2014 . \" The lad wants to play League football and I ca n't and wo n't have a go players who want to play a higher level ,\" Cox told BBC Radio Cumbria . \" There are clubs our level who have come him , but his agent has categorically said he does n't want to sign another Conference club . \" It 's one we might need to be patient . \"", "The cub will be the first giant panda to be born Hong Kong . Earlier this year , 10-year-old Ying Ying mated naturally and was also artificially inseminated . However , the staff Ocean Park are unsure which method has resulted the successful pregnancy . Ying Ying was sent mainland China 's Sichuan province this spring to take part a breeding programme . The 100kg female - described the park \" inquisitive , active and vigilant \" - attempted to mate naturally two male pandas five different occasions and one the attempts was deemed successful . But to improve the chances a viable pregnancy , Ying Ying was also artificially inseminated . Repeated ultrasound scans late September confirmed she was carrying a foetus , Ocean Park officials said . Two panda maternity specialists have travelled Hong Kong Sichuan to provide pre - and post-natal support and the park 's executive director zoological operations Suzanne Gendron said she was \" cautiously optimistic \" the birth . Panda reproduction is a notoriously difficult process , females only ovulating once a year . It is common giant pandas to re-absorb the foetus the womb the late stages pregnancy . The gestation period is typically five months and one or two cubs are usually born .", "Dozens others remain critical condition the fire , apparently caused fireworks set a heavy metal band . Officials say it is possible the number fatalities could double . The news came thousands marched silently the Romanian capital memory the victims . People carried flowers and lit candles a memorial the nightclub . Romanian President Klaus Iohannis has said safety regulations seem to have been ignored the club . The fire broke about 23:00 local time ( 21:00 GMT ) Friday the Colectiv club , which was hosting a free rock concert the band Goodbye Gravity . 400 people are thought to have been inside . Survivors say the fireworks caused the ceiling and a pillar to catch fire and produce heavy smoke . A stampede the exit followed . More 140 people are being treated hospital , some severe burns . Sunday officials said all the dead had been identified . Romania has declared three days national mourning .", "Jonathan Baines , 44 , also known \" Willy \" , was found dead a house Ropery Road , Gainsborough , 1 August . Pamela McLaggan , 51 , Greystones Road , denied murder but pleaded guilty manslaughter . Prosecutors accepted her plea . She was remanded custody Lincoln Crown Court ahead sentencing 21 December . The court heard Mr Baines had been out the day Market Rasen races returning Gainsborough and visiting pubs the town .", "Ayla Ellison , Ulverston , Cumbria , suffered severe brain damage following a \" traumatic \" birth Furness General Hospital , Barrow , April 2007 . 2012 , Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust admitted staff negligence . London 's High Court earlier it was ruled the trust will pay a tax-free sum every year the rest Ayla 's life . Mr Justice Warby ruled the organisation must pay an index-linked amount starting \u00a3 225,000 and rising \u00a3 290,000 when she turns 18 . admitting it was fault , the trust had disputed the value the claim damages . It has been providing financial assistance the family 2012 . Ayla , now eight , is totally immobile and dependent being fed a tube . The court was told she is constant risk hypothermia she cannot control her body temperature . her immobility , she suffers muscle spasms that leave her \" screaming inconsolably the top her voice hours \" . Painkillers do not stop the pain , which can only be quelled immersion a hydrotherapy pool . Ayla 's father now works London and the settlement includes \u00a3 1.6m to buy a family home Richmond . Further money will be needed to adapt it Ayla 's needs and install a hydrotherapy pool . The judge awarded a \u00a3 295,000 lump sum Ayla 's pain , suffering and disability and he paid tribute her parents the \" calm and intelligent way \" they had dealt the tragedy . Trust medical director David Walker said : \" We are very sorry the harm caused Ayla and the distress caused her family a result the issues arising her birth . \" The injuries she suffered are very severe and a tragedy her and her family . Her parents have had to cope extraordinary pressures looking her . \"", "Judge Clifford Bellamy said Leicester City Council had not undertaken a \" robust risk assessment \" the boy 's great-great-uncle who had been jailed sexual abuse . The city 's family court heard the nine-year-old had a \" complex \" home life . The judge said the boy should be placed foster care . A city council spokesman said the child has already been moved an \" appropriate placement . \" The judge explained a written ruling the boy 's mother had mental health problems and separated his father several years ago and was now a lesbian relationship . His father has dwarfism , an alcohol problem and had been convicted having unlawful sex a 16-year-old girl when he was 21 . Updates this story and more Leicestershire The boy had been living the care his great-great-uncle , who was his 70s , who had been given an eight-year jail term the early 1990s . He had admitted unlawful sexual intercourse and a serious sexual offence his niece when she was aged 11 and 13 . Judge Bellamy said the man had been released licence serving five years and was assessed \" low risk \" . The concerns were raised the judge was asked to make decisions the long-term future the boy the hearing . He said the council had lacked \" any sense urgency \" bringing the case the attention a family court judge . A city council spokesman said : \" This case does not appear to have been handled appropriately , or the urgency required , and our own review is way . \" We have already put place new systems to improve and oversee the way assessments are carried , and further work is way to ensure court proceedings are expedited . \" The judge also ruled none those involved the case could be identified .", "The country 's Privacy Protection Commission accused Facebook dodging questions European regulators . Internet users were also urged to install privacy software to stop Facebook tracking them , regardless they had accounts it . The social network said it complied data protection law and questioned the Belgian watchdog 's authority . The commission attacked Facebook trying to find more its practices . \" Facebook tramples European and Belgian privacy laws ,\" it said publishing a report analysing changes that the company made its privacy policies January . a statement , it said Facebook has refused to recognise Belgian and other EU national jurisdictions , insisting it was subject only the law Ireland , the site its European headquarters . \" Facebook has shown itself particularly miserly giving precise answers ,\" the watchdog said , adding the results its study were \" disconcerting \" . The body , which was working its German , Dutch , French and Spanish counterparts , said Facebook would not explain detail how it used data it collected . A Facebook spokeswoman questioned the Belgians' authority but said it would review the study 's recommendations the Irish data protection commissioner . \" We work hard to make sure people have control what they share and whom . \" Facebook is already regulated Europe and complies European data protection law , the applicability the [ commission 's ] efforts is unclear ,\" she said . This is the second damning report this year Facebook 's use data the Belgian Privacy Commission . February , it said it placed \" too much burden \" users to navigate its complex settings .", "The drama , which focuses the lives the aristocratic Crawley family and their servants , will go production next year . This is addition the special one-off episode which will air Christmas . Created writer Julian Fellowes , who is set to return the next series , the show first aired 2010 . \" It is fantastic Downton continues to be such a phenomenon - still the most popular drama ITV its fifth series - and we are thrilled to have commissioned a sixth series ,\" said Steve November , ITV 's director drama commissioning . \" We do n't know yet what Julian has planned , but we are looking forward working him , the fantastic cast and Carnival again , and have no doubt series six will be unmissable . \" Producers have yet to confirm the full cast . Earlier this week Hugh Bonneville , who plays Lord Grantham , talked Newsbeat some the celebrities , including Kim Kardasian and Kanye West , who are said to be fans the show . \" It 's only a matter time they are the show ,\" joked Bonneville the pair . \" Hillary Clinton and John Kerry [ United States Secretary State ] are fans the show too . \" To have them the show as well trying to run countries and economies is great . \" The fifth series Downton Abbey ends Sunday 9 November . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat YouTube", "Mr Hammond dismissed reports angry rows the two \" tittle tattle \" he jokingly acknowledged he occasionally swore . Mrs May said she was \" focused 8 June \" . Mr Hammond and Mrs May were speaking a press conference they arranged to attack Labour 's election manifesto . Taking questions journalists claiming Labour 's pledges created a multibillion pound \" black hole \" , they were asked reports a rift their offices the U-turn National Insurance March 's Budget . Asked BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg they would \" still be neighbours \" the general election - the chancellor 's official residence is 11 Downing Street - Mrs May said : \" I think it 's true to say the chancellor and I and every other member my team are focused 8 June . \" She was also pressed to give an endorsement her chancellor , replying she was \" very happy to do so \" . \" Philip says , we have worked together many years ,\" she said . \" Longer we would care to identify - that 's an age-related comment , nothing else . \" Mr Hammond said he and Mrs May worked \" very closely together \" . He added : \" What I candidly admitted - and my family will confirm this - is I do occasionally swear . \" This morning the chancellor 's admission he sometimes swears , he sought to play reports rows Team May , wo n't have helped . Nor will the PM twice refusing to say he would still be her chancellor she is elected . She did , the third time asking give him her endorsement . And moving him the election the Tories win would be a dramatic and risky move . But this morning 's excursion wo n't have helped relations the two addresses . Read Laura 's blog", "The US network said it was \" not an easy decision \" and had \" enormous respect \" its creators and cast . Set the 1970s , the series told a charismatic record executive trying to revive his struggling label . Its ensemble cast included Bobby Cannavale the lead role , Olivia Wilde his wife and Sir Mick 's son James a rebellious British singer . Sir Mick and Scorsese were the show 's executive producers , the latter directing its pilot episode . The series premiere February was watched 764,000 viewers , the average audience subsequently dipped 650,000 . \" careful consideration , we have decided not to proceed a second season Vinyl ,\" HBO said a statement . \" We have enormous respect the creative team and cast their hard work and passion this project . \" Ray Romano , another actor the cast , told an Australian newspaper Thursday the cancellation felt \" a knife the guts \" . Wilde , meanwhile , thanked her Twitter followers their \" kind words \" and said she had been part \" something special \" .", "its annual report , the charity said its local workers carried a total 349 counselling sessions children risk suicide 2015 / 16 . The callers considered most risk were aged 12 and 15 . the UK whole , the number calls suicidal children almost doubled the total five years ago . The figure show youngsters plagued suicidal thoughts contacted Childline 19,481 times the UK last year - an average one call every 30 minutes . The charity also said girls were more likely to seek its help boys . Geraldine McConaghy , a senior supervisor Childline Northern Ireland , said suicidal thoughts were a result the \" pressures young people are \" . \" They might have poor mental health , they might be feeling pressure school , pressure the family ,\" she said . \" When they come us , what we 've noticed is , average , one child Northern Ireland contacts Childline each day who is feeling suicidal . \" One 17-year-old girl who contacted the charity last year said she was having difficulties coping college and finding the lessons \" a struggle \" . \" the past , I 've had to take some time I 've been suffering mental health problems ,\" the caller told Childline staff . \" Sometimes I feel so stressed and useless ; I just have to walk . \" I sometimes feel I want to die . \" Childline Northern Ireland 's service manager , Mairead Monds , said : \" We need to understand there are children and young people living Northern Ireland that are experiencing significant mental health problems , self-esteem issues , isolation and feelings worthlessness . \" These are children who have very little support and who very often feel life is simply not worth living . \"", "The new boathouse , which will replace the existing building Foreshore Road , will be home a new \u00a3 2m Shannon class lifeboat . The Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) said building work would begin autumn and take a year to finish . Plans were approved Scarborough Borough Council 's planning and development committee . RNLI divisional operations manager Andrew Ashton said : \" We 're delighted the plans have been approved today and this heralds an exciting new era Scarborough RNLI 's rich and long lifesaving history . \" The lifeboat station will be funded various RNLI sources including legacies , donations and fundraising activities . The Shannon class lifeboat will replace Scarborough 's current Mersey class lifeboat 2016 . John Senior , Scarborough RNLI lifeboat operations manager , said : \" it will be a shame to say a fond farewell our existing facilities , which have served us admirably the decades , it 's time to look the future . \" Plans the lifeboat station were approved a number objections local residents who claimed the building would not \" blend existing buildings \" , one branding it a \" monstrosity \" .", "The 30-year-old , excluded the World Championships USA Swimming a drink-drive conviction , won one minute 54.75 seconds Texas . Phelps , an 18-time Olympic champion , also recorded the year 's fastest times to win the 100m and 200m butterfly . Ryan Lochte won world 200m individual medley gold 1:55.81 Thursday . American Lochte , 31 , also holds the world record the event 1:54.00 , which he swam 2011 . \" Ryan and I have been pretty dominant that race we started racing back 2004 ,\" said Phelps . \" I 'm looking forward getting back in and competing him . \" I 've been away the sport a while and I feel I 'm kind of back where I used to be . It 's good to be here . \" Saturday , Phelps won the 100m butterfly 50.45 seconds , faster the 50.56 South African Chad Le Clos swam to win world gold the same day . A day earlier , Phelps won the American 200m butterfly title one minute 52.94 seconds San Antonio - 0.54secs faster Hungary 's Laszlo Cseh swam winning the world title Kazan , Russia . Phelps , who was convicted drink-driving December and served a six-month ban competition , now has a record 55 national titles .", "The man , 23 , is being questioned suspicion causing death dangerous driving the collision the A500 about 04:45 BST . The two men who died , both aged 22 , were the north Staffordshire area , police said . Part the southbound carriageway was closed seven hours the crash Cliffe Vale , a spokesman said . The road has since reopened . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said it quickly became apparent crews arriving the scene \" nothing could be done to save two men that were the car \" . They were confirmed dead the scene . A third man \" was treated multiple minor injuries \" and taken Royal Stoke University Hospital . Anyone any information the collision is urged to call police 101 .", "Protesters have been the the streets Freddie Gray 's death 19 April - a week a police encounter where he sustained unexplained injuries . Shops have been looted and objects thrown police , injuring several officers . It was the first time the history professional baseball fans had been locked a game . The game Camden Yards started 14:05 EDT the city 's 22:00 curfew the wake the riots , Baltimore winning 8-2 . the few able to witness the match were those who had paid balcony rooms the nearby Hilton Hotel , which overlooks the stadium . Journalists accredited to cover the game reported the voices players the infield could be heard clearly . \" Attention media : record-keeping purposes , today 's official paid attendance is ... zero ,\" an announcement made the press box public address system said . Other reports said the stadium still played the traditional US baseball anthem - Take Me The Ballgame - the traditional seventh-inning stretch . The Orioles and Major League Baseball officials had said the decision to shut fans had been taken safety reasons . But Brendan Hurson , one the 40 spectators gathered a fence the stadium 's main gate , said it was a missed opportunity and held a sign reading \" Do n't forget Freddie Gray \" . Six police officers have been suspended following Gray 's death and an internal investigation is way . Sunday , more 1,000 protesters were the streets Baltimore and least 12 arrests made . Gray , who was 25 , is the latest a series black Americans to die police custody recent months , triggering angry protests accusing the police brutality .", "The Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash Pandy the main road Abergavenny and Hereford about 15:10 BST . The A465 Hereford Road has been shut both directions but it was expected to reopen Thursday evening .", "The company had been chosen KPMG preferred bidders last month . Ferguson , which went administration the loss 70 jobs , will be renamed Ferguson Marine Engineering . Mr McColl has promised to upgrade facilities the Port Glasgow yard and seek work the renewables sector . He also hopes to grow the workforce its pre-administration level 77 120 people . Joint administrator Blair Nimmo said : \" It is extremely pleasing to secure the sale Ferguson Shipbuilders such a short timeframe and buyers who can see the potential the business and its skilled workforce . \" We would like to thank those employees , and all parties an interest Ferguson Shipbuilders , including various government agencies , their patience and support this period . \" We would also like to wish Clyde Blowers Capital every success the future . \" new owners they have an ambitious vision to build its heritage and grow a successful shipbuilding and marine engineering business the Clyde . \" Mr McColl said : \" We are pleased to have completed the purchase Ferguson 's and are excited its potential to grow a leading marine engineering business . \" He added : \" Work is now well underway to develop a plan to rebuild Ferguson 's , and we look forward working the key stakeholders that rebuilding process . \"", "Michael Coe , 35 , saw the two 16-year-olds hugging the street Newham , east London , April and demanded to know they were Muslims . Southwark Crown Court heard the Muslim convert then called the girl a \" whore \" , throwing the boy the ground . Coe also attacked a passing teacher who had tried to help the couple . Judge Michael Gledhill QC said the two children had denied they were Muslim when challenged Coe . \" Why ? they were frightened what you would do they told you the truth , they were fact Muslim ,\" Jude Gledhill said . He added : \" the time these offences you either held extremist views or views that were getting very close extremist views . \" Coe had admitted \" shoving \" the boy - who is half his size - claiming he was acting self-defence , but was convicted August assault occasioning actual bodily harm and battery . The court heard the father two was radicalised prison al-Qaeda terrorist Dhiren Barot 2007 serving an eight-year term firing a shotgun police an arrest . Coe was also convicted religiously aggravated harassment 2013 seeing a Muslim woman talking a group men and telling her it was Islam . The defendant , also known Mikaeel Ibrahim , became a close associate convicted hate preacher Choudary , founder the banned organisation al-Muhajiroun , which Coe was a member . Prosecutor Jonathan Polnay read a victim impact statement the boy . \" He feels the offence has affected his life quite a lot ,\" My Polnay said . \" He does n't see his friends school . \" He has also split the girl who was his girlfriend the time . \"", "It reveals those aged 60 and over are the fastest growing population English and Welsh prisons , an increase 146 % 2002 and 2014 . Those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing group , says the report . The government said it was \" committed providing suitable facilities \" . The report comes Prisons Minister Andrew Selous is due to give evidence older prisoners the Commons justice select committee . Longer sentences mean more people are growing frail prison , but high rates social and support needs are unmet , says the trust . Two five prisoners 50 now have a disability some kind , the report added . Trust director Juliet Lyon said : \" the last few years , prison has been reduced a punitive holding operation people growing older and sicker bars . \" Prisons are less safe and less decent they were even a year ago when we published our last report . \" An incoming administration government May 2015 must not accept this deterioration prison standards and conditions the new normal . \" the prison population stands around 84,500 England and Wales - 20 % higher it was 12 years ago - the National Offender Management Service has had to make more \u00c2 \u00a3 700m savings the last three years and is expected cut a further \u00c2 \u00a3 149m 2014-15 . The proportion prisons whose performance is \" concern \" or \" serious concern \" according the National Offender Management Service has risen 13 % 2012-13 , 23 % 2013-14 . Prisons minister Andrew Selous , said : \" We 're committed providing suitable facilities and ensuring individual healthcare needs are met , as well working charities such Age UK and Recoop to ensure older offenders are rehabilitated . \" April next year , local authorities will be responsible care and support prisoners meaning , the first time , we will have a social care service working the healthcare already provided prisons the NHS . \"", "The incident happened the Whiterock Road about 15:00 GMT Friday afternoon . Police said it was witnessed people waiting to pick prescriptions , including children . The man has been charged two counts criminal damage , disorderly behaviour and assault police . He is due to appear Belfast Magistrates Court 5 December .", "Many more are feared trapped rubble hundreds buildings collapsed . Thousands people have been forced to take refuge temporary shelters and mosques . Some have been left homeless their houses were destroyed , others have fled their homes fears aftershocks and a possible tsunami . Rescue workers used diggers to remove rubble their search efforts overnight Wednesday . Others used their bare hands and shovels to find people . A few survivors were pulled alive Wednesday . More 200 buildings were either seriously damaged or toppled the earthquake . The Pidie Jaya region , the north Aceh coast , was the hardest hit . The tremor hit just offshore early Wednesday morning . Many the homes the area have corrugated tin roofs which collapsed . Hundreds have also been rushed the sole functioning hospital , which has been overwhelmed patients . Banda Aceh , the provincial capital , was one the worst hit areas the 2004 tsunami , caused a massive earthquake .", "Armagh defender Aidan Forker and Louth 's Anthony Williams were sent-off early the game . Goals Ciaran McKeever and Rowland helped Armagh a 2-5 0-6 half-time lead and Jamie Clarke added the third . Antrim eased their relegation worries CJ McGourty netting a 1-10 0-11 win Laois , who had Damien O'Connor red-carded half-time . Conor Murray scored two points Corrigan Park the Saffrons moved an early 0-4 0-1 lead , but Ross Munnelly and David Conway were target Louth levelled . The decisive period the game came just the break McGourty 's goal and the dismissal O'Connor . Antrim led 1-5 0-6 half-time but Laois levelled the restart thanks points Ambrose Doran and Alan Farrell . Paddy McBride restored the host 's advantage only James Finn to make it all-square again . CJ McGourty slotted three Antrim 's final four points they edged clear to clinch a valuable win to leave the Ulster side sixth the standings . \" we did n't get the two points this game we would be it ,\" said Antrim joint-manager Gearoid Adams . \" CJ McGourty led example pressure frees and we got the line - we must push now . \" There was a dramatic opening the Gaelic Grounds Forker red-carded 50 seconds followed McKeever 's goal and the exit Williams 10 minutes . The Orchard visitors made a blistering start , surging a 2-3 0-1 lead Rowland firing the second goal . Louth pair Paraic Smith and Ryan Burns each scored three first-half points and the Division Three pacesetters trailed 2-5 0-6 the break . Armagh banged seven the opening eight points the start second half to kill Louth hopes . Grimley split the posts twice to take his tally five points and three came Clarke , who also converted a late penalty . Armagh are third but just a point Louth and new leaders Tipperary . Orchard forward Rory Grugan scored four points and he was happy his team 's display . \" We were pressure to keep our promotion hopes alive and it was us to put a performance ,\" he said . \" It was a mad start and these things happen games but we responded well a goal and we were good shape half-time . \"", "Clotilde Nonnez , a 56-year-old yoga teacher , says she has lived the capital 30 years and seen her health deteriorate . However , it became worse ever when pollution Paris hit record levels last December . Her lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 French deaths year . \" We are taking the state to task we think the medical problems that pollution victims suffer are a result the authorities' lack action tackling air pollution ,\" Fran\u00c3 \u00a7 ois Lafforgue told Le Monde newspaper . More cases would be brought the coming weeks , Lyon , Lille and elsewhere , he added . Paris has struggled years to combat high levels smog and the authorities have introduced fines any vehicle not carrying a \" Crit'Air \" emissions category sticker - part a scheme to promote lower-emitting vehicles . Several routes the capital now have restrictions car use and a 3km ( 1.8-mile ) stretch the Right Bank the River Seine has become pedestrianised . Ms Nonnez says she has led a healthy life , first a dancer and more recently a yoga teacher , but has increasingly suffered respiratory problems , ranging chronic asthma pneumonia . When pollution hit the worst levels a decade last December , her existing bronchial condition prompted an acute pericarditis attack . \" The doctor treating me says Paris air is so polluted we 're breathing rotten air . She has other patients me , including children and babies too . My cardiologist says the same ,\" she told the France Info website .", "Earlier this week , he refused to answer the question he believed homosexual sex was a sin . But he told the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show he was \" passionate LGBT-plus rights \" and defending equal marriage would be \" the top my agenda \" . He also said he wanted to extend the marital rights transgender people . Appearing Channel 4 News Friday , Mr Farron , who beat Norman Lamb the leadership , was asked three times he believed homosexual sex was a sin . Each time , he refused to give a direct answer , instead choosing to say \" my firm belief is we are all sinners \" . Mr Farron was asked Andrew Marr why he voted the Equality Bill 2007 - a law which would have made it harder businesses to discriminate gay people . \" Let me be crystal clear , I 'm a liberal and I absolutely support equality ,\" he replied . \" I 'm passionate LGBT-plus rights , example , and the leader a liberal party , that is something that will be the top my agenda the time that I am leader our party . \" Not just defending the law equal marriage , but also saying there are areas where it needs to be extended . \" Mr Farron said transgender people currently did not have equal access marriage something known the spousal veto - which means the husband or wife someone who has changed gender must give their consent order the marriage to continue . He said the Lib Dems tabled an amendment the Equality Bill concerns \" protection individual liberties \" and when that was defeated he voted the bill . He did not answer directly when asked what those concerns were , but said : \" I am absolutely favour equal access law all people whatever their sexuality . \"", "Max Schrems wants the court to order the Irish Data Protection Commissioner to audit Facebook to see what material it passes the US authorities . The privacy watchdog had previously said the transfers were protected the Safe Harbour trade agreement . But a fortnight ago the European Court Justice ruled the pact invalid . The ECJ said a consequence the Irish regulator was indeed required to examine Mr Schrems' complaint \" all due diligence \" and ultimately decide to suspend transfers it believed the firm was not providing an \" adequate level protection \" to protect people 's privacy . Following the ruling , the Irish data commissioner sought guidance the High Court how it should proceed , resulting the latest proceedings . Mr Schrems alleges whistleblower Edward Snowden 's leaks demonstrate Facebook - as well other technology companies - \" aids US spy agencies mass surveillance \" breach the EU 's Charter Fundamental Rights . Facebook strongly denies providing \" backdoor \" access the US intelligence agencies and says its data-transfer processes were reviewed the Irish watchdog as recently 2012 . The social network , whose European headquarters is Dublin , has requested permission to voice its case the High Court , but has yet to find it will be permitted to do so . \" We believe it is critical we join the proceedings we can provide accurate information our procedures and processes , as well to correct inaccuracies that already exist ,\" a Facebook spokeswoman told the BBC . Mr Schrems has previously cast doubt what information the California-based company might provide . \" Facebook is very likely bound ' gag orders' and is not allowed to confirm such cooperation US authorities ,\" he wrote earlier this month . \" Facebook spokespersons [ who comment the matter ] typically do not have the necessary security clearance to know such programmes themselves . \" The case could set a precedent that influences how other EU regulators handle complaints data sent US-based computer servers processing and storage . A spokeswoman the Irish Data Protection Commissioner said it was not yet clear when the High Court would rule how the dispute should proceed .", "The 36-year-old former Watford and West Bromwich Albion defender was a club when he joined Blues a one-month trial deal September 2012 . But this new contract , a player-coach role , is his fourth Blues he continues to extend a career that now totals more 700 appearances . Robinson has not figured being sent Bournemouth 6 April . But he has still clocked 36 appearances this season , taking his total number games a royal blue shirt 119 . \" Robbo is an influential person the dressing room and been a good help me I 've come ,\" Rowett told BBC WM . \" And I still think he can offer something the pitch . \" There is an opportunity to become a squad defender and still be influential the club and help some the youngsters a coaching capacity , maybe one or two days a week . \" Sometimes it 's hard to find someone that can offer a multitude things . They can help the young players that game understanding and that knowledge winning things and doing things properly football , that 's something you do n't often get academies . \" Every time he pulled the captain 's armband he gave it everything he 's got . He 's a real winner and a real leader and sometimes I do n't think there are enough those clubs the game . \"", "It has recently attended nine properties areas including Poole . The service said neighbours were not warned the devices were set . It is asking people who wish to use them to contact residents advance to avoid \" false alarms \" . British Pest Control Association ( BPCA ) described them \" aggressive \" products . Firefighters have also been called homes Bournemouth , Weymouth , Wool , and Woolland , Hazelbury Bryan . Richard Moseley , technical manager BPCA , said such devices were used the association confined areas such loft spaces and greenhouses to control pests , including cluster flies . \" Imagine a firework insecticides going - that 's what you 're dealing ,\" he said . \" Sometimes smoke can be seen externally and cases such these we would inform the local fire service , but it 's not something an amateur would always think . \" They are not advised use living areas , such kitchens or sitting rooms , where there is a greater risk contamination , he said . He added there was a \" lack knowledge \" over-the-counter products .", "The storms the weekend killed six people , including two Girl Guides who were crushed a falling tree . Thousands homes were also damaged . Poland 's chief forester Konrad Tomaszewski said it would take two years to clear the fallen trees , and decades the lost natural habitat to recover . He called it \" undoubtedly the worst disaster the history Polish - and perhaps even European - forestry \" . It is estimated the storms brought down eight million cubic metres lumber 45,000 hectares forest . Some the hardest hit areas were Torun , Gdansk , and Poznan - all the northern and western parts the country . Torun alone , the storms left more 23,000 hectares damaged forest . It also destroyed the habitats rare species . a statement ( Polish ) , Polish State Forests said they found \" destroyed bird nests \" and \" dead animals that failed to escape the storm . \" The disaster comes the Polish government faces criticism logging Europe 's oldest forest , which is situated the east the country . The Bialowieza forest is a Unesco world heritage site that sits Poland 's border Belarus , and is home rare wildlife . Unesco , EU officials , and green activists have all opposed logging there and last month the European Union 's top court ordered large-scale logging operations be immediately stopped . Logging banned Europe 's oldest forest The Polish government responded saying logging was necessary to protect the forest an infestation bark beetle . The European Court Justice will meet a few months to determine the injunction will remain place . The European Commission is taking legal action Warsaw , and Poland loses the case it will be liable multimillion euro fines .", "Arbroath moved third a comfortable 4-0 victory Clyde . Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0 , Stirling Albion moved seventh a 3-2 win second-placed Elgin City . Edinburgh City snatched all three points their game Annan thanks Ryan Porteous' late header . Forfar went ahead Berwick when David Cox scored just the interval a neat header six yards . Lewis Milne then added a second four minutes time . Bobby Linn was target the 31st minute Arbroath ; finding the bottom corner a neat finish . Martin Scott scored two two minutes the second half to clinch victory the Red Lichties , who leapfrog their visitors the table , Ryan McCord added a fourth late on . Nikolay Todorov fired Cowdenbeath ahead the penalty spot the 20th minute Cammy Ballantyne fouled Kris Renton the area . And it went bad worse the visitors when Ballantyne was shown a red card the 29th minute a foul Craig Johnston . The hosts extended their lead Renton 's 57th-minute header . Elgin took the lead Stirling when Darryl McHardy found the bottom corner a left-footed strike the 29th minute . However , the visitors equalised early the second half when Marc McKenzie headed home the back post an Eddie Ferns cross . Stirling moved ahead when Blair Henderson pounced close range Sean Dickson 's shot had been saved the goalkeeper . Brian Cameron thought he had rescued a point his side a 76th-minute strike , but Jamie Mills scored the winner late on .", "Gerry McGowan , Michael Toner , Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly were all teenagers when they were accused killing Lt Steven Kirby 1979 . The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland their acquittal 1998 . They are now involved a civil case the police wrongful arrest . They four men also say they were subjected false imprisonment , assault , battery and malicious prosecution . The PSNI told the BBC it would be inappropriate to comment legal proceedings . Friday , lawyers the PSNI chief constable submitted documents the High Court Belfast indicating all original interview notes 1979 were missing . \" I suppose my first reaction was one disbelief but the same time it was not surprising ,\" said Gerry McGowan . \" These documents could have been forensically tested to determine the statements were tampered . \" Were they wilfully destroyed or was it just complete incompetence ? \" It is understood no explanation was provided how the notes had gone missing . It is yet another twist a long battle justice , according Paul O'Connor the Pat Finucane Centre . \" It is an incredible coincidence this particular case the interview notes have gone missing ,\" he said . \" It would be vital to get the bottom this to see what was written the original interview notes and this is quite a blow them . \" My heart goes the four men , clearly they have been vindicated terms having the charges withdrawn but they 've had no justice . \" The four men have now lodged an application the release covert tape recordings the interviews , which they believed were made the security services .", "Media playback is unsupported your device 12 September 2015 Last updated 12:39 BST The world 's most experienced space flier was also joined two crewmates , including Denmark 's first-ever astronaut . Andreas Mogensen the European Space Agency and Aidyn Aimbetov both spent less 10 days orbit . The three spacemen made their parachute landing central Kazakhstan leaving the International Space Station ( ISS ) 9.39pm Friday . Mogensen said the crew had had \" a fantastic mission \" the ISS , whose nine members represented five different nationalities the time . \" This is a superb example what can be achieved together when we work together borders and boundaries ,\" he added . Pictures NASA TV .", "The number two seeds completed a 44-38 victory China , who were champions London four years ago . Find how to get fencing our special guide . Romania , who finished sixth the team epee London , were control the game winning the opening bout . The Russian team secured their sixth bronze these games a narrow 37-31 victory Estonia . Subscribe the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick news , features and video sent your inbox .", "An ultra low emission zone London the most polluting cars will come force April 2019 and reports say other cities will follow suit . The government will also produce a new air quality plan the end April . But Theresa May has said she will \" take account \" drivers encouraged to buy diesel cars previous governments . Former Labour Chancellor Gordon Brown introduced a lower vehicle tax 2001 to encourage people to buy diesel cars , they were more economical and thought to be less harmful terms carbon dioxide emissions . But there has been increasing concern experts the vehicles emit dangerous levels nitrogen dioxide , which is thought to have caused thousands premature deaths the UK . The government has to produce a new air quality plan receiving a \" final warning \" the European Commission breaches legal air quality levels the UK . It also lost two court cases 2015 and 2016 pollution levels brought environmental lawyers ClientEarth . To tackle the issue , a so-called \" toxin tax \" is expected to be rolled several cities , charging drivers diesel cars \u00c2 \u00a3 20 day to come urban areas . Mayor London Sadiq Khan announced Tuesday such a scheme - creating an the ultra low emission zone the capital - would come force two years' time , a charge \u00c2 \u00a3 12.50 petrol cars that do not meet Euro 4 standards and diesel vehicles that do not meet Euro 6 standards . But motoring organisations have said diesel car drivers are being \" punished \" following a previous government 's policy . Mrs May has now hinted there will be schemes to help drivers who were told diesel vehicles were the right purchase . Speaking her trip Jordan and Saudi Arabia , she said : \" Decisions will be taken when we produce that [ air quality ] plan . \" But I 'm very conscious the fact past governments have encouraged people to buy diesel cars and we need to take that account when we look what we do the future . \" She did not set any specific plans , but there have been reports a scrappage scheme that could pay people to get rid their diesel vehicles .", "McCann is \" delighted \" the seven new faces he has signed recent weeks , but admits it has been tough . \" Identifying guys has been hard the club really does n't have any recruitment system it ,\" he said . \" It 's something I 'll be speaking our managing director , John Nelms , it 's so important . \" Facing his first full season Dundee boss , McCann says recruitment is \" top the list priorities \" any manager and he is hoping to makes strides that area ahead the January transfer window . \" We need help ,\" he added . \" We 've been chasing our tails a bit this time . We need a database come January , we want to strengthen , we have a list we can choose rather running crazy 24 hours a day taking calls , looking Wyscout , looking games . \" the difficulty , Dundee have managed to sign striker Sofien Moussa , midfielder Glen Kamara , defender Jack Hendry , winger Randy Wolters , midfielder Roarie Deacon and striker Rory Loy . Midfielder Scott Allan has also moved Dens Park a season-long loan Celtic . \" It 's been a real team effort the staff this summer ,\" McCann said . \" We 've all mucked and done our homework . \" You would n't believe the number hours that have been put recruitment . It 's been extensive . \" I 'm delighted the guys we 've brought . They offer us something we did n't have . We have two different types now a lot key positions . \" McCann hopes recent recruit Moussa will receive clearance to complete his move Tuesday 's League Cup match away Raith Rovers . Dundee were knocked the competition the group stage last season and McCann , who took April and was named permanent manager June , is determined to avoid a repeat . \" I do n't want to use these games a warm-up ,\" he said . \" It 's important we start building a winning mentality the first game the season - starting Tuesday . \" I do n't think you can go the season half-cocked . \" We will give every team we face the same respect we 'd show Rangers or Celtic . We will be ready . \"", "Faull was part the famous British and Irish Lions side who beat New Zealand Auckland 1959 . He made 12 appearances Wales and played four the six Tests the 1959 Lions tour . He also played three times the Barbarians . John was also the son former international referee and former president the Welsh Rugby Union , Wilf Faull .", "The 40-year-old 14-time major champion twice had back surgery 15 months returning December , when he tied 15th the 17-man Hero World Challenge . the next five weeks he plays four full-field tournaments . \" That is a concern , no doubt it , but I 'm also looking forward it . I 've sat long enough ,\" Woods said . \" I 've gone some pretty tough lows . There were points when I did n't know I would swing a golf club again . \" But I do feel good it . I just need to get out there and do it and see what happens . \" Woods begins his 2017 season the Farmers Insurance Open San Diego , which begins Thursday . He will then play the Dubai Desert Classic 2-5 February , followed the Genesis Open Riviera 16-19 February and the Honda Classic Palm Beach Gardens 23-26 February . \" I 've got my body a pretty good state where I feel I can handle that workload , but I 've still got to go out there and do it ,\" he added . \" Feeling good it and doing it are two totally different things . \" Media playback is not supported this device", "The woman , who has asked to remain anonymous , said it happened just 20:00 BST Sunday . She said the man was dressed dark clothes and asked her to call an ambulance . \" It was a terrible shock . You just do n't know who you 're answering the door ,\" she said . The shooting happened Glenwood Drive , Poleglass . The victim , a 56-year-old man , is a stable condition hospital . The woman told BBC News she was waiting her grandson to come when the man came her door and said there were lots children the area . \" I did n't get much sleep , I 've been up all night my stomach churning ,\" she said . \" It does n't bear thinking the kids had seen the shooting . \" The woman said she and a neighbour tended the man waiting the ambulance , which she said arrived quickly and took him away . She said she does not think the man was local her area . Stephen Magennis , a Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 councillor , said the man had been shot \" five or six times the leg \" . \" I 've said a long time now regarding punishment attacks that no guns at all should be brought the streets ,\" he said . \" The message needs to come loud and clear the community and hopefully these groups will listen . \"", "Canadian Roger Thomas Clark is said to have been a key adviser Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht . The US Department Justice alleged Mr Clark advised Ulbricht the best way to run the site and how to evade the police . The Silk Road website was shut late 2013 following raids the FBI and other law enforcement agencies . It was a marketplace sited the dark web which many people bought illegal drugs . May this year Ross Ulbricht was sentenced life prison creating and running the site . The DoJ alleges Mr Clark was a \" high-ranking \" operator the Silk Road and was instrumental helping Ulbricht run it . He gave advice ways to improve the technology underpinning the site , boost sales and the best way Ulbricht to hide his real identity , said US authorities . Mr Clark was paid \" least hundreds thousands dollars \" this advice , said the DoJ a statement announcing the arrest . \" Clark may have thought residing Thailand would keep him reach US authorities , but our international partnerships have proven him wrong ,\" said FBI assistant director Diego Rodriguez . the site and other underground forums , Mr Clark is believed to have used several nicknames including \" Variety Jones , \" VJ \" , \" Cimon \" and \" Plural Mongoose \" . Extradition proceedings have been started Mr Clark to transfer him a jail Thailand the US . He faces charges narcotics conspiracy and money laundering . found guilty both charges he could face 30 years jail .", "The 42-year-old man was discovered wetland the Medmerry Nature Reserve , Earnley , Tuesday Coastguards . Sussex Police said the incident , which took place the Selsey area about 17:00 GMT , was being treated a \" tragic accident \" . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed . A spokesman Sussex Police said they believed the AAIB would be \" leading the investigation the cause the crash \" .", "The African champions take the Europeans Jeju , South Korea , they look to seal a place the quarter-finals . Chambeshi has watched his side play some attractive football the group stage and is looking more the same Wednesday . \" They have a strong team but we are the African champions , least that morale is motivating us a lot ,\" said Chambeshi . He said his team had fully recovered the 1-0 defeat they suffered Costa Rica their final Group C match . \" We are representing Africa and I think we have the strength and power to match Germany . They have a strong team but we are the African champions \" We have to respect them , but they have to respect us too . \" Zambia 's prospects have been boosted the return captain Solomon Sakala who sat the Costa Rica game suspension . \" I 'm happy the captain is back the team ; morale is high and the boys are looking forward the game . \" Chambeshi was part Zambia 's Olympic squad thrashed 4-0 Germany the 1988 Games Seoul . However , he said revenge was not his main motivation but getting the result to see them the next stage . \" football , there is no revenge ; we know everyone is looking that [ Seoul ' 88 defeat ] , but we buried that Seoul Olympics defeat . \" We have to do our very best we overcome Germany . \" That time Germany had [ Jurgen ] Klinsmann who was a high-class player . \" We also had good players , but now it 's a different scenario . \"", "Mr Yanukovych flew China Sochi southern Russia the meeting . He also cancelled a visit Malta . Last month he shelved a partnership deal the EU , triggering angry protests Ukraine 's capital Kiev . Jailed opposition politician Yulia Tymoshenko has reportedly called a prison hunger strike . The former prime minister 's daughter , Eugenia , said her mother had accepted a request protesters Kiev to stop the fast . She had reportedly begun the hunger strike 25 November protest Mr Yanukovych 's failure to sign the EU deal . Thousands anti-Yanukovych protesters remain the government building Kiev 's Independence Square , braving bitter cold . They are furious he made an 11th-hour U-turn relations the EU , refusing to sign the association agreement that had been prepared years negotiations . Sochi , Mr Yanukovych discussed \" preparation a future treaty strategic partnership \" Russia , his press service said . The talks covered various economic issues , the statement said , elaborating . Mr Putin has been urging Ukraine to join Russia 's customs union Belarus and Kazakhstan - a union whose entry terms are far less demanding the EU 's . recent months Russia has put Ukraine economic pressure , imposing long customs delays the border and banning imports Ukrainian sweets . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , a Tymoshenko ally and leader the main opposition faction parliament , condemned the talks Sochi . \" Their attempts to sell Ukraine Russia have not ended any way ,\" he said . \" Yanukovych tries to sign anything Russia the customs union it will lead a bigger wave protests . \"", "More 350 Roma people had lived the camp La Petite Ceinture mid-2015 . Activists said many left early ahead the police action . The site belongs the national rail authority SNCF . France has one Europe 's toughest policies Roma . Most live camps that are regularly demolished and every year thousands are deported . Amnesty International urged city authorities to find a lasting housing solution those evicted Paris - saying they would become homeless mid-winter . Hundreds thousands Roma - mostly Romania and Bulgaria - have moved western Europe the 1990s . The Council Europe , the region 's main human rights body , warned evictions were \" counter-productive \" they disrupted education and healthcare Roma children . Council Europe Secretary General Thorbjorn Jagland said it was crucial French authorities to provide \" adequate , alternative accommodation \" those evicted , \" particularly they have decided to take this action winter \" . France 's unwanted Roma", "Hythe Ferry runs Hythe and Southampton , serviced a train which runs a 640m ( 2,000ft ) pier . The presenter lent his support a community group 's aim to take the management the pier and train . Its current operator said numbers using the ferry had been falling . Earlier this year , Hythe Ferry Ltd warned staff possible redundancies , having suffered a \" year-on-year decline \" passenger numbers and faced higher operating costs . More 9,000 people have signed a petition calling the service to be saved . Peter King , the Hythe Hythe Pier Train and Ferry Action Group , said members wanted to create a \" viable modern ferry \" a charitable trust taking the management the Victorian pier and \" relieving \" the ferry operators the costs maintaining it . He said a redevelopment project could cost \u00a3 2-3m but a trust would be able to access other sources finance , including lottery grants . Mr Snow said : \" This train is the oldest running pier train anywhere the world , I 'm campaigning to keep it open . We need to do everything we can to keep this extraordinary piece our past running . \"", "Corran \" Coz \" Powell , 21 , died following the collision Braintree , Essex , December 2014 . His family is raising money to buy a particular area land which he dreamed running outdoor survival courses disadvantaged young people . The centre would also be used a venue new bands and charity events . \" I ca n't think anything else we could have done that was more fitting , or more Coz ,\" his mother Gennie said . \" I think he 'd be 100 % it . he 's watching now he 'd be saying ' Come Mum , keep going ' . Mrs Powell said even they could not raise enough money to buy the land \" he loved and built his plans \" , his relatives would make sure they followed \" even it 's just three acres \" . Mrs Powell said her son , who was Gosfield , Essex , dreamt \" teaching other young people to understand , be safe and respect our countryside \" . \" He loved being active outdoors and having been introduced woodland survival was passionate the skills and confidence it gave him ,\" she said . the family 's fundraising page , Mrs Powell wrote : \" We have the skills and knowledge to set the kind Centre that Coz had mind but we do not have the money . \" The family will contribute money paid Mr Powell 's car insurance life cover its \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 target .", "Syd 's Garden will be \" laced little clues \" the singer , according Stephen Pyle . Designed a restful area patients and staff , it will open the grounds Addenbrooke 's Hospital Cambridge 2018 . Barrett , a founder member Pink Floyd , died 2006 living locally a semi-recluse . Read more Cambridgeshire stories here The garden has been designed sculptor Mr Pyle and Paul Herrington , a garden designer . Their charity , Art Garden Health , creates and maintains green spaces NHS hospitals no public cost . Addenbrooke 's offered them a plot a year ago - and fundraising got way . Mr Pyle knew Barrett a young man when the two began Saturday art classes Cambridge 's Homerton College . They were also members band Those Without , which toured Cambridge youth clubs and pubs 1963 and 1965 . They studied together the Cambridge School Art Barrett left London - and Mr Pyle began a career theatre set design . \" Syd 's sister said he liked roses ,\" said Mr Pyle . \" And there 'll be a striped colour theme , which fans will recognise . \" The artwork his first solo album is turquoise and orange , and Paul worked those colours . \" There 's also a nod Abbey Road 's crossing . \" The centrepiece will be a circular sculpture , depicting a teenage Barrett a bicycle , armed a guitar and a paint palette . \" This was the Syd I knew art school ,\" said Mr Pyle . \" The 18-year-old , the free wheeler . \" He was n't ambitious glory , just very creative and anarchic . He was very charismatic - and very , very talented . \" He described Barrett a \" celebrated son Cambridge \" , who returned the city and lived a recluse his death 2006 . October 2016 a specially-designed artwork unveiled the foyer the Cambridge Corn Exchange October 2016 , where he played his last live gig . A blue plaque was also dedicated him Cambridge part BBC Music Day 2017 .", "The footage shows Mr Duterte and his supporters making light the assault prison inmates 1989 when he was town mayor . He said the female missionary was so beautiful \" the mayor should have been first \" . Critics say this shows Mr Duterte is \" unfit \" the office president . Mr Duterte 's supporters however have dismissed the comments a joke . The candidate is known his irreverent speeches and boasts sexual conquests . One recent poll had him leading other contenders ahead the 9 May election . The rape comments a YouTube video are the latest a string inflammatory statements - including the proposed mass executions suspected criminals - made Mr Duterte . the video he refers the missionary who was murdered ministering a prison the city Davao the southern Philippines and goes to make his remark laughter a campaign rally . President Benigno Aquino 's spokesman Herminio Coloma said the comments reflected Mr Duterte 's \" lack fitness the presidency \" and his \" utter lack respect women \" . A rival presidential candidate , Vice-President Jejomar Binay , called the comments revolting . \" You are a crazy maniac who does n't respect women and does n't deserve to be president ,\" Mr Binay told Mr Duterte a statement . Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) Deputy Asia Director Phil Robertson said the comments \" were a disgusting endorsement sexual violence \" which Mr Duterte should be utterly condemned . 2015 , HRW described Mr Duterte the death squad mayor his tactics dealing violent crime Davao , more 1,000 people being killed .", "The images were all taken midday-to-midday 16 and 17 April and the contest was open anyone a camera or a mobile phone . The overall winner was Paolo Ferla who took \" Electric Bristol \" - a picture the Clifton Suspension Bridge . Megan Witty , 24 Hours Bristol , said the judges had had \" an incredibly tough job \" picking a winner . The competition involves entrants being \" randomly allocated \" one hour the day or night which they must take at least one photograph . Mr Ferla , Bath , said he was \" delighted \" to have won . He said he used a 10 second self-timer and then ran the shot . \" Ten seconds is not very long it took quite a few attempts - when we got there the sky was still quite bright , so we sat there nearly 20 minutes waiting the sky to get darker . \" It 's a beautiful bridge and as soon the sun sets it and the sky gets darker and the electric lights come - it just comes life . \" Ms Witty said the six judges \" did n't always agree \" and one said it had been \" heartbreaking \" some not to win . She said about 75 % were taken cameras and about 25 % mobile phones . The exhibition is the Harbourside Arts Centre Millennium Square and runs the middle June .", "The world 's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales $ 94.6bn , down 2 % , and net earnings $ 4.9bn , 5 % lower . It said revenues were likely to slip further 2017 , $ 90.5bn and $ 92.5bn . But the US company also expects to deliver more commercial aircraft and to improve its earnings share . \" Looking forward , our team is intent accelerating productivity and programme execution ,\" said chairman and chief executive Dennis Muilenburg . the period , Boeing made 748 commercial aircraft deliveries , down 762 2015 , claiming to have led the market \" the fifth consecutive year \" . It also delivered fewer military planes - particular , its new CH-47 Chinook helicopter and its F / A-18 fighter jet - sales the division slipped 7 % . Revenue also fell the firm 's space and services divisions weaker demand satellites and aircraft modernisation . However , overall group earnings surged 59 % the fourth quarter the year demand the company 's commercial planes ticked . Boeing also projected higher commercial deliveries this year 760 and 765 aircraft . The company 's shares were up more 2 % early trading New York .", "Cassells won the title fellow Coleraine man Peter Chambers last year . Chambers , meanwhile , helped the British four take silver defending world and European champions Switzerland . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates were fifth the quadruple sculls final Alan Campbell third the B single scull final . London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist Campbell said afterwards he had been suffering badly hay fever the weekend Germany . Cassells and Scrimgeour dominated the lightweight pair final and had three seconds to spare Denmark the finish . The lightweight pair is a non-Olympic boat class but Cassells and Scrimgeour will have reminded the Great Britain coaches their selection claims the lightweight four . Chambers , Mark Aldred , Jonno Clegg and Chris Bartley led the fours final the halfway stage the Swiss took control to win a length . Enniskillen 's Holly Nixon and her Great Britain crew mates Rosamund Bradbury , Jess Leyden and Kristina Stiller were going along well fourth place catching a crab just the halfway mark which stalled the boat momentarily . They eventually finished fifth winners Germany and will now finalise their preparations the Olympic qualifying regatta Lucerne a fortnight 's time . There was success Ireland the men 's lightweight double sculls when brothers Gary and Paul O'Donovan County Cork rowed leaders Norway the closing 500m to clinch gold . Reigning world champions France and silver medallists Great Britain - Coleraine 's Richard Chambers and Will Fletcher - were missing the field but that does n't detract a memorable moment Irish rowing . There was a second medal Ireland the women 's single sculls when London Olympian Sanita Puspure took bronze scullers Austria and Latvia .", "Australia had a first-innings lead 155 runs bowling their hosts 105 Pune . The tourists scored 285 the second innings , setting India a record target 441 to win . However , India were all out 107 they lost three days , left-arm spinner Steve O'Keefe taking 6-35 . a turning pitch , O'Keefe also took 6-35 the first innings , fellow spinner Nathan Lyon snared five wickets total - figures 4-53 the second innings - Australia 's spin duo outperformed their Indian counterparts . Visiting captain Steve Smith also played a key part the victory he scored 109 the second innings , his maiden Test century India . The win was Australia 's first India 2004 . \" I 'm really proud how boys have performed ,\" said Smith . \" O'Keefe was absolutely outstanding the match . \" India captain Virat Kohli was critical his team , describing it their \" worst batting display two years \" . \" We got outplayed this match . We have to take it the chin ,\" he added . \" We never took them granted but we were never good enough the three days . \" India , the top-ranked Test team , have not lost a home Test series 2012 and the second match starts Bangalore Saturday , 4 March .", "Jockey James Best edged ahead the Neil Mulholland-trained seven-year-old ( 25-1 ) and held to finish half a length clear . Last year 's winner Theatre Guide ( 11-1 ) had to settle third , Double Shuffle ( 11-2 ) finishing second . \" It 's days this that mean so much , this is the biggest day my racing career ,\" said Best . \" You 've no idea how much it means and how grateful I am to be given an opportunity a day this . \" There was a slight blip the celebrations Best was unshipped shortly the line . He added : \" I 'd done celebrating , I was trying to pull him . I delivered him as late I dare , the fact he is so quirky , and sure enough he 's dropped his shoulder - you have to expect the unexpected him . \"", "The research was carried scientists the Royal College Surgeons Ireland , University College Dublin , the University Edinburgh and the Hebrew University Jerusalem . They say it shows the divergence may have began 360 years ago . It also suggests Travellers are closely connected Irish settled people . The researchers found any genetic disparities Travellers and settled people the Republic are largely due them remaining genetically isolated several centuries and their numbers decreasing . It is thought there are about 30,000 people living the Republic Ireland who are members the Travelling community , representing 0.6 % the total population . Previously it had been thought Travellers had become displaced 1845 and 1852 a result the Great Famine . \" The findings confirm the Irish Traveller population has an Irish ancestry and this comes a time where the ethnicity Travellers is being considered the Irish state ,\" the Royal College Surgeons' Prof Gianpiero Cavalleri said . \" It is important to emphasise Irish Travellers show clear features a genetic isolate , they are genetically very close settled people Ireland . \" It is also interesting to observe the isolation Travellers settled people predates the Great Famine . \" However it 's important to emphasise our research estimates the beginning the social divergence the Travelling community , rather their origin . \" DNA samples 42 Irish Travellers were compared that 143 European Roma , 2,232 settled Irish , 2,039 British , 5,964 European and 931 individuals the rest the world the study . Several genetic dating methods were also used to estimate the period when the travelling community began to split genetically the settled population Ireland .", "The stretch road the A890 was closed following rock falls last month , it was later partially reopened . Highland Council said work to further stabilise rock the area would continue the next two three weeks . The local authority is seeking a long term solution the bypass .", "The bodies Ronald Kidd , 40 , and Holly Alexander , 37 , were discovered a tenement Rosefield Street , the city 's west end , about 21:00 Sunday . The property was sealed police detectives and scenes crimes officers investigated . The man is expected to appear Dundee Sheriff Court Wednesday . Detectives said a review CCTV the are was being carried , house-to-house inquiries are continuing . Police have also appealed anyone information to come forward . Det Insp Brian Geddes , who is leading the investigation , said : \" I would be keen to hear anyone who heard or saw anything suspicious the Rosefield Street area , the days Thursday 8 December 2016 and Sunday 11 December 2016 . \"", "Media playback is not supported this device The 21-year-old 's success also guaranteed Britain a berth the event the Rio 2016 Olympics . The Brownlee brothers did not compete , their focus this year 's World Series competition and the Rio Olympic test event . Benson completed the event one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds . He was ahead Portugal 's Joao Silva (+ 11 seconds ) and Rostyslav Pevtsov (+ 33secs ) Azerbaijan . a strong swim , British team-mates Bishop ( 16th ) and Philip Graves ( 46th ) played a crucial role helping Benson the lead the cycling phase . the 10km run he broke free the chasing pack and the Leeds-based triathlete was briefly caught Aleksandr Latin Estonia he soon re-established his lead . \" I could n't have done it Tom and Phil ,\" said Benson . \" It was a real team effort . It 's a shame we could n't all get medals - but getting the gold is brilliant . \" London 2012 gold medallist Alistair Brownlee and world title-winning brother Jonny are expected to secure further Rio Olympic places Team GB performances the qualification event Brazil August . Benson will now hope to be included World Series races and the Rio test event order to enhance his prospects a place the squad the Rio Olympics . Triathlon , which consisted a 1.5km swim , 40km cycle and 10km run the European Games , is one three sports included Baku 2015 which have direct qualification possibilities next year 's Olympics Brazil .", "The museum closed last October to allow work to upgrade the building and provide more display space . half the project 's \u00a3 66m cost is being funded the council . April 2015 , the council provided \u00a3 5.7m to kick-start the building 's revamp , which houses treasures donated the city collector Sir William Burrell 1944 . The Burrell collection consists more 8,000 artefacts but fewer a fifth them have been show any one time . When it re-opens visitors 2020 , the basement the building will become part the exhibition space , 90 % the objects can be viewed the public . The Heritage Lottery Fund has given \u00a3 15m the project and the UK government has also contributed \u00a3 5m . It is hoped a fundraising campaign will raise the rest . Cllr Archie Graham said : \" Sir William 's great legacy has been described the greatest gift a city has ever received and we have a moral duty to ensure it is housed the finest buildings . \"", "Swindale Beck , Haweswater , was straightened to clear land grazing , but the resultant faster flows washed gravel away , making it less easy salmon and trout to spawn . summer a stretch was filled and replaced a meandering course . December , 16 salmon were spotted , five redds - disturbed gravel where eggs had been laid . The bend restoration project , involving United Utilities , the RSPB , Natural England and the Environment Agency , was also aimed alleviate flooding slowing the flow water the valley . Lee Schofield , RSPB site manager Haweswater , said : \" Habitat restoration is often a slow process and we normally do n't see the benefits our work years and sometimes even decades . \" It 's really uplifting and inspiring to work a project where we get the chance to experience success so soon we 've finished . \"", "The French authorities say the Airbus A310 , which set the Yemeni capital , should not have been allowed to fly , the AFP news agency reports . Most the 152 people killed the crash were French citizens visiting relatives the Comoros . There was just one survivor - a teenage girl who was rescued the sea . Many the passengers were travelling the Comoros , but had begun their journey Paris or Marseille another jet operated the national airline Yemen , boarding flight IY626 Sanaa . An association the victims' families , AFVCA , has welcomed the charge . \" It 's a great relief the families the victims who have waited four and a half years ,\" a spokesman the association told the BBC . \" Now the company will finally be forced to face its responsibilities . \" Yemenia has previously said bad weather - strong winds and high seas - was the more likely cause the crash . The carrier is not included the current European Union list banned airlines . The crash caused anger the Comorian community France people complained the aircraft had been poor condition . The plane was banned French airspace inspectors found numerous faults 2007 , according the then transport minister , Dominique Bussereau . Several European countries had also found a number problems when they inspected Yemenia aircraft prior the crash . Officials Yemen have previously said the plane had undergone a thorough inspection and conformed international standards .", "The 31-year-old Brazil forward , better known just her first name , has signed a two-year contract an option a third . She has recently been playing Sweden FC Rosengard . Marta was part the Brazil side which lost the 2007 World Cup final Germany China . Marta won five consecutive world player the year titles 2006-2010 and has finished the top three the voting every year 2004-2014 . Orlando City chief executive Alex Leitao said : \" We are incredibly proud to bring Marta Orlando , and I am personally very excited I have been a fan her many years . \" Our technical team worked hard to add the best , most accomplished women 's soccer player the world the roster . \"", "The only French side Super League had lost their last five matches a row including the 18-10 late defeat Huddersfield Magic Weekend . Frayssinous , 40 , is a former Catalans and France stand-off who became the first French coach the club when he replaced Trent Robinson 2012 . Coaches Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan and general manager Alex Chan will take charge the first team .", "Prince Jacques is next line the Monaco throne , a rich principality the southern French coast . A statement said both babies were doing well . Gabriella was born first , Jacques arriving two minutes later . Their father is Prince Albert II , 56 , son the late Hollywood actress , Grace Kelly . Charlene , 36 , is a Zimbabwean-born former Olympic swimmer . The couple married 2011 . The prince has two other children but they are excluded the throne they were born marriage . Ahead the birth , Prince Albert said the first child to be delivered would become next-in-line , the twins were the same sex . But the twins are mixed sex , Jacques takes the role , Monaco 's laws succession favouring males . The gender the twins had been kept a secret even their father Charlene 's pregnancy . Forty-two canon shots were fired to mark the babies' arrival , 21 each infant . It is the first time twins have been born Monaco 's royal family it was founded the 13th Century .", "Foster 's time 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification she finished second her first-round heat . However , Smyth exited the men 's 100m he finished fifth his heat 10.66 - . 44 secs his best . Reid , meanwhile , false started his heat and was disqualified . Paralympic star Smyth , 27 , appeared to start well heat four but faded 50m he finished fifth 10.66 seconds . \" I got the blocks really well and was a good position the early stages , however , I then tightened and people started to pass me ,\" explained Smyth . \" I was hoping to do better but I still have n't fully recovered my hamstring injury . \"[ But ] It has been an incredible experience me to represent Northern Ireland the Commonwealth Games I missed Delhi injury . \" London-born Reid 's first Northern Ireland outing proved a brief affair he false started heat three . Reid , 20 , switched allegiance Northern Ireland February his mother hails the province . Birchfield Harrier Reid won European Junior Championship 200m silver last year and his main focus Glasgow will be the longer sprint . Smyth is also scheduled to run the 200m these championships but the Londonderry man 's 2014 season has been badly affected hamstring trouble and the 100m is regarded his stronger event . A time 10.45secs would have secured a fastest loser 's progression Monday 's semi-finals . Foster looked to be a tricky heat but her time 11.62 - being . 22secs her best - earned her second spot Australia 's Melissa Breen [ 11.54 ] . the opening date athletics action the Games , Northern Ireland hopeful Gladys Ganiel produced a gutsy run to take 12th the women 's marathon her finishing time 2 hours 40.29 minutes , only 57 seconds her personal best set Berlin last September . The American-born runner was making her first appearance a major championship the age 37 . Ganiel is not a full-time athlete and her day job is working an assistant professor conflict resolution and reconciliation Trinity College , Dublin . Kenyan Flomena Cheyech Daniel took the gold medal 2:26.45 ahead her compatriot Caroline Kilel [ 2:27.10 ] Australia 's Jess Trengove [ 2:30.12 ] winning the bronze .", "Smoke bombs were let and bricks thrown police turned force to oversee hundreds far-right demonstrators marching town . They clashed anti-fascist demonstrators , leaving five people minor injuries . Kent Police said it seized more 20 weapons including a knuckle duster . Police said their operation ended 17:00 GMT they had arrested individuals possession offensive weapons , breaching the peace and public order offences . Banners and placards carried the right-wing marchers included those the North West National Front , neo-Nazi organisation Combat 18 and the Scottish Defence League . Counter-demonstrators included members Kent Anti-Racism Network , anti-fascist group Antifa and people Socialist Worker placards . They were addressed Diane Abbott , shadow secretary state international development . Earlier , six people were arrested suspicion violent disorder a service station the M20 which was closed several coaches believed to be the way the demonstrations were damaged . Police said officers were called a disturbance Maidstone services junction eight 10:51 GMT . Two coaches had swastikas daubed them blood following a clash two rival groups . A coach which left the scene was stopped junction 11 services Westenhanger . the day police took away weapons including a knife , pieces wood , glass , hammers and bricks . A police spokesman said he could not comment the motives those involved , or what groups they may or may not have been a part . Police warned Friday the demonstrations were expected to attract large numbers protesters , businesses and residents told to expect disruption .", "Douglas Carswell also told the BBC 's Sunday Politics the party needed to ensure it got the \" tone \" right order to attract more voters . It comes Mr Carswell said an article the Times Saturday Mr Farage \" needs to take a break now \" . A bitter internal row has developed UKIP Mr Farage 's resignation was rejected the party . Mr Carswell said : \" I 'm suggesting he takes a break leader . I 'm not suggesting he takes a break being leader . \" Clearly the national executive has the authority , they 're the ruling body . \" I 'm told they made a decision . I 'm told it was a procedurally correct decision , he is the leader but I think it 's important leader he takes a break and I think it 's important we work how these complex questions are answered a team . \" No one person has all the answers . I 'm particularly concerned tone , making sure we get a tone that ensures the 27 million people who did n't vote UKIP last week may be persuaded to vote us future . \" The party has been beset wrangling Mr Farage agreed to stay leader , days standing failing to get elected Thanet South . He had pledged the general election he would quit the post he failed to get elected Parliament . Senior aide Matthew Richardson has left the party , following claims MEP Patrick O'Flynn Mr Farage had fallen the influence \" inexperienced \" advisers . UKIP has also confirmed the departure Mr Farage 's chief staff Raheem Kassam . Mr Farage ruled quitting leader BBC 's Question Time Thursday , saying he had \" phenomenal \" support , and has challenged his critics to decide they want to stay the party . his article , Mr Carswell had said \" knowing how difficult it is to lead a party makes me admire Nigel Farage all the more \" . \" I know I never could ,\" he added , stressing he would find it \" impossible to simultaneously lead UKIP , be the voice the party the Commons , represent my Clacton constituents and the same time be a husband and a dad \" . However , he said \" even leaders need to take a break \" , adding : \" Nigel needs to take a break now . \" UKIP got nearly four million votes the election , but returned only one MP - former Conservative Mr Carswell the Clacton constituency .", "80,000 works art , ceramics , manuscripts , letters and photographs faced being auctioned to help pay the pottery firm 's pension debt . But a public fundraising campaign launched September hit its target just a month . Adminstrators Begbies Traynor said the collection will remain display the museum Barlaston , Staffordshire . The Art Fund , which led the campaign , will gift the collection the Victoria and Albert Museum , it is loaned the Wedgwood Museum . Administrator Bob Young said it had been \" incredibly satisfying \" to sign the sale Monday . \" Today 's fantastic outcome would n't have been possible the spirit goodwill and determination shown the often complex negotiations ,\" he said . The Wedgwood Museum inherited Waterford Wedgwood plc 's pension bill the firm collapsed 2009 . 2010 the museum also went administration , and 2011 a high court judge ruled its collection could be sold to reimburse the Pension Protection Fund . Alison Wedgwood , whose husband Tom is a direct descendant company founder Josiah Wedgwood , said the collection was \" important \" Staffordshire . The collection risked being \" sold and scattered the globe \" had the money not been raised , she added . Tristram Hunt MP , who was involved the campaign , said the sale was \" fantastic news \" . \" The items contained the Wedgwood collection chart a significant part Britain 's cultural development centuries and play a crucial part defining our national identity today ,\" he said .", "Its stature is built its geographical size ( twice that France and Germany combined ) , its prestige the custodian the birthplace Islam and its colossus status an oil producer - a quarter the world 's proven reserves its deserts . Its importance an oil exporting nation has made economic interdependence the West - where the main consumer demand is found - a necessity . This , turn , has led strong political and military relationships that times have been a source awkwardness both sides . It stands its espousal a puritan version Sunni Islam , including harsh punishments such public beheadings , and its restrictions women . Population 28.7 million Area 2.24 million sq km ( 864,869 sq miles ) Major language Arabic Major religion Islam Life expectancy 73 years ( men ) , 76 years ( women ) Currency Riyal Head state , prime minister : King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud The Al Saud dynasty holds a monopoly political power . Saudi Arabia was established 1932 King Abd-al-Aziz and he has been succeeded various sons . King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud ascended the throne January 2015 following the death his half-brother , King Abdullah . He has been part the ruling clique princes decades and is thought likely to continue the main thrusts Saudi strategic policy , including maintaining the alliance the United States and working energy market stability . Saudi investors are major players the pan-Arab TV industry , but the country has one the region 's most tightly-controlled media environments . The government openly acknowledges widespread internet filtering takes place . It targets \" pornographic \" , Islam-related , human rights and political sites . Saudi Arabia has the highest per-capita YouTube use any country the world . It is reportedly home more 40 % all active Twitter users the Arab region . Some key events Saudi Arabia 's history : 1932 - The areas controlled King Abd-al-Aziz are unified the name Kingdom Saudi Arabia . 1938 - Oil is discovered and production begins the US-controlled Aramco ( Arabian American Oil Company ) . 1960 - Saudi Arabia is a founding member Opec ( Organisation Petroleum Exporting Countries ) . 1973 - Saudi Arabia leads an oil boycott the Western countries that supported Israel the October War Egypt and Syria . Oil prices quadruple . 2001 11 September - 15 the 19 hijackers involved attacks New York and Washington are Saudi nationals . 2011 - '' Arab Spring '' protests ripple the region , Saudi troops participate crackdown unrest Bahrain . 2015 March - Saudi Arabia launches campaign air strikes Houthi rebels Yemen .", "The NSPCC 's Childline service said it counselled more 4,500 children the past year compared about 2,400 2011-12 . The total number suffering online abuse is thought to be far higher . Some children as young seven told Childline how they were tormented , abused and scared to go school . The charity said online trolls caused misery and humiliation thousands children . Childline 's president Dame Esther Rantzen said the figures should be a wake-up call . \" Bullying can wreck young people 's lives , especially now the bullies do n't stop the school gates ,\" she said . \" Cyber-bullying can follow them home it becomes a persecution they cannot escape . \" It is imperative adults , parents and teachers , intervene to protect them , we have learned the years Childline callers bullying does not stop its own , left alone it gets worse . \" Schools must take this problem seriously , and all children must ask help . \" The report is being released the start Anti-Bullying Week which is coordinated the Anti Bullying Alliance . The group is working parents , schools and other organisations to help combat the problem . One young person who contacted Childline said : \" It might sound not much a problem but there 's a group people I play online and they told me to kill myself . I wo n't kill myself but it upsets me . \" My parents do n't realise how upset it 's making me and they tell me to stand myself or just not play anymore but they do n't know how hard that is . \" I do n't know why they have suddenly started picking me but it hurts so much . \" Advice given young people dealing bullying includes :", "The girl was forced a vehicle Bishop 's Stortford about 20:30 GMT 16 February and dropped the town 's railway station the following morning . An E-fit image the attacker has now been released . Police said the attack had caused \" concern the community \" . The girl was forced a dark-coloured vehicle , thought to be a Land Rover , and taken an unknown location , believed to be the county Hertfordshire , where she was sexually assaulted . Ch Insp Gerry McDonald Hertfordshire Police said : \" I believe local people hold the key our investigation . \" This is an extremely serious matter and one which , understandably , has caused concern the community . \" We have conducted a number inquiries the local area but would ask anyone who was around the times mentioned and who has not yet spoken police to contact us you have any information which may assist our investigation . \" I would like to reiterate this is an unusual incident and would reassure everyone investigations this incident are a priority . \"", "The cygnets and their mother had recently become a familiar sight Lisnarick , Irvinestown . Pat Masterson , who lives Lisnarick , photographed the swans shortly they were killed Tuesday evening . \" When I saw their mother walking them the road , all line , I stopped to take a picture ,\" said Ms Masterson . \" They 've visited our farm every day the last few weeks I 've photographed them before , but I thought the way the wee cygnets were following their mother was just so lovely I had to stop and watch . \" I still ca n't believe they were run so soon after . \" Enniskillen-based vet Kevin Leonard , who happened to be passing moments the birds were killed , said he was shocked what he saw . \" The five them were just lying a row the mother , who was injured as well . \" Four them were dead and the fifth was so badly mangled I had to put it an injection . \" The sixth one only had minor injuries , so I gave it an anti-biotic cream and guided it a nearby field its mother . \" It was actually quite an upsetting sight . I ca n't believe whoever killed them just drove . \" Paul Hoy , who had also stopped when he saw the dead swans , assisted the vet moving them safety . He said he was \" disgusted \" what he saw . \" A girl who was there said she saw the car running them and driving on . \" We 're all wondering how this could have been an accident - it 's a 30mph speed limit there and it was n't dark the swans were very visible . \" you ca n't see six swans the road , what are the chances you 'll see a child ? native wild birds , swans enjoy statutory protection the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and it is an offence to intentionally injure , take or kill a wild swan . The act similarly protects the eggs and nests swans . It is an offence to take or possess the egg a wild mute swan , or to damage or destroy the nest a mute swan use or being built . The RSPB said anyone who witnesses an offence swans or other wildlife should contact their police Wildlife Liaison Officer their local police station .", "May , Punch Taverns halted its plans The Corn Exchange , Crickhowell , protests which led villagers launching their own bid to buy it . a statement , Corn Exchange Action Group said they were thrilled Punch Taverns had agreed the deal . 180 people will become joint-owners it is signed . The plan is to set a new company , Corn Exchange Crickhowell Ltd , to try to secure planning permission to turn the building independent shops flats above . The group said enough money has been pledged to cover the agreed price \u00a3 300,000 VAT , but \" more funds will probably be needed to refurbish the building \" . Dean Christy , chairman Corn Exchange Community Investment Group , who has been leading the negotiations Punch Taverns , said : \" This is great news everyone who wants to ensure the future our High Street . \" Emma Bevan , chair the action group , said : \" We were right to stand the plans a supermarket our High Street - now we can create something which will make our community proud . \" a statement , Punch Taverns said : \" We recognise the strength feeling Crickhowell the town centre and its independent traders and we Punch are delighted we have been able to reach an agreement , subject contract , which satisfies all sides . \"", "2012 and 2015 , cases syphilis increased 76 % , 3,001 5,288 , gonorrhoea infections rose 53 % , 26,880 41,193 , Public Health England data reveals . The rise was notable men who have sex men . the same time , rates genital warts decreased , thanks a vaccination campaign . Rates sexually transmitted infections a group also went down slightly , totalling 434,456 . But experts say this could be fewer people came forward testing . Chlamydia was the most commonly diagnosed STI , accounting nearly half the cases diagnosed 2015 . Young people are routinely offered chlamydia screening , but only 13 % young men and 32 % young women were tested 2015 . The large fall genital warts - a 7 % drop - was seen young women , and experts say this was probably the national human papilloma virus vaccination programme . All girls aged 12 13 are offered the jab part the NHS childhood vaccination programme . The FPA charity 's chief executive , Natika Halil , said boys should be offered the vaccine too , which is something ministers are considering . Genevieve Edwards , Marie Stopes UK , said the statistics should \" set alarm bells ringing \" the availability sexual health services young people and men who have sex men . \" We have to keep a focus preventing sexual ill health , and providing prompt diagnosis and treatment those who need it ,\" she added . The British Association Sexual Health and HIV said the continued rise gonorrhoea was extremely disturbing , given the further spread drug-resistant infections . Dr Gwenda Hughes , head STI surveillance PHE , said : \" We need to do more to raise awareness STIs and how they can be prevented , especially the effectiveness using condoms . \" We recommend anyone having sex a new or casual partner uses condoms and tests regularly HIV and STIs . \"", "Belgium 's Gianni Meersman sprinted victory , Darwin Atapuma retained his overall lead being one the riders caught the collision . Colombian Atapuma lost more a minute , but organisers applied the 3km rule to determine finishing times . Froome and second-placed Alejandro Valverde were part the bunch sprint having been ahead the crash . The accident split the pack the closing stages and ended the race Dutch rider Steven Kruijswijk , who sustained a suspected broken collarbone . It was a second win this year 's Vuelta Meersman , who held the challenge Italy 's Fabio Felline and Kevin Reza France . Team Sky 's Froome is aiming to become the first man 38 years to win the Vuelta and Tour France the same season . 1. Gianni Meersman ( Bel / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 4hrs 16mins 41secs 2. Laurent Didier ( Lux / Trek ) same time 3. Kevin Reza ( Fra / FDJ ) 4. Luis Leon Sanchez ( Spa / Astana ) 5. Zico Waeytens ( Bel / Giant ) 6. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) 7. Romain Hardy ( Fra / Cofidis ) 8. Jempy Druecker ( Lux / BMC Racing ) 9. Kenneth Vanbilsen ( Bel / Cofidis ) 10. Jose Goncalves ( Por / Caja Rural ) 1. Darwin Atapuma ( Col / BMC ) 17hrs 39mins 52secs 2. Alejandro Valverde ( Spa / Movistar ) + 28secs 3 Chris Froome ( GB / Team Sky ) + 32secs 4. Nairo Quintana ( Col / Movistar ) + 38secs 5. Esteban Chaves ( Col / Orica ) same time 6. Gonzalez Sanchez ( Spa / BMC ) + 1min 7secs 7. Andujar Fernandez ( Spa / Movistar ) + 1min 10secs 8. Leopold Konig ( Cze / Team Sky ) + 1min 12secs 9. Peter Kennaugh ( GB / Team Sky ) + 1min 14secs 10. Gianluca Brambilla ( Ita / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 1min 22secs", "Nats Prestwick expects to handle more 250,000 flights the peak holiday season this year - an increase 15,000 last year . The company has announced a \u00c2 \u00a3 600m investment a new computer system . But it says government support is needed to improve the network \" ageing \" flightpaths . Paul Peers , head development Nats Prestwick , said : \" We are predicted to have the highest amount traffic we have ever had a summer period this year . \" We are expecting to have 15,000 more flights just July and August compared last year . \" We are ready that and our controllers have been doing a great job this point making sure we minimise the delays that people see and making sure we keep people safe the skies . \" We have been preparing this November , so the summer does n't come a surprise us , and we have a series events to make sure our controllers are ready the summer traffic . \" Indeed , this year , the build-up traffic has helped us that we 've had record days already that our controllers have dealt extremely well . \" But one the big challenges us is the design the airspace the future and the traffic growth . \" He added : \" We are investing \u00c2 \u00a3 600m the next few years the technology systems . \" fact , the Prestwick centre we are proud to say we have the first version iTec , our new flight data processing system , operation already and that is the first the UK . \" The skies are getting fuller every year and we are expecting to see increased traffic growth . \" But you think the airspace effectively motorways the sky , you think 1970s motorways today 's car traffic , we are a similar scenario . \" We are going to have to redesign our airspace and we are going to need government support to make sure we can do that the right way . \"", "It follows 55,000 job cuts announced earlier this year . The losses will come Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) , which is splitting the printer and PC business . The company says the cuts will save $ 2.7bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.76bn ) annual costs , the plan will cost $ 2.7bn to carry . a meeting Wall Street analysts , chairman and chief executive Meg Whitman said : \" We 've done a significant amount work the past few years to take costs and simplify processes and these final actions will eliminate the need any future corporate restructuring . \" The new structure proposed Ms Whitman sees HP Enterprise focusing primarily businesses and government agencies , and the PC and printing divisions the consumer market . The company currently has more 300,000 employees . \" The number is sadly larger some people might have expected , but I think it 's a reflection how much trouble HP has been having its services ,\" said Charles King , analyst the Silicon Valley IT consulting firm Pund-IT . \" I 'm frankly not sure HP is finished the layoffs . \" The company will not say where the cuts will fall , but part the plan involves changing the nature the workforce . The proportion workers what HPE calls \" low-cost locations \" is expected to rise 42 % now 60 % 2018 . The tech company has struggled the last decade to keep changing demands customers move away desktop computers . However , Hewlett-Packard is still one the world 's largest technology companies , revenues this year expected to top $ 50bn . The company famously started life a Palo Alto garage California 1939 and grew to be the guiding light what became known Silicon Valley . Its fortunes started to decline a series expensive and much criticised acquisitions including Compaq $ 25bn 2002 , consultants EDS $ 14bn 2008 and Autonomy $ 11bn 2011 . 2012 it lost its position the world 's leading supplier PCs Lenovo . The share price peaked the height the dot.com boom 2000 , and , two surges 2007 and 2010 , it has lost some 60 % its value then .", "Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( YAS ) figures show medics spent 32,000 hours waiting A & E departments 2015-16 compared 16,000 2014-15 . YAS said waiting time \" was one the most significant issues \" it faced . A shortage available hospital beds has been given one the problems causing knock-on delays A & E . Dr David Macklin , Executive Director Operations YAS , said handover waiting times were \" a system problem \" the NHS , not just Yorkshire , and said blame could not be attached individual hospitals . \" We have numerous occasions where we have multiple vehicles queued hospitals ,\" he said . \" Emergency departments Yorkshire are working incredibly hard to manage their demand and that means sometimes ambulances are queuing . \" Patients who are not seriously injured may need to wait . \" Professor Keith Willett NHS England said the increase waiting times was \" concerning \" and added there were \" a multitude reasons \" the rise . \" One the biggest problems is the pressure the beds the hospital ,\" he said . \" That 's the hospitals are finding it increasingly difficult to move patients and their care back the community . \" The figures were supplied a Freedom Information request the BBC . Just five hospitals - one each East , South and West Yorkshire and two North Yorkshire - accounted about 70 % the total waiting time . The handover time is counted only 15 minutes have elapsed A & E . The number hours spent the YAS handover patients was 12,000 2013-14 and about 16,000 2014-15 . Hull Royal Infirmary ( East Yorkshire ) 6,436 Northern General ( Sheffield , South Yorkshire ) 4,329 Pinderfields ( Wakefield , West Yorkshire ) 3,954 Scarborough District General 3,831 York District Hospital 3,384", "Kerry Reeves died two days being shot Abingdon 3 November . Billy Johnson , 20 , Ripon Court , Corby , Northamptonshire , and Charles Noble , 20 , Kempton Avenue , Northolt , Ealing , have both been charged her murder . They appeared Oxford Magistrates' Court and will next appear Oxford Crown Court Monday . Ms Reeves , 26 , was found Thornhill Walk . She was taken the John Radcliffe Hospital a critical condition where she later died . A post-mortem examination was carried Monday , where the preliminary cause death was given a gunshot wound the head .", "He died his home Cambridge following an illness lasting several months , a statement his website said . It added his funeral will be private , a memorial service to be held a later date . Hogwood worked many leading orchestras the world and was considered one the most influential exponents the early-music movement . The conductor founded the Academy Ancient Music ( AAM ) 1973 and directed the academy six continents some 30 years . The AAM also made more 200 CDs , including the first-ever complete cycle Mozart symphonies period instruments . his most famous recordings include the 1980 version Handel 's Messiah Emma Kirkby and Carolyn Watkinson , which was named BBC Music Magazine one the top 20 recordings all time . Hogwood studied keyboard Cambridge University Rafael Puyana and Mary Potts and later Zuzana Ruzickova and Gustav Leonhardt . His first positions were a keyboard player and musicologist the Academy Saint Martin-in-the-Fields Sir Neville Marriner , and was a founder member the Early Music Consort London . He was the artistic director the King 's Lynn Festival and Boston 's Handel and Haydn Society . He was also a tutor Harvard University , honorary professor music the University Cambridge and a professor-at-large Cornell University the US . \" Christopher had extraordinary generosity spirit ,\" Christopher Purvis , honorary president the AAM , said . \" He was a great ambassador historically informed music , the movement which he was a founder . And he was happy to see the orchestra he founded develop and grow he stepped director . \" The AAM 's music director Richard Egarr added : \" I am deeply saddened the news Christopher 's passing . Christopher provided a fantastic legacy me to build when I joined 2006 and I know he will be greatly missed all who knew and worked him . \" Speaking Sean Rafferty Radio 3 's In Tune , soprano Dame Emma Kirkby said : \" Some the best players that now lead orchestras all the world , they started him . \" Chris was a natural academic , an incredibly clever man . He had an amazing capacity to absorb information all kinds and a really sure sense how things would be he really tried to reproduce conditions ... a very genial person . \" David Thomas Trinity Laban Conservatoire Music and Dance , London added : \" He always said I want the music to speak itself it can , it 's good enough , it will\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 a very pleasant and lovely man . \"", "Dana was transported the Al-Mawa reserve Turkey four other lions , two bears and two tigers a three-month operation organised the animal welfare charity Four Paws . Staff found the cub , who they named Hajar , her cage Saturday . They are now waiting to see Dana will give birth a second cub . Dr Amir Khalil , a vet who accompanied the animals , told the Associated Press Sunday an ultrasound performed Turkey had shown she was carrying two . However , he warned the second cub might already have been born dead and been eaten Dana . Its fate will not be known another ultrasound is carried Monday . Four Paws said its team had initially been very concerned Dana would accept or kill Hajar the enormous stress she had endured . \" But luckily that was n't the case . She cleaned the cub and nursed it ,\" the charity added . \" This is a true sign she feels safe Al-Mawa . \" Hajar 's gender is unknown staff have not been able to examine the cub .", "The Chancellor will meet finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to set more details the UK 's bid to renegotiate its EU membership . Securing German backing is important the success British plans reform . David Cameron has already courted support Chancellor Angela Merkel . Mr Osborne said : \" The UK and German economies are the beating heart Europe , the engine growth and jobs . \" Together we make the world 's third-largest economy , only America and China , and the crisis ended , we have generated two-thirds EU growth . \" But the future holds challenges our economies . We must cut debt and boost productivity . To do this , we need a strong EU , fit today 's challenges and working the benefit all 28 member states . \" The UK 's reform and renegotiation plans aim to achieve this , which is why these talks key partners Europe are so important . \" Mr Osborne will also visit a Siemens factory the German capital and address an audience business leaders the annual conference the BDI , the Federation German Industries . May Germany 's Chambers Commerce and Industry warned a UK exit the EU would be \" disastrous \" the two countries . Volker Treier , deputy chief executive the organisation , told the BBC German business was \" astonished \" the UK was planning a referendum its EU membership . David Cameron 's renegotiation plans will be formally debated the first time the EU 's 28 leaders a summit Brussels mid-December .", "Mining firm OM Manganese was found guilty Friday - the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted Australia desecration a sacred site . The site is known Two Women Sitting Down and is Bootu Creek , north Tennant Creek . OM Manganese was fined A $ 150,000 ($ 134,000 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 88,000 ) . Peter Toth , CEO OM Holdings , which owns OM Manganese , said : \" The company never intended to harm , damage or disrespect the sacred site . \" \" We sincerely regret the damage and the hurt caused and I unreservedly apologise the site 's custodians and traditional owners ,\" he said . Two Women Sitting is associated Australia 's Kunapa people . OM Manganese was accused causing the collapse part the site , including a distinctive rocky outcrop known the Horse 's Head , July 2011 . Prosecutors told the Darwin Magistrates Court the company performed explosive blasting close the site to break ground , Australian broadcaster ABC reported . The company was permitted to mine the area , but was advised to steer clear sacred sites , and was warned early 2011 cracks were appearing rocks the Bootu Creek site , the broadcaster said . Dr Ben Scambary , chief executive officer the Aboriginal Areas Protection Authority , said the site was great significance Australia 's indigenous people . \" This site ... relates a dreaming story a marsupial rat and a bandicoot who had a fight bush tucker [ native Australian bush food ],\" he said . \" the creation ancestors fought , their blood spilled , turning the rock a dark-red colour that is now associated manganese . \" Kunapa community representative Gina Smith said : \" It will always remain a sacred site us , but it has been ruined and we do n't know what to do this has never happened the old people . \" It has been there thousands years part our culture and our story . \" Indigenous Australians believe the land is the mother creation , and is a living , breathing mass full secrets and wisdom , the BBC 's Phil Mercer Sydney reports .", "K Prithika Yashini , who was born male but underwent gender reassignment surgery , applied to become a police sub-inspector the southern state . But the state police board did not recognise a third gender , leading her to pursue a legal case it . A court Chennai ( Madras ) has now ruled her favour . \" I 'm excited ,\" Prithika was quoted saying India 's NDTV network . \" It 's a new beginning the entire transgender community . \" A ruling two judges Chennai 's high court said : \" The social impact such recruitment cannot be lost sight , it would give strength the case transgenders . \" Yashini must reach the finish line , and not be stopped and disqualified the middle . \" India 's supreme court recognised transgender people a third gender last April , five years the electoral commission added the category ballot forms . The ruling meant the government had to provide transgender people quotas jobs and education line other minorities , as well key amenities . There are an estimated two million transgender people India . the Times India reports Tamil Nadu police already have three transgender constables their books , reports other Indian media said Prithika will become the first officer the country . Prithika was born Pradeep Kumar and left her parents' home completing a computer studies course and undergoing surgery . She had wanted to be a police officer being a child , Indian media said . The court also ruled the result a police physical test , which Prithika failed being a second late a 100-metre dash , was not valid ."], "summary": ["A man has appeared in court after firearms, ammunition and cash were seized by police in Edinburgh.", "Four people accused of kidnapping and torturing a mentally disabled man in a \"racially motivated\" attack streamed on Facebook have been denied bail.", "West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.", "The reaction from BT's investors told us much about media regulator Ofcom's ruling on the fate of Openreach, the BT subsidiary that provides much of the UK's broadband infrastructure.", "Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.", "Queen's University Belfast is cutting 236 jobs and 290 student places due to a funding reduction.", "Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.", "Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson says none of the money from Eunan O'Kane's move to Leeds from Bournemouth will go to the playing squad.", "North Wales Police has been criticised at an inquest for sending an officer to speak to a hospital patient with paranoid schizophrenia.", "Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher has joined Sheffield Wednesday on an initial month-long loan.", "John \"Brad\" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.", "Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.", "Former England striker Andy Cole says he faces a \"long road ahead\" as he recovers from his recent kidney transplant.", "Pakistan has unblocked the video sharing site, YouTube, more than three years after it was banned for posting a video deemed insulting to Islam.", "Leicester Tigers winger Miles Benjamin is likely to be out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury, reports BBC Radio Leicester.", "Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed 218 people, government officials have confirmed.", "All images copyrighted.", "Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined HK$6m (\u00a3460,000) by Hong Kong regulators after it failed to detect a series of unauthorised transactions by one of its traders.", "South African police say four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of former actor on popular local TV series Generations.", "A shot was reportedly fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool as parents were taking their children inside, police have said.", "Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.", "A total of 228 candidates will contest the Northern Ireland Assembly election next month - 48 fewer than last time.", "With the value of the pound falling dramatically since Brexit, a \"flash crash\" last week when the currency lost 6% of its value against the dollar, and news on Tuesday that the pound had fallen again, when would be a good time to change those pounds to dollars?", "A philosophy student who wears vintage clothing has won a national contest for alternative models.", "Plans to move a statue depicting a Royal Marine in the Falklands conflict away from Portsmouth seafront have been criticised.", "A suspected terrorist has been charged with breaching conditions imposed as part of the government's new terror monitoring powers.", "Sussex have appointed former player James Anyon as head coach of their women's side.", "League One side Bury have signed former Barnsley defender Reece Brown on a six-month contract.", "South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($242; \u00c2\u00a3199) a month.", "Azhar Ali's unbeaten 66 helped Pakistan to reach 142-4 against Australia on a rain-affected first day of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.", "Two new councillors have been elected in a by-election in the City of Edinburgh.", "Wales Under-20 Grand Slam winners Shaun Evans and Dafydd Hughes have signed their first professional contracts with Scarlets.", "Fire crews are expected to leave the site of the Shoreham Airshow disaster later after spending nearly three weeks at the scene of the crash.", "White House officials will not say whether pop star Prince performed at a weekend party at the executive residence despite guests posting about it on social media.", "These roads in Northern Ireland are closed due to poor weather conditions as of Friday 15 January.", "US investigators have closed an inquiry into whether To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee was pressured into publishing a sequel.", "The US has said it is suspending talks with Russia over Syria, accusing Moscow of having \"failed to live up\" to its commitments under a ceasefire deal.", "A church in West Yorkshire has recruited a new vicar following a video job advertisement sung by a choir of children.", "Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne says he will be out for about 10 weeks after injuring his right knee during Wednesday's League Cup semi-final victory over Everton.", "A 34-year-old woman who was injured in an attack by a knifeman on a Swiss train has died in hospital, police say.", "A \"reckless drone operator\" is being sought by police after reports of a \"near miss\" between a drone and plane.", "A seal found tangled in nets on an Aberdeenshire beach has been returned to the sea.", "A lifetime of diaries, letters and photographs of a man described as a cross between Indiana Jones, James Bond and Graham Greene has opened to the public.", "Regional official Tim Roache has been elected to become the new general secretary of the GMB union.", "League Two Exeter City made a profit of over \u00a31.6m last year, according to the club's latest accounts.", "Para-athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after a metal throwing cage fell on him during training.", "Manufacturers have reported positive business trends, in the latest survey from the Scottish Chambers of Commerce.", "A computer model of one of the world's tallest three-sided obelisks is being made to find out why it is falling apart.", "Profit jumped at Zara owner Inditex in the first half of the year as the firm opened new stores and invested in online.", "A victim of the Rochdale grooming gang says the convictions were still \"not fazing\" Asian child sex abusers.", "John Lewis's Nottingham store is to remain closed longer than expected after 80,000 litres of hot water leaked from a ruptured heating pipe.", "New Sale Sharks chairman Fran Cotton has conceded they must work to restore their relationship with some fans.", "Disney's latest animation Moana dominated the Thanksgiving box office over the five-day US holiday weekend.", "British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford with a straight-set win over Julia Boserup.", "Two men have been assaulted in Larne, County Antrim, by a gang armed with baseball bats and a hatchet.", "Stuart Bingham may pull out of the Masters if his wife goes into labour with their third child.", "Part of Colwyn Bay pier is to be dismantled after it collapsed into the sea, Conwy council has decided.", "A campaign group has been granted a hearing to examine the case for a judicial review of the decision to build student flats near a beauty spot.", "More human remains have been found near a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.", "Uzbekistan's Hasanboy Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight with victory over Colombian Yuberjen Herney Martinez.", "University lecturers are due to start a two-day strike over pay, amid warnings other staff could join the dispute.", "Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with Yokohama FC at the age of 48.", "Clashes have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.", "Sale Sharks forward Mark Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season to take up a teaching role.", "The quality of care on a scandal-hit ward for dementia patients may have contributed to at least seven deaths, BBC Wales can reveal.", "A 25-year-old man from Limavady has been jailed for knocking out two men in separate attacks on the same night.", "The United States women's team goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for 30 days by US Soccer following an incident during a training camp.", "A barrister who was due to move into his own chambers in Huddersfield has pleaded guilty to supplying cocaine.", "Scottish engineering services company ID Systems Ltd has announced plans to create 120 new jobs after securing a six-figure investment from UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE).", "Actor and broadcaster Sir Tony Robinson has said plans for a tunnel near Stonehenge in Wiltshire are too \"old-fashioned\" in outlook.", "Scunthorpe midfielder Neal Bishop has signed a one-year contract extension.", "A man from Croydon has been charged with murder after the death of his partner last month.", "A Frenchwoman injured in the attack on Tunisia's national museum has died of her wounds, bringing the total killed in the assault by Islamists to 22.", "Satellite images of Mosul have revealed how fighters from so-called Islamic State (IS) have destroyed much of the city's airport to render it unusable as Iraqi forces close in.", "Network Rail has promised to do \"everything in its power\" to stop a repeat of the rail chaos at Christmas when it carries out work over Easter.", "Permission has been given for exploratory drilling for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.", "Amazon, the global online retailer, is changing the way it records sales in a move that could see it paying more tax.", "Junior doctors should suspend Tuesday's strike action over pay and conditions while talks continue, the chief medical officer for England has urged.", "Oxford United have extended the loan of right-back Jonjoe Kenny from Premier League side Everton until the end of the season.", "A further education college in Dorset has received more than \u00a32.88m in government funding to renovate buildings on campus.", "The family of the former footballer Jeff Astle is to meet the FA chairman next month to discuss head injuries in the game, as part of their campaign.", "Brothers Ben and Tom Curry have signed five-year contracts with Sale Sharks.", "Police in Fife are searching for a man who was seen exposing himself in Dunfermline.", "A UN conference aimed at preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons has ended in failure after a row over a nuclear-free Middle East proposal.", "Fracking for shale gas in Wales should still be opposed despite plans to fast-track such schemes in England, the Welsh government has said.", "A collection of paintings capturing the landscapes and legacy of life on the North East coast is going on display.", "Hibernian's Neil Lennon believes Scott Brown retired too soon from Scotland duty and still has plenty to offer now he has decided to return.", "A buzzard has been rescued after becoming trapped between fencing and a wall in Gwynedd.", "Post Office workers will stage five days of strikes from Monday in a continuing dispute over jobs, pensions and branch closures, their union says.", "Steroids and medicines with an estimated street value of some 2m euros (\u00c2\u00a31.7m) have been seized in Donegal.", "Sinn F\u00c3\u00a9in leader Gerry Adams has said there is \"a need to be open and imaginative\" on new constitutional arrangements.", "Morecambe must not get carried away despite sitting top of League Two, says Shrimps boss Jim Bentley.", "A court in the Indian capital has formally charged a driver of the Uber web-based taxi firm with the rape and kidnapping of a passenger last month.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells and Great Britain team-mate Sam Scrimgeour remain on course to defend their lightweight pairs world title after winning their semi-final in Rotterdam on Thursday.", "Former Kilmarnock winger Chris Johnston has become the third player to sign for Dumbarton this summer after leaving relegated Raith Rovers.", "The three-day TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow is to start later with a Friday line-up of acts including Radiohead and Belle and Sebastian.", "The US has warned North Korea to refrain from \"irresponsible provocation\" after the communist state said its main nuclear facility had resumed normal operations.", "A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after pieces of human bones were found by detectives investigating the death of a man 25 years ago.", "Ireland eased to seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe to top their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying group and set up a semi-final against Scotland.", "The daughter of a man who died after a hospital failed it its \"duty of care\" said lessons have not been learned.", "Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is third after day one of the men's omnium as he aims for his first Olympic Games medal.", "The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra \u00a372m to help deal with pressures in the service.", "The Winklevoss brothers have re-started their long-running legal dispute with Facebook and its boss Mark Zuckerberg.", "A 14-year-old boy has been left with \"life-threatening\" injuries after being knocked down by a car.", "Birmingham City have signed Dundee forward Greg Stewart on a three-year deal for a fee believed to be around \u00a3500,000.", "A former soldier who agreed to obtain information from an army barracks for a newspaper will not face a trial, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.", "Inspectors have called for major improvements at two privately-run elderly care homes after finding problems during recent visits.", "Four men were arrested in north London when police found a gun, a sword and a knife in the car they were travelling in.", "An estimated 63,000 properties in north Lancashire were hit by a power cut, Electricity North West has said.", "Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.", "Shopkeepers near the Isle of Wight's troubled new \"floating bridge\" have asked councillors to consider compensating them for loss of business.", "French side Lille have exercised their option to sign Naim Sliti on a permanent deal when his loan move from second-tier side Red Star expires this summer.", "Children across Britain linked up with Tim Peake on the International Space Station yesterday for a big question and answer session.", "World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named the 2013 BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.", "A civilian cargo aircraft has landed safely after being escorted into Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after suffering technical problems with its communications equipment.", "Police have been given more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "BBC Sport is showing live coverage of the EuroBasket warm-up game between Great Britain and Greece at the Copper Box in London on Saturday 19 August.", "More than 13,000 email addresses have been stolen from Edinburgh city council's database following a \"malicious cyber attack\".", "The photo sharing service Instagram announced it will start placing ads in US users photo streams in a posting on its website.", "Actor Michael C Hall is to perform a tribute to David Bowie at this week's Mercury Music Prize ceremony.", "A former Metropolitan Police officer has been found not guilty of sexually assaulting a teenage boy in the back of a police van nearly 30 years ago.", "Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has rejected calls for a \"softer\" Brexit after the general election result led to a hung parliament.", "Relatives of the 96 people who died at Hillsborough have told the home secretary they want a \"Hillsborough Law\" to compel public officials to tell the truth at inquiries.", "An elderly woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck.", "Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United to move their home games because of flooding.", "Two Manchester United fans spent Friday night undetected in an Old Trafford toilet in an attempt to see Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.", "An electrician whose \u00a3200 worth of tools were mistakenly sold for \u00a31 in a charity shop has had them returned.", "Laura Muir says she'll be \"gutted\" to miss April's Commonwealth Games.", "Southend United will give striker Nile Ranger a chance to relaunch his career when he is released from prison.", "Lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the South Coast this summer after seven men drowned last year.", "Partick Thistle captain Abdul Osman says the players are praying manager Alan Archibald stays at the club for another season.", "Ten youths have been arrested by Canadian police on suspicion of planning to travel to Iraq and Syria to join Islamic State.", "League Two side York City have signed Hull City midfielder Matt Dixon on an 18-month deal.", "Belfast Giants remain within four points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after earning a 5-1 Boxing Day away win over Braehead Clan.", "BBC Rewind looks at the history of the Flying Scotsman as it prepares to return to the railways.", "A man who claimed he was abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has lost a legal action for compensation.", "Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has had the biggest UK box office opening weekend of the year so far.", "Britain's Victoria Williamson says she is lucky not to be paralysed after her serious crash at Rotterdam's Zesdaagse.", "The head of the national body for police commissioners resigned in order to appear on the BBC's Question Time following the Manchester attack.", "The developers of the proposed Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing a \"grossly misleading\" analysis of the project's likely impact on fish.", "Premiership side Sale Sharks will sign Scotland and Glasgow back row forward Josh Strauss on a three-year deal from next season.", "A China Eastern Airlines plane has had to turn back to Sydney airport after a technical failure which left a hole in an engine casing.", "The government is to reconsider a visa for an American mother facing deportation from the UK.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.", "Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has appointed Bruno Tshibala as the new prime minister of the power-sharing government.", "Journalists at Fairfax Media, one of Australia's largest publishers, have gone on strike for a week to protest against massive job cuts.", "Teenager Tom Marquand has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of three-times champion jockey Ryan Moore by his trainer Richard Hannon.", "The Colombian government and Farc rebels have agreed to resume peace talks, which were suspended last month over the abduction of an army general, mediators say.", "The Football Association has charged Blackburn midfielder Hope Akpan with violent conduct after he was sent off for pushing a referee.", "Former British number one Laura Robson will play at next month's grass-court Wimbledon warm-up event in Nottingham.", "The Democratic Republic of the Congo has been urged to investigate at least 421 bodies found in an unmarked burial ground in the capital, Kinshasa.", "Everton have agreed a deal with Premier League rivals Southampton that paves the way for Ronald Koeman to become their new manager.", "Over the last three decades, governments of various stripes have promised radical change to solve England's housing crisis and today's White Paper is no exception.", "A body found near Strathclyde Park in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.", "Neymar is the most valuable player in Europe - worth about \u00a3216m - according to a new study which values 10 players at more than 100m euros.", "A row between a Police and Crime Commissioner and his deputy, who was found guilty of serious misconduct, has been resolved following a payout.", "Northern Ireland goalscorer Gareth McAuley says Thursday's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine - their first at a European Championship - was \"massive\".", "A student whose mother and teenage brother were stabbed to death is focusing on caring for her father who was also injured in the attack.", "South Korea's education minister has apologised after two faulty questions in the national college entrance exam left thousands of students confused.", "National League North side Gloucester City are in talks with rugby league team Gloucestershire All Golds about a potential groundshare.", "A Labour MP who accused Jeremy Corbyn of threatening to use his father - former Sinn F\u00e9in mayor Pat McGinn - to \"bully me into submission\" has spoken publicly about the row.", "Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been confirmed among 126 riders for the 2016 Tour of Britain, which begins in Glasgow on Sunday.", "A former financial controller has admitted stealing more than \u00a3440,000 from a hospital charity.", "Police in India's Maharashtra state have arrested five members of an upper caste for beating, stripping and parading naked a low-caste Dalit woman.", "Toshiba shares rallied more than 10% on Thursday on reports the firm was about to secure substantial new loans for its restructuring efforts.", "England's batsmen must \"pull their fingers out\" if they are to win the third Test against Pakistan and draw the series 1-1, says James Anderson.", "British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he will not repeat Graham Henry's 2001 mistake by splitting the squad early in the tour.", "Rangers have made right-back Lee Hodson their eighth summer signing on a three-year deal from MK Dons.", "Criminals and terrorists are using the so-called dark net to buy weapons, a new study has suggested.", "Chris Rock has announced that he's separating from his wife.", "A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted an American visa so he can have surgery to remove excess skin.", "A new type of drug could benefit men with aggressive prostate cancer that is no longer responding to treatment, researchers from the Institute of Cancer Research have said.", "European leagues are free to schedule domestic games on the same nights as Champions League and Europa League ties after an agreement with Uefa ended.", "Police are investigating the rape of a woman in Queens Park in Glasgow's Southside.", "Swansea's caretaker manager Alan Curtis says there would be no guarantee the club would return to the Premier League if they were relegated this season.", "The overall student loan debt for Welsh students has reached \u00a33.7bn, new figures show.", "Police in Italy have arrested a jobless man who posed as an airline pilot, tricking his way into riding in the cockpit of at least one jet.", "David Cameron has said too many children from immigrant families are not able to speak English when they start at school.", "Low pay and scarce hours are pushing working families and young people into poverty in Wales, a new report claims.", "Schools have been reopening in Guinea after a five-month closure because of the deadly Ebola outbreak.", "The sister of a teenager who was murdered, cut up and buried by her boyfriend says she is afraid after discovering he has been out of prison.", "Craft brewer BrewDog has raised $1m (\u00a3770,000) from US investors within the first three days of a new funding round, according to the company.", "An industrial dispute at Tata Steel has ended after workers voted to accept changes to their pension scheme.", "Keurig Green Mountain, which makes K-cups single-serve coffee pods, said it has accepted a $13.9bn (\u00a39.2bn) bid.", "A university has withdrawn a poster which appeared to ridicule Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence after her nude pictures were leaked on the internet.", "A man has been stabbed to death in a street in north London.", "Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to perform consistently at a \"high intensity\" if they are to earn more international recognition.", "Hundreds of rooms at a \u00a345m student halls development at Aberystwyth University will not be ready for the new term.", "Characters based on a Nickelodeon cartoon were dropped from a Northern Ireland council's Christmas celebrations - after it emerged they were unauthorised.", "Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton coach Colin Calderwood as their assistant manager to Steve Bruce.", "Great Britain will miss the men's Olympic 4x100m relay final after being disqualified in their semi-final.", "Police are appealing for witnesses following a head-on crash between a car and a bus in West Lothian.", "Police have named a 52-year-old man who died after the forklift truck he was driving toppled over.", "Great Britain's double gold medallist Nicola Adams believes new trainer Virgil Hunter will play a key part in success as a professional.", "Lala Njava's music is grounded in Madagascan tradition but is enriched with jazz, trance and afrobeat.", "Smoking could play a direct role in the development of schizophrenia and needs to be investigated, researchers say.", "A family of five, including three young children, had to be rescued from a Somerset beach after their car got stuck in the mud on Saturday evening.", "Dundee United have signed their second goalkeeper in a week by bringing in Harry Lewis on loan from Southampton.", "Auditors have questioned the way a health board handled funding awarded to a celebrity-led charity event.", "An 85-year-old woman has died after being struck by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.", "A tractor being driven by a 15-year-old boy \"as a taxi for his drunk mates\" has been stopped by police in North Yorkshire.", "A man accused of claiming almost \u00c2\u00a310,000 after allegedly pretending his family died in the Grenfell Tower fire has denied two counts of fraud.", "A farmer told to demolish a mock Tudor castle that was built without planning permission has vowed to rebuild \"the work of art\" elsewhere.", "Full services on Nottingham's new tram lines have started, eight months behind schedule.", "Thieves broke into vans and stole tools being used by a team working on a life-changing project for TV show DIY SOS.", "Oil and gas exploration firm Tullow Oil has reported a pre-tax loss of \u00a31.3bn for the year to 31 December as low oil prices bit into revenues.", "A man who tried to get home on a 2.5 tonne road roller after a night out drinking in Dumfries has received a 15-month driving ban.", "A whisky distillery plans to invest \u00a3580,000 in community projects to mark its 200 years on the island of Islay.", "A plane bound for Chicago has been forced to make an emergency landing for the second time in two days.", "The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes said she is going to sue police over mishandling her murder case.", "Brazilian police say they want to speak to International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about an alleged scheme to resell tickets during last month's Rio Olympics.", "Three rare pygmy marmosets have been rescued and are set to be reunited, after being stolen from a Sydney zoo at the weekend.", "Forget James Bond, when it comes to recruiting spies needed to protect Britain there aren't enough Jane Bonds.", "The world leader of millions of Muslims has condemned the Westminster terror attack calling it an \"affront to the teachings of Islam\".", "Singer Charlotte Church has lost her unborn baby, she has announced.", "A man who admitted causing a fatal crash while being pursued by an unmarked police car has been jailed for nine years.", "A pensioner who underwent gender re-assignment surgery at the age of 69 says she lived \"in the wrong body\" for most of her life because she feared the reaction of her friends and family.", "Astronomers have discovered a baby planet which looks like a young version of Jupiter.", "Campaigners have opened a camp with thousands of protesters due in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.", "The High Court has banned publication of photographs allegedly stolen from Pippa Middleton's iCloud account.", "Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales back-rower Rob McCusker on a short-term contract as injury cover.", "Heavily armed men have attacked a convoy of cars belonging to a Saudi prince, stealing 250,000 euros (\u00a3200,000; $330,000), police say.", "\"Dedicated\" and \"hungry for success\" are phrases used a lot in connection with athletes heading to compete in an Olympic Games.", "Mobile and landline telephone services have been restored in Shetland after coverage was lost for several hours causing disruption.", "A girls' school has scrapped its end of year prom claiming it is too much of a \"distraction\" to pupils.", "Leyton Orient have appointed former chief executive Matt Porter to their board of directors following Nigel Travis' takeover on 22 June.", "US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted there is a reason she was seen nodding off at the president's State of the Union address.", "A man is being held in Manchester on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "Detectives investigating the alleged attempted kidnap of a baby are appealing for a taxi driver to contact them.", "One of Scotland's most wanted fugitives is still believed to be hiding in the Netherlands almost 10 years after he raped a woman in Glasgow.", "A paedophile who raped a 12-year-old boy after grooming him online has been jailed for 13 years.", "Italy's first female astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, is spending almost six months on the International Space Station.", "A council is to seek a civil injunction and damages against one of its own councillors and other members of the public.", "Guinea-Bissau's players have ended their strike after being paid outstanding wages, four days before the start of the Africa Cup of Nations.", "David Cameron has voiced his \"strong support\" for the expansion of grammar schools during a visit to the South East.", "A disturbance at a prison saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put \"out of commission\", a union has said.", "Batsman Joe Root has credited sacked coach Peter Moores with the form that resulted in him being named England's player of the year.", "Manager Grant McCann has apologised to the fans for Peterborough United's 4-1 home defeat by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Southend United.", "An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.", "A railway line which was closed due to a landslip is to reopen next week, Network Rail has announced.", "A surfer who lost his leg in a shark attack in Western Australia last week has died, police say.", "A jet skier has been airlifted to hospital after a crash involving a speedboat during an event off Anglesey.", "A mother-of-four battered a toddler to death months after she was made the child's legal guardian, a court has heard.", "Mixu Paatelainen praised his Dundee United players' resolve as they beat St Johnstone 1-0, despite being reduced to 10 men for the last 30 minutes.", "A man has been found guilty of murdering his \"on-off partner\" by bludgeoning her to death.", "Three nightclub doormen have told how they helped rescue a man trapped in an upturned car in a water-filled ditch.", "The Italian parliament has approved a long-debated and extensive electoral reform that aims to give the country more political stability.", "(Close) The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a fresh high for a second consecutive day after a rally in financial shares boosted the index.", "Paralympic champions Jonnie Peacock, Hannah Cockroft, Richard Whitehead and Kadeena Cox are in the Great Britain squad for next month's World Para-Athletics Championships in London.", "The president of Afghanistan has told an emotional husband that a group of men accused of gang raping his wife would be brought to justice.", "A man who sparked a drug-fuelled roof-top siege after breaking up with his partner has been given a suspended prison sentence.", "Warwickshire took command of the battle of Division One's bottom two after Jonathan Trott had reached the 42nd first-class century of his career.", "Jack Grealish scored twice on his full debut as England Under-21s continued their perfect start to the Toulon Tournament by thrashing Guinea.", "Richard Carpenter has said he is owed at least $2m (\u00c2\u00a31.6m) in royalties for the hits he recorded in The Carpenters, including Yesterday Once More.", "An artist's impression of how an expanded primary school in Addlestone will look has been unveiled.", "New Portsmouth recruit Amine Linganzi is determined to secure a long-term contract with the club.", "Ulster pair Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to make a return from injury for the end of season run-in.", "More than 400 people have attended a meeting to oppose plans for a supermarket.", "Queen of the South fought back from two goals down to draw with promotion-chasing Falkirk in the Championship.", "A school has been accused of breaching anti-discrimination laws after claims a four-year-old Muslim pupil was told she could not wear a headscarf.", "A man who fraudulently claimed nearly \u00a340,000 in benefits over the course of almost 11 years has been jailed for 18 months.", "The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the three months to June, driven in part by a booming film industry, said the Office for National Statistics (ONS).", "Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said Manchester United's important players were \"in our pockets\" in a match that went \"exactly\" as they wanted.", "A review team looking at the quality of life of older people is to swoop unannounced on 100 care homes.", "Owen Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language television broadcaster S4C.", "Liverpool centre-back Mamadou Sakho was suspended last season for taking a substance that was not on the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) banned list, according to a Uefa report.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.", "Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has issued a stern public rebuke to the military deputy chief of staff.", "MPs have called on the UK government not to cut its funding of Welsh language channel S4C.", "The main tunnel serving Scotland's third busiest rail station is to close for 20 weeks, causing major disruption.", "Nottingham Forest owner and chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi says he is close to agreeing a deal to sell the club.", "Key countries in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have pledged to pursue \"growth-friendly\" policies to kickstart the slowing world economy.", "Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, is not among the 10 Republicans running for president who will take part in the first primetime TV debate.", "Leicester Tigers have signed new England loose-head prop Ellis Genge from newly-promoted Bristol.", "Staff at Swansea's DVLA offices will be redeployed rather than face redundancy after changes to the way motorists pay their car tax, a UK transport minister has confirmed.", "Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the decision to scrap the toss in the County Championship this season looks like it is working.", "Some people say they are addicted to Facebook and can't go for long without checking their status.", "A teenage boy has appeared in court for a second time charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed at his Aberdeen school.", "Walsall have signed goalkeeper Mark Gillespie on a two-year contract from Carlisle United on a free transfer.", "Two men from High Wycombe jailed for a fatal stabbing have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.", "Patrick Roberts believes his loan spell at Celtic will prepare him for the challenge of trying to break into the Manchester City first team.", "Colchester have signed goalkeeper Rene Gilmartin as a player-coach after his release by Watford, and confirmed Dean Brill will not be returning.", "A man shot his ill wife before killing himself in a suicide pact, an inquest has heard.", "Australia has confirmed it sent 46 asylum seekers back to Vietnam after intercepting their boat off the coast of Western Australia last month.", "MotoGP championship leader Marc Marquez moved 52 points clear in the title race with victory at the Aragon Grand Prix.", "Helen Glover expects her partnership with Polly Swann to develop quickly as they prepare for the European Championships in Belgrade.", "Nick Clegg has accused the new Tory government of abandoning the values he said had been at the coalition's core.", "Industrial production in China recorded a smaller-than-expected rise in April, underlining worries that the economy may be losing steam.", "Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Aaron Tshibola on a one-month loan deal and Mansfield striker Rakish Bingham on a season-long loan.", "People are voting across Merseyside in the general and local council elections.", "A large billboard has been puzzling residents of a County Down town, and commuters on the main route between Bangor and Belfast.", "Hundreds of aerospace jobs could be lost if a factory is forced to \"significantly downsize\" or close, it has been claimed.", "A man accused of kidnapping his partner allegedly drove at a police officer who tried to save her, a court has heard.", "Declassified documents reveal concerns of the UK government 60 years ago that Rockall could become a base for spying on a missile test site.", "The artist who created the album cover for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been given a top honour in the band's home city.", "Alfreton Town have signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney on loan from League Two side York for the rest of the season.", "The International Monetary Fund has today highlighted the challenge to be faced by the next government in returning the public finances to balance.", "BBC newsreader Sophie Raworth is to be part of Watchdog's new presenting team.", "The BBC generated more than \u00a38bn for the UK economy in 2011-12, almost twice its licence fee spend.", "The US has said that it will resume aid to the military in Bahrain.", "A signed Beatles ticket from a concert in Norfolk in 1963 is expected to fetch up to \u00a32,000 at auction in London.", "A body has been found by police in their search for a missing man from Merthyr Tydfil.", "Red Bull have said that their hopes of securing a Mercedes engine supply in 2016 are now over.", "Guernsey's Environment Department has invited islanders to identify the parcels of land that could be suitable for development.", "An actress who appeared in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to attend a special screening of the movie in Kingussie later.", "Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego both made centuries to drag Somerset back into contention with Middlesex on day three of the County Championship match.", "A power cut left Venezuela's parliament in the dark as it discussed a law dedicated to the energy sector.", "Two international rugby stars have returned to their home club to help coach an under-10s team and to watch the first XV in action.", "The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.", "Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, says Scarlets captain Ken Owens.", "Widnes Vikings claimed just their second Super League win of the season with a narrow victory over St Helens.", "A former Welsh amateur boxing champion said she is turning professional as she does not have confidence in the governing body.", "World number one Novak Djokovic won his first title since his surprise exit from Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Japan's Kei Nishikori in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.", "Peter Houston is still seeking to fine-tune his Falkirk squad, with a striker and defender pinpointed as priorities.", "Humans lived in the Amazon rainforest much earlier than previously thought, and even helped shape its biodiversity, researchers have said.", "Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.", "Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined to make sure the club is not involved in another Premier League relegation fight next season.", "Labour's Barry Coppinger has been re-elected as Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner.", "The Queen has been spotted having an evening meal at an Edinburgh pub.", "A court in the Philippines has found a US marine guilty of killing a transgender woman.", "Great Britain's Colin Fleming says tennis players guilty of match-fixing should face life bans.", "The Pentagon is considering transferring Private Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison in order to treat her gender dysphoria, US media report.", "Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the first round of the Korea Open by qualifier Nicole Gibbs.", "St Johnstone have made 18-year-old Northern Irish midfielder Kyle McClean their first signing of the summer.", "Disney has become the first film studio to take $7bn (\u00c2\u00a35.7bn) in global ticket sales for 2016.", "Some 11,180 students were placed on undergraduate courses in the UK through clearing in the first 24 hours after yesterday's A-level results.", "Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced plans to track foreign homeownership and raised the possibility of eventually enacting limits on buying.", "The grandmother of a four-year-old boy who received part of his father's liver has said all is going \"according to plan\" following the operation.", "A Whitehaven woman who defrauded a charity set up by a teenager dying of cancer who became well-known for her \"bucket list\" has been sentenced.", "A former special constable who groomed and engaged in sexual activity with a child has been jailed for five years.", "ScotRail said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to bring to an end a dispute over driver-only operated trains.", "People who have been flocking to Fife to see a whale which has been breaching in the Firth of Forth are being warned from \"making any attempts to approach or actively pursue\" it.", "Cardiff Devils lost 6-1 away to Nottingham Panthers in the Elite League, less than 48 hours before playing the same opposition in the Challenge Cup final.", "Organisers of the Miss America pageant have apologised to actress Vanessa Williams, 32 years after she was forced to hand back her title.", "More than 20 parties have come forward with bids to either recycle four Royal Navy frigates or turn some of them into artificial reefs, the BBC has learned.", "Ofgem has asked for more information on why a subsea cable is needed to carry electricity generated on the Western Isles to the mainland.", "Hostage Johan Gustafsson, held by al-Qaeda in Mali since 2011, has been freed, the Swedish government says.", "Action to reduce the number of Welsh children with type 1 diabetes from being admitted to hospital is needed as cases continue to rise, experts warn.", "A man whose son was killed during an opposition protest in Venezuela's capital Caracas has made a personal plea to President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro.", "The Public Prosecution Service and the PSNI have launched a legal bid to gain access to all interviews and notes by a former IRA member who was one of the main researchers for a Troubles history project at Boston College.", "A baby tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Lancashire.", "Bird flu has been confirmed in a flock of 19,500 turkeys at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said.", "The UN refugee agency has criticised Cameroon for the forced return of hundreds of refugees to north-east Nigeria after they had fled from the Islamist Boko Haram insurgency.", "A woman who nearly drowned during a school swimming lesson when she was 10 years old has won a compensation battle at the High Court.", "The ruling party in Burundi has won the parliamentary election boycotted by the main opposition parties.", "Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify military documents about the killing of ex-president Thomas Sankara, a lawyer for his family has said.", "At least two people have died and several others are feared missing after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa.", "Four of the UK's worst traffic bottlenecks occur on the Edinburgh bypass, according to new research.", "A pensioner used a mini camera to secretly film women's bare legs in a Falkirk shopping centre, a court was told.", "The authorities in Texas have charged two men with conspiring to harbour suspected illegal immigrants.", "St Johnstone players Danny Swanson and Richard Foster are set to face \"severe\" punishments for brawling with each other in the 1-0 defeat at Hamilton, manager Tommy Wright says.", "British artists have scooped several nominations for the 2015 Grammys.", "Millions of Muslims all around the world will be celebrating Eid al-Fitr this week to mark the end of Ramadan.", "Ten men were arrested after a teenager was stabbed and gun shots were fired, police said.", "The partner of a transgender woman found dead in a men's prison while on remand has told an inquest she did not want to be in a male jail.", "Personal insolvency numbers have returned to \"relative stability\" in Scotland following the introduction last year of new bankruptcy legislation, according to officials.", "A group of primary school children were injured on a trip to a farm when the trailer they were in became detached from the tractor pulling it.", "Pope Francis has condemned the \"complicit silence\" about the killing of Christians during a Good Friday service in Rome.", "The Bolivian government has declared a state of emergency in a vast agricultural area affected by a plague of locusts.", "Wales rugby great Gareth Edwards has been knighted by the Duke of Cambridge in recognition of a glittering sporting career and services to charity.", "Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes are close to be being snuffed out following a 3-0 loss to England at Wembley.", "Polar bears involved in a Scottish captive breeding project are sharing an enclosure and mating.", "Guy Martin and John McGuinness will race for the Japanese-based Mugen team in this year's TT race for electric-powered machines.", "A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.", "A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over his confrontation with a woman who died in jail shortly after being arrested.", "A tweet from One Direction's Louis Tomlinson to Harry Styles has become the second most retweeted post of all time.", "A German court has sentenced a doctor who fled Chile to five years in prison for involvement in child sex abuse at a commune called Colonia Dignidad.", "Three weeks after the general election, and a week after the state opening of Parliament, new MPs have been busy making their maiden speeches in the House of Commons.", "A country pub saved from closure after villagers stepped in to buy it has been named national pub of the year.", "Mexican authorities are to investigate allegations children battling cancer were given \"distilled water\" instead of chemotherapy.", "Gloucester City chairman Nigel Hughes has urged absent fans to return to the struggling non-league club.", "The funeral of an Afghanistan veteran and Green Beret who died after collapsing during the London Marathon has been held in Dunfermline, Fife.", "A man who was tortured and raped during an attack by two of his former friends in a Belfast flat has said he thought he was \"going to die that night\".", "A militant from the so-called Islamic State (IS) believed to be responsible for a deadly attack on US troops in northern Iraq has been killed in a drone strike, the US military said.", "Vin Diesel sang, Channing Tatum danced and Zac Efron showed off his abs, yes - again, at the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.", "Plymouth Argyle striker Jimmy Spencer will miss at least three months after breaking and dislocating his ankle.", "Radamel Falcao has been omitted from Chelsea's 25-man squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.", "A baby dolphin has died after it was surrounded by tourists looking to take photographs on a beach in southern Spain.", "Two men have been assaulted by an armed gang in south Belfast.", "Several thousand customers were left without electricity for a time on Wednesday night.", "A man has been stabbed to death in Mottingham in the early hours of Boxing Day.", "Plans for a controversial cycle path through Edinburgh have been agreed in principle by city councillors.", "Last year's winner Many Clouds heads Saturday's Grand National field after the 40-runner line-up was confirmed.", "Keepers at Chester Zoo are making sure every creature, from the biggest elephant to the smallest beetle, is present and correct as part of their annual animal count.", "A manhunt is under way in Germany after a man allegedly stabbed a nine-year-old neighbour to death and uploaded a video boasting of his deed to the dark web.", "A second referendum on the details of any Brexit deal should be offered to voters, Green Party of England and Wales MP Caroline Lucas has said.", "An NHS mental health services provider has been upgraded from \"inadequate\" to \"good\" following a recent inspection.", "This year's Grand National winner Rule The World has been retired.", "Air, sea and land searches were made over the weekend for a missing 18-year-old Inverness man.", "Coronation Street and Keeping up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent has said.", "The search for a Scots botanist missing in Vietnam is expected to resume later after being abandoned in heavy snow.", "Petrol and diesel prices rose sharply in October, said the RAC, taking them to their highest level since July 2015.", "\"Extremely serious concerns about unacceptable noise and disruption\" caused by students in Oxford have increased, according to a letter seen by the BBC.", "A hospital has suspended visits to patients on all its wards following an outbreak of the norovirus bug.", "A man has appeared in court over an acid attack that left two people with \"life-changing\" injuries.", "Ferry firm SeaFrance is to shed 127 jobs in Dover after it was liquidated by a French court and told to cease activity.", "Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied confessing to the abduction, rape and killing of 13-year-old Milly Dowler.", "The Israeli government has taken steps to reduce the penalties for personal marijuana use.", "Everton's Romelu Lukaku has decided where he wants to play next season.", "A 1969 Led Zeppelin session for the BBC that was thought to have been lost when archives were wiped has been recovered from a recording made by a fan.", "A prison officer has suffered a serious neck wound after she was attacked at a jail in County Antrim.", "Post offices and shops are expected to be very busy on Tuesday, as people going back to work after the holidays try to return unwanted presents.", "Northern Ireland's new health minister has challenged politicians to accept change as he outlined his vision for the future of local health services.", "A school pupil involved in a coach crash in Belgium in which the driver died is still having \"sleepless nights\" two months on, her father has said.", "Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Dundee United, but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by Rangers.", "A motorcyclist who reached the speed of 237km/h (147mph) on Beijing's ring road has been detained by Chinese police for dangerous driving, state media report.", "One in three councils in England has not replaced a single home sold through the Right to Buy scheme since 2012, according to the charity Shelter.", "A bill to restrict foreign ownership in Russia's media will soon go before the parliament, which is dominated by MPs loyal to President Vladimir Putin.", "Plans to demolish and replace two West Midlands fire stations - one of which is Grade II listed - have been backed by fire service bosses.", "A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two young children inside.", "Eastleigh have confirmed the loan signing of Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.", "A football club chairman and his father were given a \"loan\" of more than \u00a32.5m by a company set up to oversee the development of its stadium.", "A Haitian former coup leader, Guy Philippe, has pleaded not guilty in a US court to drug trafficking and money laundering charges.", "Nursing job applicants are being offered two months free accommodation in a bid to quell staff shortages at a hospital trust.", "Indian police have arrested nine people they suspect of colluding to illegally construct a high-rise residential building in Mumbai which collapsed, killing 74 people.", "Ross County have completed the signing of central midfielder Tim Chow on a two-year contract.", "Aston Villa have named Tom Fox as the club's new chief executive.", "Christmas swims are expected to attract bumper numbers this year due to milder winter weather and growing popularity for the craze.", "China faces a ban from international weightlifting competition after three of its athletes failed doping tests.", "The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen in the past year, according to a new report.", "German airline Lufthansa is making an eleventh-hour court appeal to halt a planned pilots' strike that will cancel 900 flights on Wednesday.", "The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted allowing human sewage to leak from a tank and pollute a stream.", "Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has had his loan spell with Belgian club Standard Liege terminated.", "Labour's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review to work on long-term changes to England's exams and curriculum for 14 to 19-year-olds.", "Workers in Northern Ireland factories operated by US firm Caterpillar will be given details of job cuts later.", "Business leaders' group the Institute of Directors (IoD) has accused the UK government of a \"poverty of ambition\" on broadband speeds.", "Three different 999 services had to be stood down after a \"body in the water\" turned out to be a bronze sculpture.", "A paedophile who travelled from London to south Wales has been jailed for three years.", "Solihull held on to claim a narrow victory over Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men late on.", "Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has confirmed he will not stand for Parliament again after taking a new role with an education think-tank.", "A 200-year-old burial site has been discovered during redevelopment work at Brighton Dome Corn Exchange.", "Mae diffoddwyr yn mynd i'r afael \u00e2 th\u00e2n mawr mewn garej yn Sir Conwy.", "York residents are being put off applying for flood protection grants as the process is \"incredibly complicated\", a local MP has claimed.", "A woman who was seriously hurt in a fatal hen party motorway crash is now helping other major trauma victims rebuild their lives.", "Cuban police have detained more than 50 people who took part in a march calling on the island's communist government to release political prisoners.", "New car sales in Scotland grew last month but at half the rate of the UK as a whole, according to motor traders.", "Police in Edinburgh are investigating a series of thefts and attempted thefts where men have impersonated police officers.", "The European Commission has ruled that a controversial EU-Canada free trade deal - CETA - cannot be renegotiated, despite much opposition in Europe.", "A Royal Navy chef has spent hours melting chocolate buttons to create a small fleet of ships in commemoration of the Battle of Trafalgar.", "Ambulance crews who gave a cardiac arrest patient 17 high-energy electric shocks say he is lucky to be alive.", "Belfast's Rebecca Shorten won a bronze medal as part of the Great Britain women's eight at the final World Cup regatta of the season in Lucerne.", "The owner of a cat which visits a supermarket every day, has had to ask people to stop feeding his pet because he was putting on weight.", "Bradford City made sure of a League One play-off spot as they beat Southend United thanks to Lee Evans' early goal.", "A new mayor in South Africa says he will give away a fleet of new luxury cars ordered by his predecessors.", "A union has welcomed reassurances from the new owner of Bernard Matthews over job security and pensions.", "A man in a wheelchair with an apparent grievance has detonated a small device at Beijing International Airport.", "One person has been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the M4 in Cardiff involving a tanker and a van.", "Councillors are to be given a progress report on plans to develop a national resilience centre in Dumfries.", "Legoland has apologised to people who have spent hours stuck in its car park.", "A care home has been ordered to raise its standards after the industry watchdog criticised areas including infection control.", "An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who raided her home and stole birthday and Christmas presents.", "A second teenager has been arrested after a suspected knife fight broke out at a London shopping centre on Boxing Day, the Metropolitan Police has said.", "Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising as a player and co-owner.", "Britain's Olympic silver medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill should \"take time\" to consider her future, her coach Toni Minichiello has said.", "A heavily pregnant woman had a gun pressed to her head when masked burglars broke into her Rochdale home.", "A town centre footfall study in the Borders has recorded a 6% rise across eight main towns in the region in 2015 compared with the previous year.", "Bhutan is a tiny and remote kingdom nestling in the Himalayas between its powerful neighbours, India and China.", "Scotland boss-in-waiting Shelley Kerr is good enough to coach any men's side in Scotland, according to 104-time capped forward Suzanne Grant.", "Stoke City have signed Cameroon winger Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a three-year deal after his contract ran out at German club Schalke.", "The SNP has held a South Ayrshire Council ward following a by-election which was called after the previous incumbent was elected as an MP.", "A group of Italian scientists convicted of manslaughter for failing to predict a deadly earthquake have had the verdict quashed.", "Vitamin B3 could be the new weapon in the fight against superbugs such as MRSA, researchers have suggested.", "A child sexual exploitation report has found police made no sustained effort to find out who was responsible for abusing children in the care system.", "Musician Koffi Olomide has been taken into custody in the Democratic Republic of Congo, days after he was deported from Kenya for allegedly kicking one of his dancers at an airport in Nairobi.", "Two convicted rapists and a man convicted of assault - all considered to be a \"risk to the public\" - have absconded from an open prison.", "Rapper Kanye West has declared he wants to work with Ikea on a new range of furniture.", "A \"glitch\" which shut down all the computer systems at Edinburgh Airport caused \"massive disruption\" and some flight delays.", "A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a 14-year-old boy was treated in hospital after taking half of a 'Darth Vader' tablet.", "Burma has set up a commission to investigate recent violence between Buddhists and Muslims in the west of the country, in which dozens died.", "Mafia criminals who are better educated tend to earn more, research suggests.", "England full-back Sam Tomkins will rejoin Wigan on a four-year deal after he agreed to leave National Rugby League side New Zealand Warriors.", "A man killed in a crash in Chorley had recently returned from a motorbike tour of Europe as part of his 21st birthday celebrations.", "Bournemouth's Polish goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.", "These amazing forest buildings could help tackle China's pollution problems.", "Britain's Tom Daley said he was \"heartbroken\" after a shock semi-final elimination in the Olympic 10m platform diving competition.", "The Republic's spending watchdog has reportedly concluded that the \u00a31.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio had \"irregularities\" and \"shortcomings\".", "Hackers have targeted a council Twitter feed - announcing an end to council tax and free parking for all.", "Starting university is meant to be an exciting time but for Amara Bangura it has been a bit too eventful.", "The BBC's News at Ten is to run 10 minutes longer in the New Year, with the bulletin set to end at 22:45 GMT on every weekday except Friday.", "Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is \"out of order\" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri, says ex-Arsenal defender Martin Keown.", "The family of a woman who killed herself after being discharged from hospital has labelled a report into her death \"psycho babble and twaddle\".", "Sony Music, one of the big three global record companies, says it will start pressing its own vinyl releases again for the first time since 1989.", "A female polar bear at a Scottish zoo has been temporarily put off limits to visitors as a precaution in case she is pregnant.", "New health advice recommends short spells in the sun - without suncream and in the middle of the day.", "Multimillion-pound repairs to a flood-hit bridge have been approved by senior councillors.", "South Africa is set to hold a huge protest march against xenophobia in the coastal city of Durban following a wave of attacks on foreigners.", "The death of a man who twice apparently jumped from a building has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.", "Plans to relax so-called \"purdah rules\" on government announcements in the run-up to the EU referendum are to be the subject of a quickfire inquiry by MPs.", "This ancient fort could not look more different to the red brick housing estate currently occupying suburbia in Monmouthshire.", "A person has been taken to hospital by air ambulance following a serious crash on a major road in Monmouthshire.", "More than 50,000 people in the NHS earned more than \u00a3100,000 in 2013-14, an investigation by the Taxpayers' Alliance and Daily Mail shows.", "This Friday marks the 100th anniversary of one of the deadliest battles in World War One.", "A public school teacher who groped an 18-year-old girl has been given a nine-month suspended sentence.", "Two teenagers arrested after a 16-year-old boy suffered \"potentially life threatening injuries\" in a stabbing in Brighton have been released on bail.", "The body of a missing music shop owner has been found in the boot of his car parked in Birmingham.", "Punk-pop band Green Day have hit number one for the third time in their career with their new album Revolution Radio.", "Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become boss at League One side Bury, after they agreed a compensation package with the Scottish Premiership side.", "Turkey's government has sacked another 1,389 soldiers accused of being linked to the coup attempt earlier this month.", "Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of high-rise buildings in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire.", "Nineteen people have been killed after a bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims crashed in Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state-run Mena news agency says.", "Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes has said he is \"ready to move on with his life\" after a man appeared in court to admit assaulting him.", "World number one Dustin Johnson is out of the Masters at Augusta National after suffering a back injury in a fall at his rental home on Wednesday.", "Hundreds of jobs could be lost if Rolls-Royce moves it research and development work out of Derby, a Unite union organiser has said.", "Australia were \"overly sensitive\" to postpone their tour of Bangladesh over security concerns, says Pakistan Cricket Board president Shahryar Khan.", "A specialised white blood cell found in birds can destroy an infection thought to cause hundreds of thousands of human deaths a year, scientists claim.", "A plane has been forced to carry out an unexpected landing after being struck by lightning.", "A woman has been remanded in custody charged with covering up the death of a one-year-old for more than a decade.", "People concerned with traffic congestion in villages near Stonehenge are stepping up a campaign for \"urgent action\" to be taken.", "Birmingham defender Paul Caddis has been told he is free to find a new club after more than four years with Blues.", "Fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says Australia's attack can reopen the scars of England's batting struggles from their 5-0 Ashes whitewash down under.", "An Orange hall in County Antrim has been the target of a paint bomb attack.", "Three people were killed when a \"monster truck\" ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at an annual motor show in the east of the Netherlands.", "Labour's leadership is heading \"in the opposite direction to where voters are\" on big issues, an ex-minister says.", "Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than \u00a31m.", "Plans by Apple and Google to do more to protect customers' privacy have made the FBI \"very concerned\".", "The influential head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has called for civilian drone technology to be regulated, warning about privacy and security concerns.", "Two care workers who admitted neglect after a pensioner fell from a hoist at a Birmingham care home have been sentenced to 12-month community orders.", "The makers of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway board game have apologised after it was found to have several errors.", "Security is tight in the German capital, Berlin, Germany host England in a friendly football match.", "Imax, the Canadian maker of widescreen cinema theatres, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) of its China unit in Hong Kong.", "A gold supercar with L-plates was seized by police in west London, leaving its driver by the roadside.", "Cincinnati's Scooter Gennett became the 17th player to hit four home runs in a Major League Baseball game in Tuesday's 13-1 win over St. Louis Cardinals.", "West Yorkshire's chief constable has had his suspension lifted.", "The US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on an unannounced visit.", "Concerns are growing for a teenager who was last seen at a beach in South Devon six days ago.", "A man who stabbed a motorist 39 times after a crash was misdiagnosed with a form of autism, a court has been told.", "League One side Peterborough United have parted company with manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.", "Media regulator Ofcom has opened up bidding for operators to set up their own local TV services across the UK.", "An RAF pilot was guided into landing his jet by a colleague in another aircraft after suffering \"a partial loss of vision\", it has emerged.", "Meat-eaters \"easily cheat, lie, forget promises and commit sex crimes\", according to a controversial school textbook available in India.", "A man has appeared before magistrates in Bristol charged with murder after a man was knocked down and dragged under a moving car.", "Former US President Bill Clinton is introduced to the McGuinness family by Sinn F\u00e9in President Gerry Adams", "Brazilian prosecutors have filed corruption charges against President Dilma Rousseff's electoral strategist.", "The public is being asked to provide information on the locations of nine fugitives suspected of serious environmental crimes.", "Asian markets headed lower after a survey of China's manufacturing sector indicated it is shrinking at the fastest pace for six-and-a-half years.", "Jono Gibbes is to become the head coach of Pro12 side Ulster on a two-year deal in the summer.", "Four hillwalkers who got into difficulties during severe weather on Ben Lomond have been rescued.", "Shares in Swiss agribusiness group Syngenta have risen 12% after its takeover by ChemChina was given the go-ahead by a US regulator.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed goalkeeper Lenny Pidgeley until the end of the season.", "A lorry driver has smashed through the front wall of a pub in Wiltshire.", "League One side Fleetwood Town have signed defender Joe Davis from Leicester City for an undisclosed fee.", "League One side Oldham Athletic have signed goalkeeper Chris Kettings on a one-year deal.", "Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused over the 9/11 attacks have appeared at a US military tribunal for the first time in five months.", "Beyonce has scooped nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards, extending her lead as the most-nominated woman in Grammys history.", "The Prime Minister has given his public backing to a stadium in Cornwall if the Conservatives are re-elected in May.", "Manchester United have opened talks with Wayne Rooney over a new deal that could keep the striker at Old Trafford for the rest of his career.", "Mansfield Town have signed striker Kane Hemmings from League One club Oxford United on a season-long loan.", "The fuselage of a World War II Spitfire that has spent the last few years in a garden in Oxford has failed to reach its asking price at auction in Surrey.", "A castle has welcomed 20 chicks to its grounds after hens nested next to a lifelike replica boar.", "The government's immigration cap on skilled workers has had no effect on bringing down net migration and is not \"fit for purpose\", MPs say.", "The AA has warned that it may have to raise its prices because the government has doubled the tax rate on insurance policies in less than two years.", "The Archbishop of Canterbury is working with other Christian churches to agree on a fixed date for Easter.", "Air strikes on so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa have cut the city's water supply, with 20 civilians reported dead.", "Lincoln City have signed Shrewsbury winger James Caton on loan until the end of the season.", "Planned cuts to library services in a West Yorkshire town have been scrapped following campaigns by residents.", "Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported stronger than expected sales for the July-to-September period.", "Germany's Michael Jung retained his Olympic individual eventing title by winning gold at Rio 2016 on his second-choice horse.", "Locals could be offered the chance to buy shares in new wind farms, solar farms and hydro power stations, under new government approved guidelines.", "A 19-year-old man has been charged after a cat was killed and others were badly injured in shootings in Surrey.", "The Duchy of Cornwall was warned of the risk of a \"potentially fatal situation\" at a beach it owns, ahead of a man's death there last week.", "Asian markets traded lower on Thursday with investor sentiment dented by a weaker than expected first quarter growth figure in the US.", "Opener David Warner hit an unbeaten 122 as Australia drew a rain-affected third and final Test against West Indies.", "Rescuers used helicopters to pluck families from rooftops in the southern German town of Deggendorf on Wednesday as the Danube flood crisis continues.", "A mother walking her children to school in north Wales is in hospital with serious injuries after being attacked on a busy footpath.", "Two teenagers have been arrested and three knives recovered after 300 people attended a house party in east London.", "Interest rates should remain low to avoid long-term economic stagnation, the chief economist at the Bank of England has said.", "Hon Hai Precision Industry, a major assembler of Apple products, has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iPhones and iPads.", "A man has been acquitted of raping a student who killed herself while detectives investigated the case.", "A foam factory in Merthyr Tydfil has announced it will close with the loss of 80 jobs.", "The quest to find King Arthur's Camelot has puzzled and intrigued scholars and fans for over a thousand years.", "Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri has backed Jamie Vardy to end his goal drought, but revealed the striker has even struggled to score in training.", "A police officer has been slashed in the face with gardening shears during a large-scale disturbance in Essex.", "Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.", "Leaders of the prison officers union have reached a deal over pay and conditions following concerns about jail safety, the Ministry of Justice has said.", "A widower is appealing to help find the stranger who took the last photo of him and his wife together before she died.", "Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams because of health concerns, the health ministry says.", "There were angry scenes on Monday night as the bill enabling the government to trigger Article 50 cleared the Lords.", "More than 1,300 militants from so-called Islamic State were killed by British air strikes in Iraq over a 12-month period, according to new figures.", "An airport has taken down its passenger information website after a hacker breached security systems, claiming they were too lax.", "The preferred location for a town's first railway station in 50 years has been revealed.", "A third man has been jailed for murdering a flight attendant who was bludgeoned with a hammer and buried in a concrete tomb.", "Five people have been injured following a crash between a bin lorry, a bus and two cars.", "Shrien Dewani has arrived back in England after being cleared by a court in South Africa of arranging the murder of his wife in 2010.", "The company behind the UK's first horizontal fracking operation has announced six \"commitments\" which it claims will ensure Lancashire benefits.", "Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has fired a senior official over an incident caused by his daughter at an exclusive restaurant last month.", "British and Burmese authorities could work together to find 20 Spitfires buried in Burma at the end of the World War II, officials say.", "Two men were rescued after becoming stranded on a crag on Snowdon's narrow Crib Goch ridge.", "A system for detaining asylum seekers while their claims are speedily assessed has been temporarily suspended after it was ruled unlawful last month.", "South Wales Police are appealing for information over the whereabouts of a man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager.", "Two men arrested in connection with the suspected murder of a missing man have been released on bail.", "A major Scottish interior fitter has announced \"a major review of its longer-term vision, mission and strategy\".", "A retired TV producer is to appeal against his conviction for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner.", "The body of the first Briton to be killed while fighting against Islamic State (IS) has been handed over to his family at the Syrian-Iraqi border.", "Preston North End have re-signed goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a one-year deal after he had his contract cancelled at West Bromwich Albion.", "Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has accused his Labour Party colleagues of \"behaving like a petulant child who has been told you can't have the sweeties in the sweet shop\".", "A grandfather from Gwynedd died after being hit by a boat's propeller off the Maltese coast, an inquest has heard.", "An Iraqi court has sentenced to death 27 men for their involvement in the massacre of up to 1,700 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in June 2014.", "Devon-based surfing goods and forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by an Australian company as part of a \u00a37m deal.", "Spain's Sergio Garcia opened up a three-shot lead in the Dubai Desert Classic as the delayed second round was completed on Saturday morning.", "Darren Ambrose's double helped struggling Colchester United come from behind to win 2-1 at Bradford City and end a 19-game League One winless run.", "Three Neolithic-style huts have been built at Old Sarum to offer an insight into how Stonehenge's builders lived.", "Joseph Parker and Andy Ruiz Jr will fight for the WBO heavyweight title vacated by Tyson Fury on 10 December.", "Mae Cymru Fyw wedi mynd i ysbryd yr \u0175y-l ond mae ymennydd ein cwisfeistr druan wedi ffrio'n l\u00e2n!", "A second suspect wanted in the death of a US border official has been extradited to the US, in a case linked to a botched gun-running sting.", "The FBI is investigating another wave of bomb threats to Jewish facilities in the US after 11 sites were evacuated on Monday.", "Police investigating the rape of an elderly nun in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a key suspect in the crime.", "A member of Texas' House of Representatives has filed a resolution to urge Texans to stop using an emoji representing the Chilean flag when they really mean to use the Texan flag.", "The Premier League has announced a new deal with American broadcaster NBC Universal to show live games for the next six years.", "The second phase of a \u00a315m project to upgrade the water and sewer pipes in Stafford is under way.", "Turkey has accused Russia of again violating its airspace and warned it would \"face consequences\" if such infringements continue.", "Newcastle director of rugby Dean Richards believes his side are gaining attention due to their higher position in the Premiership table.", "Peterborough United defender Miles Addison has signed a new one-month contract with the League One side.", "Belgian rider Femke van den Driessche has been suspended for six years in the first proven case of mechanical doping in cycling.", "George Ford is expected to make way for Owen Farrell at fly-half for England's opening Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.", "A Stranraer Academy student has set up a petition to ensure a life-enhancing drug is made available to a fellow pupil with an extremely rare disease.", "Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their failed bid to be part of the inaugural Women's Super Rugby competition.", "A police drugs team worker was drafted in to help with a roadside drama as he helped deliver a baby.", "Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill believes other clubs are offering big money to Manu Tuilagi.", "A \"serial liar\" who made a series of bogus sexual assault allegations against 15 men has been jailed for 10 years.", "A businessman who plied teenage girls with vodka before sexually abusing them has been sentenced to 13 years.", "Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a factory on the Isle of Scalpay in the Western Isles.", "Torrential rain in Cambridgeshire caused a riverbank to collapse, left 856 homes without power, trapped drivers and closed two supermarkets.", "A British Army team has arrived in Somalia as part of a United Nations mission to counter Islamist militants.", "A six-year-old girl, who survived a cancer battle, is back in hospital after being injured when an inflatable slide blew into a crowd in high winds.", "Women's football's all-time international leading goalscorer, United States striker Abby Wambach, will retire at the end of a World Cup victory tour in December.", "Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of loose-head prop Oliver Kebble for next season.", "Head coach Denis Betts is not worried about Widnes' recent form despite four consecutive Super League defeats.", "Three people arrested after a man was found unconscious following a suspected assault in Brighton have been released without charge.", "A man who coerced a woman into having sex with a stranger before sending \"revenge porn\" to her family has been jailed for six years.", "Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.", "Temporary classrooms are being set up at a school that was damaged by fire.", "Wales wing George North's decision not to return to a Welsh region is a disappointment, says Rugby Wales chief executive Mark Davies.", "Czech 14th seed Petra Kvitova kept up her superb form by thrashing fourth seed Simona Halep to reach the final at the Wuhan Open in China.", "A man beaten with iron bars by a masked gang has blamed dissident republican paramilitaries for an attack at his home in Derry.", "A multi-million pound refurbishment of a Denbighshire leisure centre which was closed because of council cutbacks is due to start.", "A total of 179 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated in Keighley and Bradford, West Yorkshire Police has said.", "A truck driver has been charged with illegally transporting immigrants after dozens of people were discovered in the back of his trailer.", "A unique perspective on a landmark social event is to be unveiled as part of Nottingham's Caribbean Carnival.", "A woman with multiple sclerosis has said she was refused a taxi to a meeting of the MS Society because the journey was too short.", "A police sergeant called out to deal with a brawl in a Glasgow pub ended up giving an arresting performance of Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive.", "South Africa fast bowler Hardus Viljoen took five wickets on his Kent debut as they bowled Gloucestershire out for 221 on day one in Bristol.", "Nathan Buck took a career-best 6-34 to help bowl Durham out for 166 and give Northants the upper hand on day one.", "Police have searched the home and garden of a vulnerable woman who has been missing for a month in Inverclyde.", "A charity has criticised a series of adverts which it claims are offensive to people with facial burns.", "French mosques have invited non-Muslims in to try to create greater understanding of Islam in France.", "Early agreement has been reached on North Sea fishing quotas for next year, with an increase in key stocks for Scottish fishermen.", "A couple who were in a light aircraft that crashed in a Northamptonshire field escaped unhurt and were found by ambulance crews in a nearby pub.", "Ireland pair Jonathan Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to resume full training after injury before Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.", "Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and his state secretary, Fred Teeven, have resigned after misleading parliament over a 2001 compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.", "Gavin Swankie's late winner gave Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic a 4-3 win over Cowdenbeath, who sink to the foot of the table.", "A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.", "Visitors have been asked to stay away from a Vale of Glamorgan hospital because of an outbreak of norovirus.", "Gritting lorries and snowploughs have been out and about on Lincolnshire's roads - in preparation for the start of the snow risk season.", "They can walk, they can talk, and may soon be thinking for themselves.", "A former friend of the women who murdered toddler Liam Fee has told the BBC that \"no sentence\" could ever be enough for their crimes.", "A paper manufacturer has applied to build a new plant to generate electricity and steam for its mill in West Norfolk.", "Bulldozers have started to clear part of the makeshift Calais camp known as the \"Jungle\" after about 1,000 residents left the area.", "Police invoked special stop and search powers after three people were stabbed within 10 minutes in a town centre.", "Charter Communications has agreed to buy media giant Time Warner Cable in a deal which values the company at $78.7bn (\u00c2\u00a352bn).", "The Polish foreign ministry has banned a biker gang linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin from entering the country.", "Hashim Amla resigned as South Africa captain immediately after his side drew the second Test against England.", "Australia's economy grew at a better-than-expected 0.9% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to the previous quarter, boosted by mining together with financial and insurance services.", "The sound of the first cuckoo in spring is a familiar one in the British countryside.", "Wales' Jamie Donaldson will take a two-shot lead into the third round of the Nordea Masters after carding a second successive 69 on Friday.", "Campaigners want a dedicated clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Wales.", "A new gin distillery in the Borders - built in a converted cowshed - is to start production early in the new year.", "A 19th Century factory, once a grand beacon of Nottingham's industry, has been largely reduced to ashes and rubble after a fire consumed it for more than a week.", "A US student has been charged with smearing peanut butter in the face of an undergraduate who has a potentially deadly allergy.", "Norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour Finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence.", "The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he only accepted the job after being convinced by his wife.", "A football team stranded on a motorway after a bridge collapsed are hunting for a mystery bride who asked to have her photo taken with them.", "A man has been arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of \"Syria-related terrorism\" offences.", "Three statues honouring the Devonshire, Dorset and combined Devon and Dorset Army regiments are being planned for the National Memorial Arboretum.", "A serial robber who threatened an 18-year-old shop worker with a knife was caught after his streak of grey hair was recognised in CCTV footage.", "Four silver coins dating from the 14th Century that were found on County Down farmland have been declared to be treasure at an inquest in Belfast.", "A 15-year-old girl has died despite being rescued after she was swept into the sea in North Tyneside.", "The boyfriend of a pregnant woman killed in a scooter accident in Thailand is to be charged over her death, police in the country have said.", "A woman who set a \"honey trap\" for a professional gambler who was kicked to death for his winnings has been jailed for 16 years.", "Manchester United's \u00a356m new signings Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw will join the squad to tour the United States later this month.", "The IT systems of three US hospitals have been infected with ransomware, which encrypts vital files and demands money to unlock them.", "BodyPositive is an exciting new BBC campaign.", "Some 120 diners celebrating a baptism at a restaurant in a north-western Spanish town all fled the restaurant at once without paying, the owner said.", "Reported incidents of livestock worrying have risen by 55%, according to police.", "French driver Esteban Ocon will race for Force India in 2017 after agreeing a \"multi-year deal\", with the team.", "The quality of care at an Aberdeen nursing home has been deemed \"unsatisfactory\".", "Fetch, sit and roll over - all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog.", "Three men have been found guilty of killing a rival drug dealer in a gang-related revenge attack.", "Blackburn Rovers midfielder Hope Akpan has had his three-match ban for violent conduct extended to four, following a Football Association charge.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Ben Jefford on an 18-month contract from Welling.", "Adam Voges and Dawid Malan both hit tons as Middlesex dominated Hampshire on day one at Merchant Taylors' School.", "Parents of babies with milk and soya allergies could face charges of up to \u00a3112 per week to feed their children in London, it has been claimed.", "Thousands of people have come forward following a worldwide appeal to find a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a match in the next two months.", "A Bangladeshi toddler born with a third leg attached to her pelvis is returning home after successful surgery in Australia.", "A man is to appear in court over the suspicious death of a 34-year-old in Dundee.", "A man has died in a huge blaze at a sheltered housing complex in Fife.", "Forest Green Rovers goalkeeper Sam Russell has signed a new one-year deal.", "John Horan easily won the vote at Congress on Friday night to become the GAA president-elect.", "Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has played down reports of Rangers renewing their interest in Jamie Walker.", "Michael van Gerwen has won the UK Open title for the first time in his career, beating Peter Wright 11-5 in the final in Minehead.", "Gordon Greer has a double mission this summer - find a new club and one that is good enough to help him retain his place in the Scotland team.", "The longest-serving Lib Dem peer and veteran human rights campaigner, Lord Avebury, has died at the age of 87.", "A CCTV image of two women who may have witnessed a serious assault at a music venue has been released by police.", "A protest has taken place opposing cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.", "Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after suffering discrimination and serious injuries in the line of work, a union said.", "Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson says the club have been hit hard by the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick, who he believes will be successful with England.", "German exports and production fell in November compared with the previous month.", "A Red Cross manager who led the organisation's on-site response to the Shoreham Airshow disaster has been awarded a British Empire Medal.", "The Welsh Liberal Democrats would create 140,000 extra apprentices over the next five years if the party wins power in May's elections.", "Vodafone has warned it could move its headquarters from the UK depending on the outcome of Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union.", "A man has been jailed after he told a stranger that he wanted her to have a baby with her so he could abuse it.", "A police officer has been disciplined over a mistake which led to armed police being sent to the wrong address during a search of a family home in County Down.", "Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic gave the Paris crowd a home victory to cheer as they won the women's doubles title at the French Open.", "Head coach Warren Gatland said Wales' string of injuries were no defence for their 23-19 World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa.", "Bosses at Gatwick Airport have unveiled five \"guarantees\" they hope will convince the Airports Commission to approve a second runway.", "Carlisle United have signed free-agent winger Louis Pedro on a short-term contract that will expire on 21 May.", "League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe from Bury on loan until 5 January.", "A British woman jailed for taking her clothes off on a mountain in Malaysia has left Borneo ahead of returning to the UK later.", "The International Bomber Command Centre has been targeted by thieves for the second time in a matter of weeks.", "The winding-up petition brought against League Two side Northampton Town has been withdrawn following a court hearing on Monday.", "Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have plunged by about 50% in the past two days, surprising market watchers across the region.", "Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined 20,000 rupees (\u00c2\u00a3229; $300) after posting photos online of him and his wife posing in front of endangered Asiatic lions.", "A man who was facing trial for the attempted murder of two boys who were stabbed in a street in Hampshire has been found dead in his prison cell.", "Shows like Transparent mean there are more LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) characters on US TV than ever before, a report has found.", "Voters in Tower Hamlets are going to the polls to vote for a new mayor.", "Former England half-back Rangi Chase says he is \"back in love\" with rugby league after rejoining Castleford following a fight with depression.", "Britain's Martyn Rooney says he would rather receive his Beijing Olympic bronze medal at the Anniversary Games than at the World Championships.", "Researchers have identified a gene that appears to curb coffee consumption.", "Thailand has begun the process of naming Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as the country's new king.", "Sammy Wilson has said he will not be running for the DUP leadership.", "The body of a man has been found at a property in Oxford, police have confirmed.", "A Chinese government-linked company has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting high-performance coatings from the US to a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.", "You wait more than 15 years for a new Ghostbusters film, and then two come along at the same time.", "Rail upgrade works affecting people travelling between south Wales, Bristol Parkway and London Paddington have begun.", "Some 800,000 people have turned out in Barcelona and other towns in Catalonia on a day of rallies by nationalists wishing to break with Spain.", "Photographs showing a festive Prince Harry have been released, to mark his support of a charity helping children affected by HIV and Aids.", "Singapore plans to regulate third-party taxi booking apps such as Uber by capping fees and limiting them to use only licensed vehicles and drivers.", "A police dog stabbed on duty returned to the beat earlier this month after life-saving surgery.", "A woman, believed to be in her 80s, has died following a blaze at a house in the village of Lhanbryde near Elgin in Moray.", "Four men have been charged in a shooting at outside a Minneapolis police station that left five protesters wounded.", "The prime minister of the southern African kingdom of Lesotho has fled to South Africa, alleging a coup by the army and saying his life is in danger.", "A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been a victim of \"political harassment\" after a break-in at his constituency office in Cardiff.", "Campaigners are holding a protest walk against plans to build pylons across the Lake District National Park.", "Baltimore has lifted an overnight curfew imposed after riots sparked by the death of a black man in custody.", "Defender Paul Quinn has rejoined Ross County on an 18-month contract after agreeing his release from Aberdeen.", "Alviro Petersen made his second County Championship century of the summer to spearhead a solid day's batting by Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's.", "The US stock market closed on Tuesday about where it began, recovering after a flash of panic prompted by the release of emails from Donald Trump Jr.", "After being elected the new president of the IAAF, Lord Coe said taking the role was \"probably the second biggest and most momentous occasion in my life\" after the birth of his children.", "York City have signed midfielder Clovis Kamdjo on a two-year contract following his release by National League rivals Forest Green Rovers in May.", "Carmaker Vauxhall is trying to contact hundreds of thousands of British drivers, over worries their Zafira models could catch fire.", "Star Wars fans are being given the opportunity to become Jedi Knights and learn how to wield lightsabers in combat.", "A man has died in a crash involving two cars on one of Dorset's busiest routes.", "Oil firm Royal Dutch Shell has won approval from the US Department of Interior to explore for oil in the Arctic.", "A 26-year-old lawyer has pleaded guilty to murdering a young teacher whose body was found at a hotel on Christmas Eve.", "Turkey has blocked direct access to the Tor anonymous browsing network as part of a wider crackdown on the ways people circumvent internet censorship.", "Winger Carlos de Pena has left Middlesbrough after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.", "Palmyra, one of the archaeological jewels of the Middle East, is said to be under threat from Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.", "Contractors were left red-faced after incorrectly painting the word \"rihgt\" on a road off a supermarket car park.", "Ex-Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes new manager Rafael Benitez will be allowed greater control at the club.", "A Victorian university building in Aberystwyth could be transformed into a postgraduate centre under plans for a new \"cultural quarter\".", "Nottinghamshire piled up 446 on the opening day of the 2016 season as Steven Mullaney punished newly-promoted Surrey with an impressive hundred.", "Awareness rides are taking place to try and cut the number of people on horseback injured or killed on roads.", "A book about the death of a British officer in Afghanistan, once pulped by the Ministry of Defence, has won the Orwell Prize for political writing.", "Wetwang, Cockermouth and Bell End were just some of the place names deemed too rude to be shown at a Women's Institute (WI) event.", "Ireland flanker CJ Stander says scrum-half Conor Murray will not need special protection in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Murrayfield.", "Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge in South Africa to run 27 marathons in 27 days for Sport Relief.", "Norwich boss Alex Neil was pleased with his side's \"control\" during their 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Tuesday.", "Hugh Grant has been cast in Guy Ritchie's big-screen adaptation of the 1960s TV show, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Nigeria has slipped into recession, with the latest growth figures showing the economy contracted 2.06% between April and June.", "Wall Street posted solid gains, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reaching record highs.", "A commemorative \u00a35 coin is being produced to honour the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.", "One of the reasons the Great Exhibition of the North was awarded to Newcastle and Gateshead was because of the \"ambition\" of  organisers.", "A woman has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of her three-year-old son at their Dublin home earlier this week.", "Two men have appeared in court and been charged with murder following the death of a man who suffered serious head injuries at a banqueting venue.", "Barratt Homes has confirmed it is pressing ahead with plans to build 400 new homes in the east of Scotland.", "Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio.", "Members of the public are being asked to help create a record of ritual markings on buildings that were once believed to ward off evil spirits.", "Residents and commuters took to social media after the chimney at Didcot power station apparently vanished, leading to fears it had accidently collapsed.", "A new hovercraft route between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth could be introduced in the summer, operator Hovertravel has said.", "Almost 150,000 cruise ship passengers are scheduled to visit the Bailiwick of Guernsey during 2013.", "Northern Ireland needs a major new tourist attraction outside Belfast, according to the chief executive of Titanic Belfast.", "A paranoid schizophrenic who killed a former neighbour and went missing from his secure unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.", "The chief constable of Northumbria Police will retire after 30 years of service, it has been announced.", "Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff is expected to be out for 12 weeks after having knee surgery.", "Austria winger Martin Harnik will miss Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Wales in Vienna because of a calf injury.", "Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says he wants to guide the Championship side into Europe next season as EFL Cup holders.", "A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after having issues with its nose wheels.", "A sculpture park near Wakefield has reported a 170% rise in visitors since poppies from the Tower of London went on show in September.", "Families of people allegedly killed by an Army undercover unit have been told former members of the unit who appeared on TV admitted no crimes.", "Youths gathering in an Anglesey town centre face being ordered to move, after police imposed an anti-social dispersal order in the area.", "A champion boxer who forced his way into his ex-girlfriend's flat and grabbed her around the throat has been jailed.", "A US citizen held for more than a year in North Korea has been moved back to a labour camp, US officials say.", "Three of the best known piers in England and Wales have been put on the market for a collective price of \u00a312.6m.", "South Africa head coach Russell Domingo will have to reapply for his job if he wants to stay in charge of the team after their summer tour of England.", "Singer Lil' Chris's death was caused by hanging, an inquest has heard.", "A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car police were pursuing has been described by his family \"as a respected and dedicated academic\".", "Rory McIlroy hopes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai despite suffering with food poisoning.", "Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Warwickshire in all formats of the game to focus on batting.", "French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue for libel after a senior police officer said she was harassed to change her report on the Nice terror attack.", "Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said he was mystified by his lack of pace in the Russian Grand Prix.", "Hundreds of green-fanged tube web spiders have taken over the back garden of a family home in Cardiff.", "Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland made a 2016 pre-tax profit of \u00a358m on a turnover of \u00a3176m.", "A murder inquiry has been launched in Nottingham after the death of a man.", "Two-thirds of older and disabled people in England who turn to their local councils for help with care are turned away, figures show.", "A Bolivian aviation official says she was pressured by her bosses into changing a flight report she made for the plane that crashed last week with Brazilian team Chapocoense on board.", "The trial of a group of cult members in China who beat a woman to death at a McDonald's restaurant has opened in the city of Yantai in Shandong province.", "A vigil has taken place in Cardiff Bay for French citizens and others following terror acts in Paris which left 17 people dead in three days.", "Chesterfield director of football Chris Turner has left the struggling League One club.", "More than \u00a33.8m has been spent in the last three years by civil servants using Welsh government-issued credit cards, prompting calls to reveal what the money has been spent on.", "Plans for a film studio on the outskirts of Edinburgh have been submitted to Midlothian Council.", "Tougher dog control measures could soon be implemented in Oxford.", "Stafford Shire Hall is to become an outpost of the University of Wolverhampton.", "Greenland profile", "A man has died following a two-vehicle collision on the A1 carriageway at Banbridge on Tuesday.", "Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington DC on Friday, the White House has said.", "Public transport in London is the world's most expensive, a report says.", "Gillingham are looking to add \"two or three\" more players to their squad, according to manager Ady Pennock.", "Steam, the digital gaming platform, has started offering Hollywood film rentals to users after signing a deal with production studio Lionsgate.", "Mexico officials say they have arrested six key people who allegedly helped fugitive drug cartel leader Joaquin Guzman escape from jail in July.", "A new \u00a348.5m school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open in October as planned, Highland Council has said.", "A key government policy to force all pupils to sit GCSEs in core academic subjects could be difficult for some students, the head of Ofsted has said.", "The Royal Navy has released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base.", "A missing man last spotted on CCTV footage taken at an Edinburgh train station has now been seen in central London.", "Scientists and fishermen are teaming up to try to find evidence of one of the world's rarest sharks off the Welsh coast.", "Lava from a volcano in Hawaii that has been erupting for two months, has been moving towards the coast.", "Irish state broadcaster RT\u00c9 is trying to get an injunction granted to Ireland's richest man discharged.", "Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from riding after concerns about his biological passport data resurfaced.", "A US freelance photographer who has been held in Syria for almost four years has been released, the State Department said.", "A white Chicago police officer has denied murder over the death of a black teenager who was shot 16 times in 2014.", "Newport midfielder Mark Byrne was a transfer target for Gillingham before a U-turn from manager Justin Edinburgh.", "It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new \u00a35 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.", "A 62-year-old Australian man, who says he survived without water by eating ants while lost in the Outback for six days, has spoken of his ordeal.", "Tottenham showed a \"lack of desire\" to win the Premier League with their first-half display in the 2-0 loss at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.", "Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been interviewed under caution by police following an allegation he racially abused an airline staff member at Heathrow on Monday night.", "The president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia is said to have fled the capital Sukhumi after opposition protesters seized his office.", "India's railway ministry is receiving praise on social media after it acted on a tweet from a train and provided milk to a hungry baby.", "Kasabian's latest music video has been called \"damaging\" by a mental health organisation.", "An attempt to trigger a referendum on Cardiff having an elected mayor is going to fail, a campaigner has admitted.", "The government will be lobbied by a Hampshire council over its plans to sell off an additional 56 defence sites by 2040.", "A suspected illicit cigarette-processing factory in Birmingham, thought to be capable of producing 35 million a month, has been shut down.", "Surrey Police needs to improve how it investigates crime and tackles serious and organised crime, a government inspector has said.", "The BBC has confirmed the \"global\" version of its iPlayer on-demand service will close next month.", "A cemetery's unique Victorian reception house which stored coffins to stop poor people keeping bodies in their homes, has been given protected status.", "Hundreds of cartoonists from around the world have taken part in a competition in Iran attacking Donald Trump.", "West Brom reached round three of the League Cup courtesy of a penalty shootout after being held to a goalless draw by League One side Port Vale.", "League One Rochdale have signed midfielder Keith Keane on loan from Cambridge United until January.", "A woman has been left uninjured but very upset after two men forced their way into her home and stole valuables believed to be worth thousands.", "Politicians, religious and civic leaders give their reaction to the bin lorry crash that killed six people in central Glasgow.", "England suffered a heavy 64-17 defeat by New Zealand in the final of the World Under-20 Championship in Tbilisi.", "A lorry fire has closed a southbound section of the M1 in Northamptonshire.", "Funding of up to \u00a3200m has helped create new jobs at a Highlands engineering company.", "An 82-year-old woman found murdered in her Fife home was the victim of a \"brutal and horrendous attack\", police have said.", "More international help has been arriving in Chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history.", "The US has \"strongly condemned\" Israel for approving plans for new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank.", "A Muslim couple arrested over fears that they were heading to Syria for \"extremist activities\" have won a court fight for the care of their children.", "A monument to the women chainmakers of Cradley Heath in the Black Country has been unveiled.", "Nearly 700 recruits have returned to Kenya after quitting militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.", "A 20-year-old woman has died in a crash in Richhill, County Armagh.", "Midwives in Northern Ireland staged a four-hour strike from 08:00 BST and 12:00 BST on Thursday in a pay dispute.", "Two schoolboys aged 12 and 13 have been arrested after concerns were raised about children sharing inappropriate images on social media.", "A man has been charged with murder after a former non-league footballer was stabbed to death.", "A South Korean soldier who shot dead five of his colleagues and injured seven others has been sentenced to death by a military court.", "The leader of South Africa's opposition, the Democratic Alliance, has said she will not stand for re-election at the party's congress next month.", "British middleweight champion Chris Eubank Jr has offered to give his title belt to retired opponent Nick Blackwell as a \"goodwill gesture\".", "Police in a small Alaska town mistakenly told a couple their son had been killed in a car crash, leading to an extraordinary reunion hours later.", "Swindon Town have re-signed midfielder Ben Gladwin on a 28-day emergency loan deal from Queens Park Rangers.", "Police are treating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry, as suspicious and have made an arrest.", "The family of murdered Sinn F\u00e9in official Denis Donaldson have said they do not believe the Provisional IRA killed him, or that his shooting was authorised by Gerry Adams.", "A plaque has been unveiled in memory of an Army medical officer who treated prisoners at a German concentration camp in 1945 following its liberation.", "The PSNI have found a \"viable\" pipe bomb in Dungiven, County Londonderry.", "Parents have been warned about an intruder at a Ceredigion nursery, according to a letter seen by BBC Wales.", "Home improvements retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a controlling stake in B&Q China to Wumei Holdings.", "Former Premier League striker Leon McKenzie is to fight for a national boxing title.", "RSPB Scotland has urged people to discard unwanted plastic bags carefully after a rare bird was photographed with one caught in its beak.", "Police have launched an investigation after the body of man was found in an alleyway in Rochdale.", "All but one council area of Nottinghamshire, including Nottingham city, has voted to leave the EU.", "Anthony Joshua has the \"brutish strength\" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to Audley Harrison.", "A full DNA profile has been developed of a man whose near-complete skeleton was found close to a motorway.", "Peter Houston has targeted a Scottish Championship play-off place after being unveiled as the new manager of Falkirk.", "A man died despite a rescue attempt at Penzance Harbour.", "Ryan Johnston's half-time introduction help Kilcoo edge out 13-man Scotstown 1-8 to 0-9 in the Ulster Club Football preliminary round game at Clones.", "Welsh athlete Helen Jenkins is determined to join Non Stanford and Vicky Holland in the GB triathlon team at the Rio Olympics.", "As Irish PM Enda Kenny quits as Fine Gael leader, eyes are focusing on who might succeed him.", "The second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has again been adjourned, a coroner has confirmed.", "The company that conducts most of America's rocket launches has released details of its next generation vehicle.", "American rapper A$AP Yams died of an accidental drug overdose, according to New York City's chief medical examiner.", "Doncaster Rovers boss Dean Saunders says the club are continuing to investigate claims that forward El-Hadji Diouf breached club discipline.", "Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will partner rookies in Saturday's foursomes as Europe begins day two of the Ryder Cup 5-3 behind the United States.", "Rents for premium office space in Belfast city centre have risen by 19%, but experts say still not enough to generate a boom in developments.", "The pilot of a police helicopter has called for a ban on lasers after a beam of light was shone at his aircraft as it flew over Northamptonshire.", "Scientists at Oxford University have developed a machine that can lip-read better than humans.", "Theresa May's intention at this summit was to reassure other countries that life after the EU might be tricky to work out, but in the end, all will be just fine.", "Pakistan coach Waqar Younis has dismissed suspicions over his side's performance in the third one-day international against England.", "YouTube is to scrap \"unskippable\" 30-second advertisements on the video-streaming service, from 2018.", "Defenders James Chester, Paul Dummett and Adam Matthews have been included in the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 12 June.", "Judgement has been reserved at the end of the 'gay cake' case in Northern Ireland.", "A man accused of forced labour charges told a Cardiff Crown Court he treated the alleged victim, \"like a member of the family\".", "A 21-year-old woman has died following a crash involving two cars in south Belfast.", "A hall of fame celebrating rugby union's past has been officially opened at the sport's birthplace.", "The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has appointed the first female college commander in its history.", "An armed raid at a jewellers could be linked to one at another branch three months ago, police have said.", "Sam Robson and Paul Stirling scored centuries as reigning champions Middlesex dominated the opening day against Yorkshire at Lord's.", "Police are searching for two teenage boys after one of them shone a laser into a woman's eye in Clydebank, leaving her blind in one eye.", "A psychiatrist told a murder trial the death of a nine-year-old Lincoln boy was one of the most \"callous killings\" he had ever seen.", "Reading winger Jobi McAnuff says he hopes to end his playing career at the Championship club.", "Plans have been submitted to Highland Council for the new Inverness Justice Centre.", "Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the \"jury is still out\" on manager Russell Slade.", "High Street retailer Next has been hit with a \u00a322.4m tax bill after a court found it diverted profits made in the UK offshore to avoid paying tax.", "Elusive artist Banksy has landed a South Bank Sky Arts Award nomination for his Dismaland theme park.", "A Paralympian has said an MRI scan showing no sign of a tumour that had threatened to crush his spinal cord was better than winning a gold medal.", "English rider Guy Martin will not compete in the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod for the third year in a row.", "The price of carbon hit a record low in Europe on Monday as the over-supply of emissions permits during the global economic downturn continued to undermine the carbon market.", "Ghana has demanded a $500,000 (\u00a3350,000) refund after its transport ministry spent $1m to paint more than 100 buses with portraits of the country's recent leaders.", "Four people have been arrested in the Paris region and southern France, officials say, on suspicion of recruiting militants to fight in Syria.", "Tributes have been paid to a forensic archaeologist who led the searches for the Disappeared - people murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.", "The first application to explore for shale gas in the East Midlands has been submitted to a Nottinghamshire council.", "Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a publicity photo showed her with the Arabic word for \"Allah\" tattooed on her upper body.", "A turtle, thought to be from the Gulf of Mexico, that washed up on a Cumbrian beach has died.", "Dual-code international Joel Tomkins has returned to rugby league side Wigan Warriors after a three-year spell in rugby union with Saracens.", "Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith has signed a new deal to stay with the Championship side until 2022.", "Barrow want to retain Andy Cook but expect the striker to explore opportunities in the Football League, says manager Paul Cox.", "A giant panda in Hong Kong called Ying Ying is pregnant and due to give birth within a week, officials at an amusement park say.", "Two more people have died of injuries sustained in Friday's Bucharest nightclub fire, doctors say, raising the death toll in the disaster to 29.", "A woman has admitted killing her partner who was fatally stabbed after returning home from a day at the races.", "A girl left disabled after being starved of oxygen at birth has been awarded a multimillion-pound compensation package.", "Social services staff have been criticised after a boy spent two years living with a relative who was a convicted paedophile.", "Facebook \"tramples\" on European privacy law by tracking people without consent, Belgium's privacy watchdog has said.", "Downton Abbey will be coming back for a sixth series in 2015, ITV has confirmed.", "Prime Minister Theresa May has laughed off questions about whether Chancellor Philip Hammond would still be in place after the general election.", "Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's music business-based drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after one season.", "Childline received a call from children experiencing suicidal thoughts in Northern Ireland almost every day over the course of last year.", "Plans for a new \u00a33m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by the town's council.", "Olympic great Michael Phelps swam a third 2015 world-best time in as many days in the 200m individual medley at the USA National Championships.", "A man has been arrested after two men died when a car and lorry crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.", "Fans were locked out of Baltimore Orioles' game against Chicago White Sox following violent protests in the city.", "Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a four-vehicle crash on the A465 in Monmouthshire.", "Administrators have confirmed the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in Inverclyde to businessman Jim McColl's firm, Clyde Blowers Capital.", "An associate of convicted hate preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 28 months for knocking a boy unconscious because he was cuddling a girl.", "Prisons are struggling to cope with the increasing number of elderly, sick and disabled people behind bars, a Prison Reform Trust report says.", "A 34-year-old man has been charged after windows were smashed and a doctor was verbally abused at a west Belfast health centre.", "A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck Aceh province in Indonesia on Wednesday, killing at least 97 people.", "Armagh moved to within a point of top spot with a 3-15 to 0-11 victory over Louth side in Drogheda.", "A Parisian woman is taking the French state to court for failing to protect her health from the effects of air pollution.", "New Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron says he \"absolutely supports equality\" amid questions over his Christian faith and politics.", "The High Court in Dublin is to resume a case in which a privacy campaigner is trying to block Facebook from sending EU citizens' personal data to the US.", "Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.", "A number of emergency call outs to properties being fumigated with pest control \"smoke bombs\" has prompted a warning from Dorset Fire Service.", "Tens of thousands of trees have been brought down by storms that wreaked havoc across northern and western Poland, the forestry service says.", "Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at Station Park.", "One of four men wrongly accused of murdering a British soldier has said he is \"devastated, but not surprised\" to learn that interview notes relating to the case have gone missing.", "Record-breaking Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka has returned safely to Earth after spending 879 days in orbit.", "Romania's women won gold in the women's team epee to secure their country's first medal at Rio 2016.", "Diesel car owners could get some help from the government if cities adopt new charges to tackle pollution, the prime minister has suggested.", "Dundee manager Neil McCann wants to improve the club's scouting network after a difficult summer of trying to bring in players.", "Former Wales and British and Irish Lion John Faull has died aged 83.", "Tiger Woods admits he has concerns over the physical challenge of stepping up his return from long-term injury.", "A grandmother has described how the victim of a paramilitary-style shooting in west Belfast knocked on her door asking for help after the attack.", "A man alleged to have helped run the notorious Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.", "A hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near Chichester in West Sussex.", "Zambia coach Beston Chambeshi says his team is highly motivated for Wednesday's Fifa Under-20 World Cup tie against Germany.", "Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have held surprise talks on a \"strategic partnership treaty\".", "Police have cleared hundreds of Roma people from a slum-like camp built on a disused rail line in north Paris.", "A Hampshire pier and ferry service facing an uncertain future is a \"national treasure\" which should be saved, television historian Dan Snow has said.", "The family of a young musician killed in a car crash is aiming to fulfil his lifelong ambition to buy land and create an outdoor centre for children.", "A childhood friend of Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is developing a hospital garden in his honour.", "A video of leading Philippines presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte joking about a murdered Australian rape victim has provoked a storm of protest.", "Hundreds of photos of Bristol taken for a competition to show \"24 Hours in Our City\" are on show.", "Sales and profits slipped at Boeing last year, driven largely by lower deliveries of its military aircraft.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells retained his European men's lightweight pair title as he and San Scrimgeour took gold for Britain in Brandenburg.", "India's 19-Test unbeaten run was emphatically ended as Australia beat them by 333 runs in the first of a four-match series.", "Pilgrims Bay produced a late surge to win the BetBright Chase at Kempton Park.", "A study of Irish Traveller genetics has suggested that they split socially from the settled population much earlier than thought.", "The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been reopened after a landslide led to travel on the road being restricted to between 07:00 and 19:00.", "A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and woman at a Dundee flat.", "Gordon Benson claimed Great Britain's first European Games gold medal with victory in the men's triathlon in Baku, Azerbaijan.", "A further \u00a327m for the refurbishment of the Burrell Collection has been approved by Glasgow City Council.", "The restoration of natural bends to a river in Cumbria after 200 years has spawned benefits for breeding fish.", "France has charged Yemenia Airways with manslaughter over a 2009 crash off the Comoros Islands that killed 152 people, judicial sources say.", "Five-time world player of the year Marta Vieira da Silva has joined Orlando Pride in America's National Women's Soccer League.", "Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Laurent Frayssinous.", "Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin babies, Gabriella and Jacques, the palace has announced.", "Northern Ireland's Amy Foster safely progressed to the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games but Jason Smyth and Leon Reid bowed out of the men's sprint event.", "Three people were arrested amid violent scenes as groups demonstrating against immigration clashed with anti-racism protesters in Dover.", "Nigel Farage should take a break \"as leader\" of UKIP but not a break from being leader, the party's only MP says.", "The Wedgwood Museum collection has been bought from administrators after \u00a315.75m was raised to save it.", "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the main players in the Arab world.", "The number of children and young people needing counselling about online bullying has increased by 88% over five years, according to a helpline.", "Police are hunting for a man who raped a 14-year-old girl from Hertfordshire while holding her prisoner for nearly 12 hours overnight.", "Residents in a County Fermanagh village have expressed anger at the \"heartless act\" of a driver who killed five cygnets.", "A community group has agreed a deal to take over a former Powys pub following concerns it was going to be turned into a well-known supermarket.", "Syphilis and gonorrhoea sexually transmitted infections are continuing to rise in England, new figures show.", "Britain's Chris Froome remains third in the Vuelta a Espana after a late crash caused chaos on Wednesday's stage five.", "The national air traffic service (Nats) has said a \"massive\" programme of modernisation is needed to keep up with demand for air travel.", "Hewlett-Packard says it will cut another 25,000-30,000 jobs, or 10% of its workforce, as it plans to split the company in two.", "The length of time ambulance crews spend waiting to hand over patients at hospital accident and emergency units in Yorkshire has doubled in a year.", "Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.", "British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 73.", "A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.", "The British and German economies are the \"beating heart\" of Europe, George Osborne has said as he heads to Berlin for talks on reforming the EU.", "A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory.", "The Indian state of Tamil Nadu is to hire the country's first transgender police officer after a court cleared hurdles that faced one applicant."]}