{"document": ["Officers searched properties in the Waterfront Park and Colonsay View areas of the city on Wednesday . Detectives said three firearms , ammunition and a five-figure sum of money were recovered . A 26-year-old man who was arrested and charged appeared at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday .", ", and , all 18 , and , 24 , appeared in a Chicago court on Friday . The four have been charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery , among other things . An online fundraiser for their victim has collected $ 51,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 42,500 ) so far . Denying the four suspects bail , Judge asked : \" Where was your sense of decency ? \" Prosecutors told the court the beating started in a van and continued at a house , where the suspects allegedly forced the 18-year-old white victim , who suffers from schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder , to drink toilet water and kiss the floor . Police allege the van was earlier stolen by Mr , who is also accused of demanding $ 300 from the victim 's mother while they held him captive , according to the Chicago Tribune . The court was also told the suspects stuffed a sock into his mouth , taped his mouth shut and bound his hands with a belt . In a video made for Facebook Live which was watched millions of times , the assailants can be heard making derogatory statements against white people and . The victim had been dropped off at a McDonalds to meet Mr - who was one of his friends - on 31 December . He was found by a police officer on Tuesday , 3 January , a day after he was reported missing by his parents . Prosecutors say the suspects each face two hate crimes counts , one because of the victim 's race and the other because of his disabilities .", "The 48-year-old former Arsenal goalkeeper played for the Royals for four years . He was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003 . A West Brom statement said : \" He played a key role in the Championship club twice winning promotion to the Premier League in 2006 and 2012 . \"", "Relieved that the giant telecoms company would not be broken up , they piled into the shares , sending them up 3 % in early trading . BT dodged a bullet - and , as the chief executive of Ofcom , , admitted , it was for prosaic reasons . She said complications with land deals and BT 's giant pension scheme meant there were \" practical obstacles \" to a break-up that would delay the process several years . It 's the pension scheme that probably most influenced Ofcom 's thinking . BT 's retirement scheme , inherited from its time as a state-owned utility , has assets of about \u00c2 \u00a3 40bn and a deficit , on some measures , of about \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn , even though BT has poured in billions of pounds in recent years to redress the gap . Senior sources at the company say that about 80 % of the scheme relates to Openreach , the internet infrastructure provider that BT 's rivals would like to see spun off . Separating the pension as part of a break-up would be a costly headache - and there is the small matter of a government guarantee on part of the scheme , something that BT fought in the courts to preserve and won . Creating two new pension schemes , with the risk of weakening the financial resources of one or the other , might be too hot a political potato , even in the pursuit of faster broadband . BT 's share price reaction might turn out to be overdone . Ms White plans to enforce the separation by introducing not only a new board to run Openreach , but also new articles of association that will give directors a duty to serve customers of the network as much as the company 's owners . This holds out an obvious prospect of conflicts to come , and runs counter to the normal assumption that in private companies , the shareholder is king . It also carries an echo of the \" golden shares \" held by the government in Rolls-Royce and BAE Systems , two companies judged important for the defence of the realm . In each case , the golden share is actually enshrined by specific articles of association that give directors and the government powers beyond those normally enjoyed by company boards . BT 's chief executive , , said he thought he could reach a compromise with Ofcom , but admitted they would need to see the detail of the new articles . If they prove too much at odds with BT 's own desire to control Openreach - which it will still own - get ready for a court battle and perhaps , eventually , a full break-up .", "\" I 'm really looking forward to it - the home of Scottish football ,\" said ahead of his maiden visit . \" I hear the pitch is good , a nice big pitch suits the speed in our team and our intensity . \" The technical area goes right out to the end of the pitch , but you might need a taxi to get back to your staff . \" This will be second taste of the Old Firm derby and his experience of the fixture got off to a great start with a 5-1 league victory at Celtic Park last month . \" It was a brilliant performance by the players in every aspect ,\" he recalled . \" Obviously this one is on a neutral ground , but we 'll be looking to have a similar performance . \" We 'll be prepared and focused . We know it 's going to be a tough game . We anticipated that the last time . \" is also aware Celtic 's visit to Hampden last season in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers ended in defeat . \" The last experience there was n't so good for Celtic ,\" he said . \" But it 's a different team with a different mentality and we 'll look to take that mentality into the game . \" lost two semi-finals in his time at Liverpool and is aiming to make it third time lucky at the club he joined in the summer . \" You have to perform - that 's what 's important and if you get little bit of luck along the way then hopefully you 'll get the result that you want. \" said the Northern Irishman . \" So , for us , it 's really looking at our performance level , which in the main has been at a really high level . \" My focus is always on my own team and , if we impose our style of play , it can give a lot of problems to opponents . \" Unlike predecessor , would not be drawn on this semi-final being a step on the way to a potential domestic treble . \" It 's very , very difficult to achieve ,\" he said . \" There 's been great managers here in the past that have n't achieved that . \" But it 's the first competition where we 've a chance to win a trophy and I 've always said that it 's a priority for us because it 's the first one . \" Our idea was to qualify for the Champions League , which we did , to make a good start in the league , which we 've done , and then look to get to the League Cup final . \" Unless you can do that then you do n't have the chance to win the trophies . \"", "The move is in response to an \u00a3 8m cut in the subsidy received from the Department of Employment and Learning ( DEL ) . The cut in undergraduate places will come into effect from September 2015 . Job losses will be among both academic and non-academic staff and Queen 's says no compulsory redundancies should be required . There are currently around 17,000 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students at the university , and around 3,800 staff . Queen 's has a current intake of around 4,500 undergraduates per year . The university aims to reduce the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years . The BBC understands that there are no immediate plans to close departments or courses , but that the cuts in funding may put some departments and courses at risk . The Education Minister said he recognised that some students might now choose to study in other areas of the UK because of the cuts facing Northern Ireland 's universities . \" Some people will now be forced to look to opportunities in other parts of Great Britain and may not return to our economy ,\" he said . \" Defunding our investment in skills , particularly at a time when we 're trying to grow the economy does not make a lot of sense . What 's happening is we 're going backwards . \" The loss of any place is damaging to our economy , all subjects teach our young people critical skills . \" Queen 's vice-chancellor said the cuts had the potential to damage the reputation of the university . \" The potential negative impact , not just on the university but on the local economy is very significant ,\" he said . \" It 's the last thing we want to do , but we have to begin to focus on those areas where we can grow the organisation and develop it - it 's clear we can no longer depend on the public purse to fund tuition . \" If we 're not competitive we will not attract the best students , and we will not attract the best staff . \" Just under \u00a3 100m , a third of the university 's income , comes from the Northern Ireland Executive . DEL 's budget was reduced by \u00a3 62m earlier this year , and its budget for higher education institutions fell from \u00a3 203m to \u00a3 186m , a reduction of 8.2 % . Ulster University announced in February that it was dropping 53 courses . It will be cutting jobs and student places , but it has not yet revealed how many .", "The leaflets said the patient had been referred for an urgent appointment as their symptoms might indicate cancer . East Sussex NHS Trust has put the mix-up down to an external company that distributes its printed material . It said the wrong patient information leaflets were added to hospital appointment letters sent out in March . It has now contacted everyone affected to apologise and explain what went wrong . , assistant director of operations at the trust , said : \" It was an administrative error and we apologise for any unnecessary anxiety this error may have caused . \" East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust covers Hastings , Eastbourne and Rother , and is responsible for the Conquest Hospital and Eastbourne District Hospital . The trust said that due to the large number of appointment letters it sends out it uses an external printing company to print and distribute appointment letters . It said each letter is coded to indicate any supplementary information that needs to accompany it . Ms Fellows said : \" Unfortunately , for a short period in March , the printing company inadvertently miscoded approximately 850 letters resulting in a ' two-week information leaflet ' being inserted with an appointment letter . \" As soon as the error became apparent it was stopped immediately , and letters of apology sent out . \"", "The National League sold the Republic of Ireland midfielder to the Cherries for \u00a3 175,000 in 2012 and had a 15 % sell-on clause included in the deal . moved for an undisclosed fee , but says any money will go to help the cash-strapped club . \" I do n't think I 'll be getting anything ,\" told BBC Devon . \" There 's more important things . \" The Gulls are still looking for new owners having been taken over by a consortium of local business people last summer . They were forced to close down the club 's academy and drastically reduce the playing budget after millionaire former owner left the club .", "of Penygroes , Gwynedd , had been sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd after allegedly assaulting his mother . The 36-year-old was visited by an officer in April 2016 about his bail arrangements , which a doctor said could have added to his distress . His body was found in the Menai Strait on 2 May . Mr was receiving treatment at the hospital 's Hergest unit and was later moved to the Cynan ward where he received the visit from the officer . Speaking at the inquest in Caernarfon on Thursday , consultant psychiatrist Dr said he was \" extremely unhappy \" about the visit . \" I do n't think the police should be able to come to the ward without special permission ,\" he said . Asked by coroner whether the conversation with the officer could have added to Mr agitation and distress , Dr said : \" It 's quite possible - even likely \" . He said he had known Mr for more than two years and never considered him to be a suicide risk . The day before his death , he had asked staff for extra medication because he said he was feeling agitated , but they did not change his dosage because they could see no sign of agitation . On the evening of 2 May , Mr told staff he was going to the shop , but 45 minutes later his body was found in the Menai Strait . The inquest continues .", "The 33-year-old has featured only twice for the Foxes this term , having signed a new one-year deal with the Premier League newcomers in the summer . Former Blackpool forward scored three goals in 23 games for his parent club last season . He joined the 13th-placed Owls prior to Saturday 's Championship game against Norwich City .", "The ska group tweeted the news : \" It is with deep regret that we say goodbye to our great friend , the world 's greatest drummer , our beloved . RIP . \" joined The Specials in 1979 , and continued with the reversioned band The Special AKA , who had a top 10 hit with . took part in The Specials reunion tour in 2009 . He also headed up a band called JB Allstars . The band 's representatives said the drummer died in England but no cause of death was given . In a statement , his family said : \" It is with deepest regret that we have to announce the very sad news that our much loved husband and father passed away on Monday the 28 of December . \" 's drumming was the powerhouse behind The Specials and it was seen as a key part to the Two Tone sound . He was much respected in the world of drumming and his style of reggae and ska was seen as genuinely ground-breaking when The Specials first hit the charts in 1979 . \" He was an integral part of The Specials reforming in 2008 and toured with them extensively up to the present day . His contribution to the world of music can not be understated and he will much missed by family , friends and fans alike . \" It is the family 's sincerest wish that they are allowed the time to remember him privately . \" The news comes three months after the band 's trombonist , , died . The band , famed for their 1960s mod-style outfits , had seven UK top 10 singles including Too Much Too Young and Ghost Town . Founder and songwriter dissolved the band in 1981 but they re-grouped and continue to perform and record without their former leading man . was one of the first musicans to pay tribute to : \" A bad day for good music . First we lose , now news that from the Specials has passed away . RIP . \" was born and brought up in Coventry where the band was formed in 1977 . Music producer , also from Coventry , expressed his shock at the news of the 's death . Speaking to BBC Coventry and Warwickshire , said : \" I always had a good laugh with . He was always proud of being in the band and what we 'd and he 'd achieved . \" He never left Coventry because he always wanted to be part of the scene ... he was tremendous . \"", "The 14-time major champion , playing in his first full PGA Tour event for almost 18 months , carded a level-par second round of 72 , but missed the cut by four shots after his first-round 76 . World number one and US Open champion also missed the cut at Torrey Pines in San Diego . Overnight leader carded a one-under 71 to put him on eight under . Canada 's and USA 's are tied in second on seven under , while US PGA champion missed the cut as he finished on three over . is playing in just his second tournament since 15 months out with a back injury . \" It 's frustrating not being able to have a chance to win the tournament ,\" said the 41-year-old , who won his last major , the US Open , at the same course in 2008 . \" Overall today was a lot better than yesterday . I hit it better , I putted well again . I hit a lot of beautiful putts that did n't go in , but I hit it much better today , which was nice . \" Scotland 's and England 's are both on two under , while Ireland 's is on level par .", "Media playback is not supported on this device \" If I push it , I could go backwards or end up back on medication ,\" he said . \" There is also a chance of rejection . \" The former Manchester United , Newcastle and Blackburn forward suffered kidney failure in 2015 after contracting an airborne virus . He has just returned to his role as a United ambassador following surgery . The 45-year-old is not even allowed to fly to Barcelona for a Manchester United legends game on 30 June . said : \" It is a long road ahead . It is a tough road and different to the battles I have had before . \" It is not like getting a football injury , when you go to the gym and work a bit harder . \" His 28-year-old nephew provided the donor kidney - \" a noble job \" as described it . has improved physically and has lost most of the weight he gained through his illness . And while there is still more work to do , , who will be United 's assistant manager for the return legends game against Barcelona at Old Trafford on 2 September , is looking forward to playing if a similar match is staged in 2018 . He said : \" I still get very tired but I can do a lot more than I was able to two years ago . If this game is played next year I want to be out there . \" Earlier this week , another former Newcastle and England striker , , told the BBC he felt English clubs were a long way off being able to challenge for the Champions League . agrees , saying : \" From what I have seen in Europe , I am not sure any of the English teams will win it . They are miles apart . \" If you look at Real Madrid , Barcelona or Bayern Munich , a lot of the players people are talking about Premier League clubs paying \u00a3 50m or \u00a3 60m for ca n't get in their teams . \" That tells you where they are at . \"", "Pakistan 's telecoms regulator said the ban was no longer necessary because Google , which owns YouTube , had now launched a Pakistan-specific version . YouTube has denied claims that the authorities can filter content . Many young Pakistanis have welcomed the lifting of the ban but some activists want details of the deal with Google . They say there should be greater transparency of the terms agreed between Google and the government . A Pakistan Telecommunication Authority ( PTA ) official confirmed to the BBC that all internet service providers had been directed to open access to YouTube . The Pakistan Telecommunication Company Ltd posted on its Facebook page on Monday : \" Welcome Back YouTube \" . Pakistan 's ministry of information technology said : \" Google has provided an online web process through which requests for blocking access of offending material can be made by the PTA to Google directly . \" Google / YouTube will accordingly restrict access to the said offending material for users within Pakistan . \" However , a YouTube spokeswoman said government requests for the removal of content would not automatically be granted . \" We have clear community guidelines , and when videos violate those rules , we remove them ,\" she said . \" In addition , where we have launched YouTube locally and we are notified that a video is illegal in that country , we may restrict access to it after a thorough review . \" She said requests by governments for content to be removed would be recorded in YouTube 's Transparency Report . Pakistan 's ban on YouTube was imposed by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the US-made film Innocence of Muslims was uploaded . The amateur-made video was condemned in the Muslim world and sparked widespread protests for its mocking portrayal of the Prophet . More than a dozen people died in protests in Pakistan . Blasphemy is a crime in Pakistan and can carry the death penalty , although such a sentence has not been carried out . Google revealed last week that it had launched local versions of YouTube for Nepal , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .", "The 26-year-old was injured in last week 's win over Exeter . Director of rugby told BBC Radio Leicester : \" With eight weeks of the season to go that is probably the last we will see of him . \" Meanwhile , scrum-half , 24 , has signed a new deal , but the length of the contract has not been revealed . has been plagued by injuries since signing from Worcester in 2012 , suffering a serious neck injury which delayed his first-team debut by 15 months . He also sustained a knee injury that ruled him out for four months last term . But said : \" It is certainly not too serious and he will make a full recovery in the next eight to 10 weeks . \"", "The death toll doubled over the last two days as officials found more than 100 bodies once waters began receding . Officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people in the state . This years monsoon rains have affected millions across at least 20 states in India . The north-eastern state of Assam has also seen dozens killed and hundreds of thousands displaced . The government has announced aid packages for affected areas and Prime Minister is due to visit Assam on Tuesday . He has said the aim of his visit is to find a \" permanent solution \" to the flooding that Assam faces every year . The Press Trust of India news agency quoted an official as saying that many affected people in Gujarat had begun returning to their villages .", "Two snowsports enthusiasts got married at a Scottish ski resort before sliding off down a run in their wedding attire . and , from Moy , near Tomatin in the Highlands , tied the knot at Nevis Range , near Fort William , on Friday . The couple first 's date six years ago was a skiing trip , so they decided it would be appropriate to get married on skis . Adventure photographer took their wedding snaps . , who is a teacher , and , who runs his own electrical automation company , benefited from recent snowfalls for their big day . They got married in full Highland dress , which includes a kilt , and white wedding dress surrounded by snow-covered mountain landscape . The white stuff had been lacking over winter , but last month 's Storm Doris and recent spells of colder weather have helped with the operation of Nevis Range and Scotland 's other outdoor ski centres . The newly weds said : \" Over the last couple of years we have spent as many weekends as possible skiing the Back Corries at Nevis Range . \" We love the atmosphere , the friendliness of the staff and the amazing terrain for skiing . When we heard that we could actually get married there it was a no-brainer . \" The couple got married at the top of Easy Gully in a ceremony officiated by from the Humanist Society of Scotland . \" He was totally up for marrying us on skis and did an amazing job . He is currently trying to establish whether or not we are the first wedding actually conducted and vowed in skis - officiate and couple ,\" said the . \" We ca n't actually believe we are but there ca n't be many . We also managed to twist the arm of adventure photographer , who came along to take photographs . \" The couple added : \" The day could not have been better . Without doubt it was the best conditions of the year - with blue skies and fresh snow , we could not have asked for more . \" They thanked the staff of for \" a fabulous job making our day possible \" , and for helping in throwing \" a hell of a good party \" in the evening .", "The fine follows the conviction of former RBS trader , , for fraud last year . She was sentenced to 50 months in prison after being caught falsifying records of emerging markets trades . Hong Kong regulators said RBS 's controls were \" seriously inadequate \" . The Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) also said there were \" significant weaknesses in its procedures , management systems and internal controls . \" But the regulator said the fine took into account the bank 's speedy action in alerting the authorities once it had discovered the illegal trades , which took place in its emerging markets rates business in 2011 . \" This deserves substantial credit and is the reason why today 's sanctions are not heavier ones ,\" , the SFC 's head of enforcement , said in a statement . RBS responded with a statement , reading : \" We put in place a comprehensive remediation programme that strengthened our governance and supervisory oversight , and our control environment . \" The fine is relatively small compared to others the bank has received in the last few years . In December RBS agreed to pay 391m euros (\u00a3 320m ) in penalties to the European Commission for its role in the attempted rigging of Yen Libor and Euribor - the Tokyo and euro equivalents of the London interbank offered rate , or Libor . In the same month it was fined $ 100m (\u00a3 60m ) by US regulators for violations of US sanctions against Iran , Sudan , Burma , and Cuba . The bank was found to have removed location information on payments made to US financial institutions from countries such as Iran and Cuba .", "and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men who had robbed women of their mobile phones in a pub in Soweto . The suspects were found in possession of drugs and an unlicensed gun . South Africa has one of the highest murder rates in the world with more than 50,000 cases reported every year . \" Police are questioning the suspects to see if they can link them to the shooting ,\" says the police 's . Tributes are still pouring in for the star who was also a DJ on local radio station Jozi FM . Those who knew the 40-year-old have described him as a selfless man .", "Witnesses told officers they heard a gun being fired near Anfield Road Primary School at about 09:00 GMT . Pupils and staff there and at the nearby All Saints Catholic Primary School have been ordered to stay indoors while police investigate . Ch Supt said it \" beggars belief \" it would happen at a school . Members of the public told police the shot was fired at a dark coloured car by a white man in a grey hooded top who was on foot . A Merseyside Police spokeswoman said local hospitals had been checked and \" no-one has sought medical attention for injuries caused by a firearm \" . She said officers were making house-to-house inquiries and studying CCTV footage of the area . Ch said the attack \" appears to be targeted \" and was particularly worrying as \" a child could have been seriously injured or worse \" . He said police wanted to hear from those inside the car \" so we know they are safe \" . Anfield Road Primary School 's headteacher said her pupils were \" safe and unaware of the incident \" . \" The site was not evacuated , the school day is continuing as normal and a trip for some pupils took place as planned ,\" she said .", "The Olympic champion , 29 , was third overall at the end of a promising first day - traditionally her strongest - with a score of 3,928 points . On Sunday she leapt a respectable 6.16m in the long jump but threw a disappointing 42.60m in the javelin . With the 800m remaining , she has 5,544 points , still on course for the 6,200 needed to qualify for the Rio Olympics . is competing in her first heptathlon since winning gold at London 2012 . A top-12 finish and score of 6,075 points would also secure qualification for this summer 's World Championships . Canada 's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist leads ahead of the final event , remarkably achieving three personal bests on her way to a 5,834 score . Follow latest updates and reports on the second day of the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting on the BBC Sport website on Sunday , 31 May .", "Only 90 will be returned to Stormont - compared to 108 from previous assembly polls . Out of the 228 candidates , 70 are women . The election will take place on 2 March . Once again the DUP is fielding the most candidates with 38 , followed by Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in on 34 . The Ulster Unionist Party has 24 candidates , while the SDLP and Alliance have 21 each . The Green Party is fielding 18 candidates , the TUV , 14 , the Conservatives 13 and People Before Profit seven . The Workers Party has five candidates in the race , the cross-community Labour Alternative four , the PUP and the Citizens Independent Social Thought Alliance three each and the UKIP one . There are also 22 independent candidates in the field . West Tyrone , East Londonderry and East Antrim have the largest number of candidates standing , with 15 going on the ballot paper in each . The constituency with the fewest - nine - is Newry and Armagh .", "We received that question from who is planning a trip to New York in December . He asked : \" Should I get my cash now or should I wait ? Will there be much change between now and then ? \" , from BBC Reality Check , had this answer : \" The BBC does not give financial advice , but here are a few things to bear in mind ... \" The exchange rate between the pound and the dollar reflects the views of investors about the relative strengths of the two economies . \" Since the Brexit vote in June the pound has fallen about 18 % against the dollar on the judgment that growth is likely to be stronger in the US than the UK and that UK interest rates are falling while the next movement in US rates is expected to be upwards . \" But it 's always possible that something could happen to change that view - there is a presidential election in the US in November , for example . The outcome of that could make a considerable difference to the exchange rate . \" You do not necessarily have to put all your eggs in one basket - there is also the option to hedge your bets and buy half of your dollars now and half of them just before you go , as long as you are not going to be hit by extra charges for carrying out two transactions . \" It is always worth shopping around when buying currency - avoid buying your currency at the last minute at the airport . There are plenty of comparison sites online that will help you get the most dollars possible for your pounds , even if it is fewer than you would have got a few months ago . \" We asked readers to send in questions about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100 . chose 's question : \" I 'm planning on going to New York in December , should I get my cash now or wait ? Will there be much change between now and then ? \" Take a look at some of the other questions you 've wanted us to answer : Why does the NHS spend on homeopathy ? Could the UK take over existing EU trade deals ? Does fracking affect the water supply ? If you are reading this page on the BBC News app , you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question .", "More than 300 people entered Alternative Model of the Year with the winner being decided by judges in Newcastle on Saturday . Vintage-fan , 19 , from Bishop Auckland , is a student at Newcastle University . said she was shocked to be declared the winner . \" I 've always dressed a bit crazy ,\" she said . \" I do n't know why I wanted to be different , I guess I just always choose to wear what I like and look how I want to look rather than worrying about what 's in fashion . \" She said she now plans to pursue a career in modelling . \" I 'm only 5ft 3in tall and I never wanted to look normal so I never thought I could actually be a model , I had n't realised how big the alternative modelling world is . \" Organiser said : \" There is a lot of prejudice and hatred for people from sub-cultures so we wanted to create something that would celebrate the different lives we have , we are proud of what we are achieving . \" The final was held at Northumbria University in Newcastle .", "The Yomper statue is currently located in front of the Royal Marines Museum at Eastney . The National Museum of the Royal Navy has started consulting over a proposed move to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard . Campaigners insist it is a local memorial to the conflict and \" belongs \" at Eastney . The Yomper statue was created by , depicting a royal marine marching across the islands during the 1982 conflict and was unveiled by former prime minister , , in 1992 . The National Museum of the Royal Navy ( NMRN ) is planning to relocate the Royal Marines Museum from Eastney to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 13m lottery funded project and wants to take the statue with it . An online petition against moving the statue has attracted more than 1,800 signatories , saying it was \" now considered as our local Falklands War Memorial \" . who set it up said : \" The imposing scale of The Yomper needs space and adequate distance to be fully appreciated , and the visualization of the part in the major campaign that the statue represents could n't be achieved in an interior space . \" Conservative-led Portsmouth City Council also voted to express a \" clear preference \" that the statue remain where it it is . Its motion stated : \" The statue has graced the seafront for many years , serving as a reminder of both the Falklands War and of the Marines' historical association with Eastney . \" NMRN director said the new museum site would potentially have 750,000 visitors a year , compared to 40,000 at the current museum . \" He would be seen by far more people at the historic dockyard , but of course he was built for here [ Eastney ] and is part of here . \" He said no decision had been made and it would consider all comments submitted to its public consultation .", "It is believed to be the first alleged breach of the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures ( TPim ) . The suspect appeared at the Old Bailey accused of failing to contact a monitoring company and report to a police station twice in January . The Home Office has refused to comment on the case . TPims replaced control orders in January 2012 . The suspect - who can only be referred to as BM - was one of nine British citizens subject to a TPim when the figures were last disclosed in March . The BBC is not aware of anyone else who has appeared in court charged with a breach of a TPim . The Home Office said : \" We do not comment on individual cases . The police investigate all breaches of TPims and will prosecute where that is viable . \" Those subject to a TPim can be ordered to stay overnight at a specified address and report to a police station every day . Other measures include a ban on contacting particular individuals , going to certain areas and places and travelling abroad . Labour has argued that TPims have \" weakened \" public protection against terrorism . In March , the independent reviewer of terror laws , , said TPims could prove less effective than control orders because they can be imposed for a maximum period of two years only . The court heard that BM is charged with two counts of breaching Section 23 of a TPim order . The allegations are that on 16 January he failed to contact a monitoring company , and on 27 January failed to report to a police station . BM , who has a grey beard and was dressed for the hearing in a white shirt , cannot be named nor have his address published for legal reasons . The prosecutor asked for a provisional date of 2 July to be set for a plea and case management hearing . The defendant was granted unconditional bail although he remains subject to the restrictions imposed by his TPim . A trial date was not set .", "The 33-year-old takes over the role from , whom he assisted last season alongside his coaching commitments at Brighton College . took 199 wickets in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex between 2010 and 2014 and retired last year because of a knee injury . He will also coach the women 's under-19 and under-21 sides . \" This is a great opportunity to continue working with Sussex ,\" he said . \" The women 's game is fast-growing and I am looking forward to bringing my own experiences from professional cricket and using them to help the girls . \" , Sussex 's most-capped women 's player and coach of the under-17 side , will take on roles with the senior , under-21 and under-19 sides .", "The 23-year-old younger brother of Sunderland 's , had been on trial with the Shakers . has also had spells at Bradford , Doncaster , Oldham , Coventry , Ipswich , Watford and Carlisle , making over 50 appearances in the Football League . He is available for Bury 's League One season opener as they travel to Doncaster on Saturday . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "About 47 % of working South Africans earn less than the wage , which is being introduced to combat income poverty and inequality . But critics say it could put more people out of work as employers might not be able to afford the higher wages . The government says it will consult on the issue , but hopes to introduce a minimum wage within two years . Announcing the rate , which was proposed by a panel of advisers , the country 's deputy president said : \" We are now a step closer to finalising discussions on the national minimum wage . All social partners will now decide what their take is . \" He said the panel was not endorsing the proposed figure as a living wage , but wanted to set a minimum payment for workers . Wages are politically sensitive in the country , where the official unemployment rate is close to 25 % . One employment expert reckoned the figure was only about a quarter of the amount needed for the upkeep of a typical South African working-class household . Prof of the University of Witwatersrand told a Johannesburg radio station : \" You would need 12,000 rand to sustain a basic household . \" The African National Congress , South Africa 's ruling party , supported the proposal calling it \" credible and clearly supported by clear evidence \" . However , the Economic Freedom Fighters , the country 's third largest political party , said the plan \" favours business at the expense of workers \" . It called for a higher minimum wage of at least 4,500 rand . South Africa faces a possible downgrade to sub-investment grade by credit ratings agencies next month , with concerns remaining over violent wage strikes . Moody 's currently rates South Africa two notches above subinvestment grade , with a negative outlook , while Fitch and S & P Global Ratings have it just a step above \" junk \" . However , Mr said : \" We have made tremendous progress on the labour instability issues ,\"", "Only 50.5 overs were possible at the MCG , but Australia still got wickets at regular intervals with taking two for 53 . 's 110-ball half-century saw him pass 1,000 Test runs in 2016 . Australia lead the three-Test series 1-0 , having beaten Pakistan by 39 runs in the opener at the Gabba . was undone by after making just nine and , after and batted through the remainder of the morning , edged the last ball before lunch from to give his second catch . scored 11 off 13 balls with a four and a six before being brilliantly caught at short leg by off . bowled off an inside edge to end a third-wicket stand of 51 . The wicket came shortly before the scheduled tea break and the weather meant that interval came early and play never resumed .", "It was the first time the Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) system had been used to select two members in the same ward in a by-election . The SNP topped the vote in the Leith Walk by-election , while Scottish Labour won the second seat from the Greens . The by-election was called after of the SNP and of the Scottish Greens stood down . The SNP 's topped the Leith Walk poll with 2,290 votes . He was elected at stage one in the STV process with a swing in first-preference votes of 7.6 % from Labour . Labour 's received 1,623 votes , ahead of of the Scottish Greens on 1,381 . was elected at stage 10 of the voting process after other preferences had been considered . The by-election was called after Ms stood down when she was elected as the SNP MP for Edinburgh North and Leith in May . , of the Scottish Greens , resigned from her post to concentrate on standing for the Scottish Parliament in next May 's election . The turnout for the by-election was 25.1 % . The SNP also held the Midlothian West seat on Midlothian Council with a swing of 6.3 % from Labour . The party 's secured 1,540 votes , ahead of Labour 's on 945 votes . The by-election was called after was elected as SNP MP for the Midlothian constituency .", ", 20 , featured for Llandovery during the 2015-16 season while 19-year-old flanker has played for Scarlets' Under-18 side . Both players have been included in Wales' squad for June 's Junior World Championship . Wales play Ireland , Georgia and New Zealand in Pool A in Manchester . \" They both enjoyed a very successful Six Nations campaign and will take confidence into the forthcoming World Championships ,\" Scarlets general manager of rugby said .", "Eleven people were killed when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into traffic on the A27 on 22 August . West Sussex chief fire officer said the recovery operation was \" extremely challenging \" for crews . Sussex Police have also finished their work at the scene , but their investigations are continuing . Mr said the fire service had been \" truly humbled \" by the messages of support it had received . \" The thoughts and prayers of everyone at West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service continue to be with the families and friends of those killed and injured in the Shoreham Air Show tragedy ,\" he said . He anticipated that Friday would be the last day his crews worked at the scene and wanted to thank people for the \" over-whelming support we have received \" . \" In my 27 years of service I have never experienced such an outpouring of gratitude and respect as I have received on behalf of West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service over the last few weeks - from letters and emails , to words of thanks in the street , and from visitors at a number of our local fire stations ,\" he said . Det Chief Insp , of Sussex Police , said : \" Our officers and staff have been meticulous and have worked hard over the past three weeks to find answers for the victims' families . \" We have now finished work on the A27 , however our investigation continues . \" On Thursday , the Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) said it wanted to interview 51-year-old pilot as soon as possible . Reports that Mr , a former RAF pilot from Sandon , near Buntingford in Hertfordshire , had left hospital have not been confirmed by police . An initial AAIB report said Mr was thrown clear of the aircraft during the later part of the crash , but it is not clear whether he initiated his ejection . After the crash , the pilot 's family issued a statement which said they were devastated and deeply saddened by the loss of life and sent prayers and heartfelt condolences to the families of all those affected . West Sussex County Council said the single closed westbound lane of the A27 was expected to be reopened to traffic next week but screens will stay up on the roadside indefinitely for reclamation work on the land to be completed .", "Spokesman confirmed a private party was held on Saturday but said little else . The guest list of 500 was said to include lobbyists , CEOs and celebrities . The Rev tweeted about a performance by and . The civil rights activist and TV host wrote it was \" awesome \" to see them both on the keyboards . Mr did say the paid for the party on \" their own dime \" , but would not say how much the party cost . The New York Post reported that film director , actresses and fashion designer were among the celebrity guests .", "Causanagh Road , Loughgall Tannyoky Road , Poyntzpass Carrowreagh Road , Dundonald Edenticullo Road , Hillsborough New Line Road , Rathfriland Drumanure Road , Derrygonnelly", "The Alabama Securities Commission led the investigation , which helps prevent financial fraud against the elderly . After an agent interviewed , the commission 's head said he was satisfied she wanted a second book published . The new work - Go Set a Watchman - will be the 88-year-old American author 's first release since the 1960s . The surprise move prompted some suggestions was manipulated into publishing the decades-old manuscript , which was discovered by her lawyer in the author 's possessions last year . \" We closed the file . Let 's just say that she was able to answer questions we asked to our satisfaction from our point of view ,'' said , Alabama Securities Commission director . The New York Times reported that the investigation was sparked by requests from a doctor that the state investigate whether was capable to have consented to the release of the work . herself was \" extremely hurt \" by allegations she was manipulated , her lawyer said . To Kill a Mockingbird was published in July 1960 and has sold more than 40 million copies around the world . Go Set a Watchman was written before To Kill A Mockingbird , and features many of the same characters , with an adult returning to her native Alabama from New York to visit her father .", "Washington blamed Russia and the Syrian government for intensifying their attacks against civilians . Last week , the US warned it would halt the talks unless Moscow stops bombing the city of Aleppo . Russia said it regretted the US move , accusing it of shifting the blame for the collapse of last month 's truce . Aleppo , Syria 's largest city in the north , has come under heavy aerial bombardment since the end of the ceasefire two weeks ago . The main trauma hospital in the rebel-held eastern part of the city was hit in an air strike for the third time in a week , activists said on Monday . Hundreds of people , including children , have died since government forces launched an offensive to take full control of Aleppo after the week-long truce lapsed . Some 250,000 people are trapped in eastern Aleppo . In a statement , state department spokesman said : \" The United States is suspending its participation in bilateral channels with Russia that were established to sustain the cessation of hostilities . \" Unfortunately , Russia failed to live up to its own commitments ... and was also either unwilling or unable to ensure Syrian regime adherence to the arrangements to which Moscow agreed . \" Rather , Russia and the Syrian regime have chosen to pursue a military course ,\" Mr said , admitting that \" this is not a decision that was taken lightly \" . He said Moscow and Syrian President 's troops had been \" targeting of critical infrastructure such as hospitals , and preventing humanitarian aid from reaching civilians in need , including through the 19 September attack on a humanitarian aid convoy \" . Moscow strongly denies involvement of its own or Syrian planes in the deadly aid convoy strike , and says the incident was caused by fire on the ground and not by an air strike . In response to the US suspension of the talks , Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman said : \" We regret this decision by Washington . \" \" Washington simply did not fulfil the key condition of the agreement to improve the humanitarian condition around Aleppo . \" After failing to fulfil the agreements that they themselves worked out , they are trying to shift responsibility on to someone else ,\" said . She also said that the US had failed to divide jihadist groups in Syria from the moderate opposition . Russia and the US were due to convene in Geneva to try to co-ordinate air strikes against jihadist groups , but American officials were told to return home . The US also said that it would withdraw personnel \" that had been dispatched in anticipation of the possible establishment of the Joint ( US-Russian ) Implementation Centre \" . However , the two sides would keep talking about counter-terrorism operations in Syria to avoid unnecessary clashes .", "The parishioners at St Paul 's , Shipley , posted the video on Facebook in February after a traditional advert failed to attract any applicants . It was viewed more than 30,000 times and attracted media coverage across the UK . The new vicar , , will take up the post next week . The song , written by the children with the help of the church 's musical director , listed the qualities the new vicar needed . It begins with the lines : \" If you want this choice position have a cheery disposition . Make us laugh , smile lots , play games , tell jokes . \" Other requirements included \" You must be kind , you must be fair . Bible stories you will share . \" Boy or girl it does n't matter - but you must enjoy Harry Potter ! \" It ends with a promise by the children to keep the church tidy and not to \" talk in your sermons , we 'll be good you 'll see \" .", "The Belgium international , 24 , changed the game from the bench but fell awkwardly in injury time . His agent initially said would miss six weeks . But , after seeing a specialist , the \u00a3 55m former Wolfsburg player said : \" I 'll be out for around 10 weeks . \" could miss up to 13 league and cup games , including the League Cup final with Liverpool on 28 February , both legs of the Champions League last-16 tie with Dynamo Kiev and the Manchester derby on 20 March . The Belgian is City 's second top goalscorer with 12 this season , four behind striker . added : \" told me the only thing he can do is work hard and come back . is sad . His dream is to always be playing football . \" scored one goal and set up another to help City to a 4-3 aggregate victory over the Toffees . Everton goalkeeper , who repeatedly tried to lift up as he lay injured , used social media to say sorry . \" I would like to apologise to for my reaction to his injury ,\" said the 25-year-old Spaniard . \" In the heat of the moment I did n't realise he was badly hurt . I wish him all the best and a speedy recovery . \"", "The attacker , a 27-year-old Swiss man , also died on Sunday , they said . Five other people were hurt when the man set fire to the train and stabbed passengers in the attack on Saturday . Two of them , including a six-year-old child , are in a serious condition . Police have said that , as yet , there is no indication of a political or terrorist motive for the attack . The attack occurred around 14:20 ( 12:20 GMT ) as the train was approaching Salez station , between the towns of Buchs and Sennwald . Several dozen passengers were on board at the time . In a statement ( in German ) , St Gallen cantonal police said video evidence from inside the train showed the attacker , armed with a knife , pouring out a flammable liquid . Six people - including the attacker - were injured . The seventh injured person was a man on the platform who pulled the burning attacker off the train . Forensic experts are analysing the flammable liquid and the scene of the crime . Police said the attacker lived in a canton adjoining St Gallen . His address has been searched . On the basis of the video evidence , police say the man acted alone .", "The Flybe passenger aircraft was flying at about 900ft ( 275m ) and was about 2 miles ( 3km ) from Cornwall Airport Newquay when it happened on Tuesday afternoon , police said . Devon and Cornwall Police conducted a search of the area but have not found the drone or operator . Insp called it \" an incredibly concerning incident \" . Latest on the drone near miss , and other stories from Devon and Cornwall \" The close proximity of the drone to the passenger aircraft shows a complete disregard by the operator for public safety and we are appealing to the public for information to help us track down this reckless drone operator ,\" said . A spokeswoman for Cornwall Airport Newquay confirmed a drone had flown within the air traffic zone adjacent to the final approach to the airport as the plane flew in from London Stansted carrying 62 passengers . \" Although on this occasion there was no danger of collision , Air Traffic Control ( ATC ) reported this incident to the police as the drone should not have been flown in that area without ATC clearance and posed a potential danger to incoming flights ,\" she said . A spokesperson for the UK Civil Aviation Authority said : \" Airspace proximity incidents , whether involving two aircraft , or a drone and an aircraft , need to be fully investigated to establish the level of risk involved . \" The UK Airprox Board , which investigates airspace proximity incidents , said it had not received any official report of the incident yet . Flybe said it would \" work closely \" with all relevant authorities to help identify the perpetrators of any activity which could jeopardise passenger safety . Operators of any small unmanned surveillance aircraft must not fly them within 50m ( 164 ft ) of any vessel , vehicle or structure which is not under the user 's control , unless they have obtained permission from the Civil Aviation Authority , according to the Air Navigation Order 2009 . Figures have shown there were more reported near misses between drones and aircraft over the UK in the first six months of 2016 than the whole of the previous year .", "The grey seal was found at Cruden Bay on Tuesday . The Scottish SPCA removed the seal from beach and took it to the charity 's rescue centre where it was cut free . Ch Insp said : \" The amount of netting tangled around the seal 's neck was the largest I have ever seen . It was a lovely moment watching the seal heading back into the water . \" He added : \" He was so large and heavy it took three of our officers to lift him and take him to our centre in Drumoak where we cut the net away . \" If he had n't been discovered and freed the net would eventually have cut through his skin which could have resulted in septicaemia or other infections . \" Thankfully there were no injuries in this case and we were able to release him relatively quickly . \" This was a very happy ending and we 're so glad we were able to help . \"", "The archive of travel writer , war hero and adventurer Sir has been catalogued by the National Library of Scotland . The collection includes letters from and . Sir , who was known as , died in 2011 at the age of 96 . He published several books on his travels around the world and one of the most prized items in the archive is the only surviving notebook from his 1933 trek across Europe . The trek provided the material for his most famous books , ' A Time of Gifts ' , ' Between the Woods and the Water ' and ' The Broken Road ' . Thousands of items which occupy 16 metres of shelving took a year to be catalogued by library staff . Along with letters from notable 20th century figures they also uncovered literary manuscripts , sketches and what appears to be an unpublished poem on the back of an envelope . Sir spent much of World War Two on Nazi-occupied Crete . During his time there he disguised himself as a shepherd to organise guerrilla operations against the Nazis . He led one of the most daring feats of the war in 1944 , capturing the commander of the German garrison on Crete . The 1957 film starring ' Ill Met by Moonlight ' was based on the operation . , the library curator who worked on the archive project , said : \" It is a history of the colourful life of a celebrated writer . He was undoubtedly a superstar of his day and his books have , if anything , grown in popularity over the years . \" There has already been a lot of interest in the archive and we expect this to increase now among fans and people interested in the 20th century more generally . \" The library is working on digitising some of the archive so it can be viewed on its website . They are also considering holding exhibitions and displays of the collection so more people will be able to see it . The archive was given to the library by the John R Murray Charitable Trust . was Sir 's publisher and the trust also supported the cataloguing of the collection .", "Mr , who is secretary of the union 's Yorkshire region , won 56.7 % of the vote , while the only other candidate , , from the North West region , had 43.3 % . The union is the third largest in the UK with more than 600,000 members . Current general secretary announced in the summer he was standing down after almost a decade in the job . Mr has 35 years experience at the GMB and led the Leeds City Council 13-week refuse and street cleaning strike in 2009 - the longest in the union 's history . He said he was \" proud and humbled \" to have been elected . \" I will repay GMB members' faith in me by leading a 21st Century union that fights for our members , their families and communities , every hour of every day . \" Mr also paid tribute to Mr for his work \" that has made GMB the envy of the union movement \" . Details of the handover date have yet to be agreed . The GMB is one of the three largest affiliates to the Labour Party and is a significant financial contributor to the party locally and nationally .", "The club , which is owned by its fans via the Exeter City Supporters Trust , declared a total profit of \u00a3 1.642m for 2014-15 , mainly due to the sale of midfielder to Swansea City . The deal in January 2015 for \u00a3 1.75m , was a record sale for the club . The profits came in the same year that the club were forced to get an emergency loan to pay players' wages . In June 2014 cashflow problems meant the Professional Footballers' Association stepped in to pay the players and forced Exeter into a transfer embargo which was only lifted in August of that year . The club 's accounts also show that Exeter had a surplus of shareholders' funds of \u00a3 761,000 , compared to a deficit of \u00a3 880,000 the previous year and reduced their cost base by almost 5 % . Exeter are hoping to redevelop St James Park after being given planning permission last month . \" The board have agreed in broad terms how the income from the transfer should be spent to improve the infrastructure strength of the club in line with its vision and underlying model and these plans are now being developed in detail for further presentation ,\" said a club statement .", "The United Arab Emirates thrower was training at Newham Leisure Centre for the World Para-athletics Championships in London . , vice president of the UAE International Paralympic Committee , confirmed \" the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete 's head \" . , 36 , was pronounced dead at the scene at 17:20 BST on Tuesday . The Health and Safety Executive and police are investigating the incident , which was witnessed by some of 's team-mates and UAE staff . \" I can say the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete 's head - but how that happened , we can not say ,\" said on Wednesday . Media playback is not supported on this device The IPC said two of the athlete 's personal coaches were present but were not involved . , a father of five , was preparing to compete in the F34 class at the Championships . \" He was ambitious , he wanted to win medals for his country and for his family . He had a lot of dreams within the para-sports movement , \" said , adding that the UAE team will still compete in London . \" The athletes were very close to , they trained in the same centre in the UAE . It 's really very difficult for all of us but we promised ourselves that we are going to continue and we are going to win something for , bringing the best performance from the athletes . \" We are working with the athletes to get them in a better situation , obviously today will be better than yesterday , tomorrow we believe will be even better for them . \" The Metropolitan Police said emergency services \" were called shortly after 17:00hrs on Tuesday ... to reports of a seriously injured man at Newham Leisure Centre \" . It added : \" At this early stage , it is believed the man was struck by a metal pole which formed part of training facilities at the centre . \" IPC president Sir said : \" We are all truly devastated by this tragic news and the passing of . \" made his Paralympic debut at Rio 2016 , finishing sixth in the javelin F34 and seventh in shot put F34 . London 2017 , which starts on Friday , was to be Hayayei 's second World Championships . At the 2015 event in Doha , Qatar , he finished fifth in the discus F34 and eighth in shot put F34 . He was set to compete in the shot put , discus and javelin F34 events . A moment of silence will be held in honour of during Friday 's opening ceremony at London Stadium .", "The end of last year saw growth across several sectors of the economy , but there are concerns about rising prices , skill shortages and falling sales . Manufacturers reported their highest growth in new orders for nearly three years , with export demand still strong . In retail , there was also a return to optimism - though only just , and despite profitability being squeezed . In tourism , firms reported improving visitor numbers in the final quarter of the year , but falling sales revenues . Responses to the survey , carried out for the Chambers of Commerce by Strathclyde University economists at the Fraser of Allander Institute , were more positive than the economic figures published on Wednesday . The Labour Force Survey and the Gross Domestic Product figures showed weakness in the Scottish economy , while covering an earlier part of 2016 than the Chambers' survey . While the GDP assessment from the Scottish government has seen a sharp contraction in the past year , the Chambers found a more positive picture , with growth in private commercial contracts . However , there are warning signals survey , with tourism companies having difficulties in finding skilled recruits . Retail firms flagged up rising prices . Construction is expecting an investment dip . The weakest of the five sectors covered was finance and business services . More firms in that large part of the economy saw employment fall than saw it rise . But on balance , firms say sales revenue is expected to increase . , chairman of the Scottish Chambers of Commerce economic advisory group , said : \" Our latest economic data shows that many Scottish businesses will have a successful 2017 , with business optimism remaining positive for many sectors . \" This is good news for the economy , particularly as we continue to deal with international uncertainty and domestic issues including a rating revaluation and a potential divergence of Income Tax between Scotland and the rest of the UK . \" The overall business mood remains positive but firms expect business growth to be challenged by rising prices , tightening of cash flow and profitability , higher import costs impacted by exchange rates and a likely increase of inflation as the year goes on . \" On the converse side , exporters are continuing to report a healthy growth in trade , though perhaps not quite matching up to their initial expectations . \" Optimism could hardly be more finely balanced and anything that rocks the boat could change the glass from half full to half empty . \" Business success in 2017 will largely depend upon the ability of firms to manage costs and for consumer demand to remain strong in the face of pressures to real incomes . \"", "Wellington monument on the Blackdown Hills , in Somerset , was built in 1817 but since 2005 it has been fenced off because of falling stone debris . The National Trust is using ground-penetrating radar on the 174ft ( 53m ) tower to see under its stone cladding . , from the trust , said the work was \" crucial \" . Built on one of the highest points of the Blackdown Hills , the landmark was put up as a tribute to the Duke of Wellington 's military achievements at the Battle of Waterloo . But according to the trust , it has been struck by lightning twice in its history and renovating the very tall landmark every 10 to 15 years has been \" expensive and unsustainable \" . Mr , the trust 's building surveyor , said the radar study was one of several being carried out to \" understand this unique and somewhat complex monument \" . \" We have been using wind and movement sensors which have already surprised us by showing that it does n't flex in the wind quite as much as we expected ,\" he said . \" The ground-penetrating radar seeks to identify voids and gaps in the stonework under the surface but should also tell us more about the materials which were used to build the obelisk . \" Data from the detailed survey will also be used to build a computer model of the obelisk and help with a \" more effective repair approach \" .", "The world 's biggest clothing retailer posted net earnings of \u20ac 1.26bn (\u00a3 1.1bn ) in the six months to 31 July - up 8 % on the same period last year . Sales jumped from \u20ac 9.4bn to \u20ac 10.5bn , an increase of 11 % . The group 's clothes can now be bought online in around 40 countries , it said . Inditex operates eight brands in 90 countries including Pull & Bear , Massimo Dutti and Bershka . How Zara 's founder became the richest man in the world - for two days Chairman and chief executive emphasised the firm 's investment in technology , saying the firm had expanded its online stores to 11 new countries in the period . It also launched mobile phone payment in all its Spanish stores , with the objective of \" extending the service to other countries \" . This will encompass online apps for all of its brands and a specific app for the whole group called InWallet . Mr Isla said : \" Both our online and bricks-and-mortar stores are seamlessly connected , driven by platforms such as mobile payment , and other technological initiatives that we will continue to develop . \" , an analyst at Liberum , said the firm 's \" online drive \" was important . \" I expect over the years they may find they do n't have to open as many stores to maintain their strong growth rate as the online channel will become increasingly important ,\" he said . \" And while Zara is available in many of the territories in which they operate [ online ] , most of their other brands are n't readily available outside Europe online . \" So there is a big opportunity there for them to expand online into new territories . \" The company also said it had benefited from steady economic growth in Spain , where Inditex gets about a fifth of its sales . That country 's clothing market grew at an average of 3 % in the three-months to the end of July , according to the Spanish statistics agency . All of the group 's brands increased their international presence during the period , with 83 new stores opened in 38 countries . In a call with analysts , it said it would open 6-8 % of new store space over course of the year . The firm 's strong performance sets it apart from European rivals H & M and Next , which have blamed unseasonal weather for below-forecast results this year .", "It comes as a documentary , The Betrayed Girls is being shown on BBC One about nine Asian men jailed for grooming teenage girls in the town in 2012 . , who was abused by the gang from the age of 13 until she was 17 , said the targeting of girls by Asian men was still going on in Greater Manchester . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said it was \" committed \" to tackling abusers . , whose identity is protected as a victim of a sex crime , told BBC Two 's Victoria Derbyshire show said she was walking in Oldham town centre through an Asian community a couple of months ago . \" I was still getting cars pulling over to me asking me if I wanted to go for a drink ,\" said . \" It 's not bothering them . I do n't actually think they understand that they are doing something wrong . \" the north west 's former chief crown prosecutor who brought the case against the Rochdale gang said five years on some victims nationally are still not being listened to . Mr overturned a decision not to charge nine men who ran the child sex exploitation ring . He said there have been \" significant rises \" in investigations and prosecutions into the crime and victims were more confident in reporting abuse and they are getting better support . However , he said : \" Victim support groups nationally are still telling me victims are not being consistently listened to and told the case is too difficult to bring [ to court ].\" He also said some victims of historical child sex exploitation were being told that police were focusing on current cases , too . Mr said agencies must be more proactive and more \" collaborative working \" was needed between the police , councils and other agencies and voluntary groups . GMP said it was \" vital \" they learnt the lessons from the past and it was \" absolutely committed \" to working with partners across Greater Manchester to tackle the sexual exploitation of children and young people . \" We have been working tirelessly for many years to prevent this abhorrent crime from happening and provide support to victims and their families . \" Rochdale Council said public services \" collectively failed \" the victims but lessons have \" been learnt from it \" . , chief executive of Rochdale Borough Council , said : \" Since 2012 the council and its partners have worked to make the changes needed , to increase knowledge , prevent harm , challenge those who wish to exploit children and better support victims and survivors . \" The documentary which features testimonies from victims for the first time follows a BBC One drama Three Girls . Source : Greater Manchester Police", "Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock in the Victoria Centre store at about 22:40 BST on Tuesday . Managers had hoped for a weekend reopening but it is now closed \" until further notice \" . Staff have been helping with the clean-up operation . Water poured through from a rooftop room , leaving the top floor under three inches of water and stock \" significantly \" damaged . A spokeswoman said : \" Our teams are working around the clock to get the shop open as quickly as possible and we 're sorry for the inconvenience this has caused to our customers . \"", "Attendances have fallen in recent years since the Premiership side moved from Edgeley Park in Stockport to AJ Bell Stadium in Barton in 2012 . Sale have moved home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season . \" I think there is some rebuilding to do because I think people in the early days of moving have had a pretty poor experience ,\" told BBC Sport . \" That could be queuing up on a motorway , could n't get away from the stadium , could n't buy a drink at the ground . Listening to the things we 're going to do to change that , if people come down from now they will find a very different experience . \" The infrastructure is still well away from where it needs to be but there are plans to develop that . \" , 69 , a former England and British and Irish Lions prop returned to Sale - a club he served as both a player and director - after 's takeover of the Premiership side in June . He has promised to be active in his role , despite his commitments with his clothing business . \" What I really want to see is a very strong north of England club that can compete at the highest level ,\" he added . \" That is my motivation for giving up the precious thing that I have got , and that is my time . \" I think what was lacking before was that the board were n't very often represented at games home and away , and I think that is very wrong - board members will travel to away games and home games . \" One of the standout announcements from Sale 's new 10-man board was that director of rugby will have a seat on it . However , insists there will be no conflict of interest with a member of the coaching staff also working as a director . \" It will put no strain whatsoever on the relationship , we 're here to support him ,\" continued . \" We 'll be working very closely with to make sure we can achieve the ambition which we all hold - if we went down we 'd still be with them . \" Diamond also confirmed they are close to signing a new full-back and are still looking for another player to add to their backline , with former Bath and London Welsh winger on trial with the club .", "The film about a princess 's mythical journey in ancient Polynesia took an estimated $ 81.1m (\u00a3 65.3m ) on its debut . That makes it the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time , behind Disney 's Frozen , which took $ 93.6m (\u00a3 75.3m ) on its release in 2013 . Some observers have said that Moana and its merchandise are appropriating Pacific Island culture . Disney withdrew a children 's costume promoting the film after activists branded it \" brownface \" , or mocking of their culture by stereotyping . The costume , a full-body suit with brown skin , traditional tattoos , grass skirt and bone necklace , represented the character Maui , considered a demi-god and ancestor by many Polynesians . Disney said it regretted any offence . 's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them fell to second on the US chart , taking $ 65.8m (\u00a3 53m ) . Gossip surrounding 's marriage break-up failed to spark a huge amount of interest in his World War Two romance Allied , which also stars . It took $ 18m (\u00a3 14.4m ) over the long weekend , having cost $ 85m (\u00a3 68.5m ) to make , landing in fourth spot behind . , Paramount 's head of domestic distribution , said the film appealed to \" older audiences \" but noted those \" do n't storm the theatres [ on ] weekend one \" . \" I think they 're going to take their time ,\" he added . fared worse - his first film in 15 years , the 1950s Hollywood comedy Rules Do n't Apply , took just $ 2.2m (\u00a3 1.7m ) . The film is Beatty 's first directed feature since 1998 's Bulworth . Bad Santa 2 , released 13 years after the original and again starring , did a little better , taking $ 9m (\u00a3 7.3m ) . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The third seed , who received a bye in the first round , beat the American wildcard 6-3 6-1 in just over an hour . , the world number 18 , hit 11 aces on her way to a comfortable victory . The 25-year-old will play China 's , who beat in her second-round match , in the last eight on Friday .", "It happened on the Linn Road in the town at about 14:05 BST on Sunday . The two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries . Police have appealed for anyone with information about the attack to contact them .", ", who won the World Championship in 2015 , reached the semi-finals of the 2016 event before being knocked out by eventual winner . The 39-year-old told BBC Essex he would play in this year 's tournament if his wife gives birth before his first-round game against on Monday . \" The only question I 'd ask myself is if she actually went on the day ,\" he said . \" Obviously it could happen and even now I still have n't got an answer to that question . I 'd have to talk it over with my wife and see where we go . \" , the current world number two , said his wife has been supportive in wanting him to play at the tournament , which gets under way on Sunday . He continued : \" She 's had two previous babies and she 's been in labour for 10 hours , so obviously if that 's the case then I 've got a bit of time to ' pot some balls and hurry up ' sort of thing . \" As I say , we need to talk the next day or two because we thought it 'd be out by now . \" But being the stubborn Little Miss Bingham it 's going to be , I think she 's a bit too comfortable in my missus' belly . \"", "The cabinet considered an urgent report on Tuesday and voted to remove the section from the pavilion to the seaward end . The report said because of the risk of further collapse , the council could not wait for consent to begin work , as is usually the case for a listed building . Work on the \" dangerous \" structure is expected to take about three weeks . Parts of the Grade ll pier , which was already closed to the public when it gave way on 1 February , will be saved , catalogued and stored . , chief executive of the council , told the meeting : \" The dangerous nature of the structure means dismantling it is dangerous . \" Up to \u00c2 \u00a3 650,000 has been set aside for the work but councillors were told there was no way of knowing how much it would cost .", "The \u00c2 \u00a3 21.5m Castle Mill development at Port Meadow , by the River Thames , has been widely criticised as ugly and spoiling the view of Oxford 's skyline . The Campaign to Protect Rural England ( CPRE ) will put its case to a High Court judge on 23 October . The five-storey university blocks provide 439 accommodation units . The flats overlook a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Scheduled Ancient Monument . CPRE is seeking the judicial review on the basis of Oxford City Council not carrying out an environmental impact assessment . The council has said the challenge was late as the housing had already been built , and it believed the group 's claims were unfounded . , director of CPRE Oxfordshire , said the West Area Planning Committee \" should under no circumstances be rushed into making further poor decisions \" . \" We are not yet convinced that the planning condition on contamination has been met ,\" she added . \" And the mitigation proposals currently suggested by the university are woefully inadequate to counteract the devastating impact of the buildings on Port Meadow and Oxford 's historic skyline . \" A few trees growing to approximately half the height of the buildings in 15 years' time will not meet the brief of ' hiding the buildings in summer and softening their impact in winter ' \" Key issues such as the height of the buildings and light pollution still need to be addressed . \" A University of Oxford spokesman said it had \" thought carefully \" about how best to mitigate the impact of the buildings . \" Some measures have already been put in place , and discussions with the city council and others are ongoing about what more we can do ,\" he added . \" The University will be making representations at the interim hearing in October on the procedural issues raised by the challenge . \" In the meantime , we intend to finish and occupy the buildings by the start of the next academic year in October as planned . \" The city council said last month it was carrying out an independent review into the case . An online petition against the development on has attracted more than 3,000 signatures .", "On Thursday , a human skull was found alongside the M54 slip road by workers doing a survey of the junction four roundabout , near Telford . Police confirmed the skull was that of an adult male and had been there for at least two years . West Mercia Police said \" further skeletal remains \" were found close to the skull . The eastbound entry slip road remains partially closed . Det Chief Insp said : \" We are in the very early stages of this investigation and inquiries are ongoing . \" He said further forensic examinations and excavations were being carried out and police had been in contact with neighbouring forces asking for information about people who had been reported missing . Archaeological experts may be called in to help with the investigation . \" This will be a lengthy process but we will continue to update the public in due course ,\" he added .", "Media playback is not supported on this device , 23 , was awarded a unanimous points victory - two judges scoring the fight 30-27 , and one 29-28 . , 24 , is the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia . The United States' , 20 , and 19-year-old Cuban world champion took bronze after losing in the semi-finals . Find out how to get into boxing with our special guide . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "The University and College Union says the 1.1 % rise offered by the universities is \" an insult \" . But the Universities and Colleges Employers Association said the walkout was \" disappointing given the very good pay offer \" . Unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer , with strike action possible in the autumn . UCU says its members have suffered a real-terms pay cut of 14. % since 2009 and complains the squeeze on staff salaries has come as university leaders enjoyed hefty increases . \" A 1.1 % pay offer is an insult to hardworking staff , especially in light of the 5 % pay rise vice-chancellors have enjoyed while holding down staff pay ,\" said general secretary . \" Industrial action which impacts on students is never taken lightly , but members feel that they have been left with no alternative . \" If the employers wish to see a swift end to this dispute , and avoid further disruption , they need to come back to the table with a much-improved offer . \" Summer exams are still running at some universities , though many have finished . A spokesman for the employers anticipated only \" minor impact and minimal student disruption \" . \" Even for examinations which are still taking place at some higher education institutions , more than nine out of 10 report that a no to low impact is anticipated ,\" said the spokesman . \" We would like to see the UCU consulting its members on the final offer . \" The employers say the offer is \" at , and , for some , beyond , a limit of affordability for higher education institutions and the very best offer that will be available this year \" . They maintain the weighting of the offer means the worst paid university staff will get a rise of more than 5 % . They say they have also offered talks on zero-hours contracts and on improving lower pay for female academics . But UCU says it rejected the 1.1 % offer as it was only a marginal improvement on the original 1 % on which it had balloted members . Ballots of university support staff represented by Unison and Unite are also under way on the improved offer , with both unions recommending it be rejected . Any action would take place during the autumn term , said a Unison spokeswoman . UCU is planning strike rallies in : Staff are also working to contract from Wednesday - refusing to set extra work , cover for absent colleagues or work overtime .", "The man known as , or ' King ' by some fans , will stay with the second division side past his 49th birthday . first played for Brazilian side Santos in 1986 , so his deal will see his career span over 30 years . \" I 'm thankful to the club staff and supporters who always offer me support ,\" said , who scored 55 goals in 89 appearances for Japan . \" I 'll continue to give everything I have and strive ,\" added the former Genoa and Dinamo Zagreb striker . Perhaps unsurprisingly , holds the record as the oldest scorer in Japanese football - a winner in a second division match four months after his 48th birthday . He was particularly prolific in guiding Japan to the 1998 World Cup , scoring 14 goals in qualifying , and last played for the national side in 2000 . His career , which started when he moved to Brazil to play youth football aged 15 , is one of the longest in football history . Last week ex-England striker registered himself as a player for Stevenage - where he is manager - at the age of 49 but opted out of playing in a local cup competition .", "The security forces are reported to have used tear gas against stone-throwing protesters . They also surrounded the hometown of , 22 , who was killed fighting Indian troops last year . Separately seven people are reported to have been killed in shelling across the Line of Control that divides Indian and Pakistani-administered Kashmir . Officials on the Pakistani side told Reuters that five people died in Indian shelling , while Indian officials say two people were killed by Pakistani fire . There has been an armed revolt in the Muslim-majority region against rule by India since 1989 , although violence has waned in recent years . The disputed region is claimed by both India and Pakistan in its entirety . India blames Pakistan for fuelling the unrest , a claim denied by Islamabad . is credited with reviving the image of militancy in Muslim-majority Indian-administered Kashmir , becoming a figurehead for young people . Saturday 's violence started as people tried to walk to his home in Tral - where he died in a shootout with the army last July . His death led to a wave of protests during which dozens of people were killed . The Indian authorities imposed heavy restrictions in the Kashmir valley for the anniversary , stopping internet access and sealing off Tral . There have also been reports of army personnel being injured in a militant attack overnight on Friday .", "The 33-year-old , who is the younger brother of Harlequins number eight , joined Sale in 2011 after six years at Northampton . Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final at Saints after joining from Nottingham . \" I 've enjoyed my time at Sale , I did n't really want to go anywhere else ,\" said the back-row forward . \" It was the right time to leave on my own terms , which not many people do . \" I 've had the chance for these last few games just to enjoy and savour them and I 've been really lucky . \" He will now take up his teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire after the final game of the season at Newcastle on Saturday . \" The last few years , I 've been tailoring my career towards teaching , so taking a few courses , getting into schools , teaching and coaching ,\" he added . \" The opportunity just came up at the right time . It felt like the right time for me and my family . \"", "Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital , Denbighshire , was closed more than three years ago and a report found some patients were treated like animals . It has emerged that at least seven patients' families were told treatment may have contributed to their deaths . Betsi Cadwaladr health board said an investigation was under way . It acknowledged the quality of care provided could have been a contributory factor to the deaths of some patients . A review of mortality rates on the ward has never been published although it is understood it has been completed . Relatives of one patient told BBC Wales Today they were told medical care on the ward was inadequate . Correspondence seen by the programme included an apology from the health board to the family , who do not want to be identified . One letter said : \" Experts found that there were problems in the health care which may have contributed to the death . \" It added that \" the board is very much engaged in a thorough search for the truth about the Tawel Fan ward \" . But the family were unconvinced lessons had been learned and said questions remained unanswered and , as far as they were aware , nobody had lost their job , let alone be prosecuted . The scandal of pushed the already troubled health board into close supervision by the Welsh Government . It remains in special measures which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 5m a year . An initial report into what happened at Tawel Fan was published almost three years ago . Two more reports are due later this year . One of them , being compiled by the Health and Social Care Advisory Service ( Hascas ) , is expected to include details of a mortality review of Tawel Fan patients . But , who leads the patient watchdog Community Health Council in north Wales , said it should be released as soon as possible . \" It may stop this practice elsewhere ,\" he added . A Betsi Cadwaladr health board spokesman said : \" We acknowledge that the quality of care provided could have been a contributory factor to the death of some patients . \" Whether this is the case will be established as part of the independent Hascas investigation , which is currently being carried out . \" In order to establish whether or not the quality of care contributed to any patients' death , every aspect of every patient 's care has to be investigated . \" This is a complicated and time consuming process , but must be carried out in order to determine whether or not the care provided was a contributory factor to any patients' death . \" Every family involved in the investigation will receive an individual report detailing the care provided to their relative . These reports will also help inform the findings of the Tawel Fan investigation . \"", "from Roe Park Court committed the ' single punch ' assaults on Market Street in Limavady on 2 October 2014 . CCTV footage showed his first victim being knocked unconscious . A second man suffered a double jaw fracture . appeared at Londonderry Crown Court on Thursday . He was sentenced to 14 months in prison . The court heard that the defendant had 51 previous convictions including eight assaults . He had also been assessed as presenting a high likelihood of reoffending . The judge told he had inflicted \" gratuitous violence \" on two \" completely innocent \" members of the public . The second man was punched and knocked out when he came across the first victim lying unconscious on Market Street . Both men later regained consciousness in hospital .", "\" Hope made a poor decision that has resulted in a negative impact on US Soccer and her team-mates ,\" head coach said . , 33 , will now miss matches on 8 February against France and 13 February against England . This month , domestic violence charges against were dropped . In 2012 , , tested positive for a banned substance a month before winning a second Olympic gold medal . She maintained she was not aware the pre-menstrual medication she had been prescribed contained a banned substance and she was cleared of any wrongdoing . The US are preparing for the Women 's World Cup in Canada in June when they will aim to win their third title following victories in 1991 and 1999 . The latest incident surrounding concerns a training camp being held by the team in Carson , California . 's husband , former Seattle Seahawks NFL player , was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in Los Angeles in the early hours of Monday morning . Media reports claimed was in the car but she was not cited in the incident by Manhattan Beach police officials . tweeted : \" I think it 's best for me to take a break , decompress from the stress of the last several months and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute to the team . \"", ", 31 , had worked at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years before he was arrested . , and joined in admitting the same charge , between 1 October and 4 December last year , at Nottingham Crown Court . They are due to be sentenced on 15 April . Updates on this story and more from Nottinghamshire The court heard the case involved the recovery of 1kg ( 2.2lb ) of cocaine . , a partner at the Johnson firm , confirmed they did not represent - who had set up his own office and was set to leave the company . \" I still find it hard to believe he could do something as stupid as involve himself in drugs and people who were heavily involved in drugs ,\" Mr said . \" I 'm just at a loss . You do question everything you 've ever believed about anybody . \" Mr also described , of William Street , Huddersfield , as a \" lovely guy \" who was \" incredibly hard-working \" . \" He would put in hour after hour ,\" he added . \" He was keen to progress and impress . \" appeared at the court via video link to admit conspiracy to supply the Class A drug . , of no fixed address , , of Joyce Avenue , Nottingham , and , of Chard Street , Nottingham , were remanded in custody following the hearing .", "UKSE is the Tata Steel subsidiary set up to assist growing companies in traditional steel areas . ID Systems works in the industrial and commercial utilities sector from its offices in Grangemouth and Glasgow . Its clients include Scottish Water , Forestry Commission and National Grid . The company , which already employs 80 staff , is looking to create the new jobs in the Glasgow and Lanarkshire areas as part of an expansion drive. . The move comes after ID Systems secured a number of long-term projects , including off-site manufacturing of wastewater pumping stations and water booster sets . The loan and equity backing from UKSE will help fund ID System 's growth strategy . A new senior management team will be created which , along with UKSE , will have a shareholding in the company . ID Systems finance director said : \" We had a tremendous opportunity to more than double the workforce with the recent contract win and this funding from UKSE will allow us to make that happen as smoothly as possible . \" UKSE regional executive said : \" This long-standing , growing business will now have the structure to continue expansion along with the necessary funding from UKSE to allow this to happen . \"", "The 70-year-old Time Team presenter joined anti-tunnel campaigners to fight the plans , saying they placed the area 's wider archaeology at risk . The protest by the Stonehenge Alliance was staged outside a consultation event in London earlier . Highways England said it was working to find \" the best solution possible \" . The public consultation on its plans for putting the A303 into a 1.8-mile ( 2.9km ) dual carriageway tunnel runs until 5 March . Highways England says the move would cut congestion and improve journey times . The scheme has the backing of English Heritage and the National Trust . Speaking outside the Society of Antiquaries at Burlington House , suggested a longer tunnel . He said : \" I think the proposal we are being offered is a really old-fashioned one . \" It assumes what needs to be protected is that little clump of stones . \" He said it was only over the past three decades archaeologists had begun to comprehend the wider significance of the site . \" That 's a high-class Wiltshire Disneyland experience ,\" he said . \" Once it 's gone , we 'll never get that back . \" If you were going to protect Buckingham Palace , you would n't put a tunnel in halfway down the Mall . \" The Stonehenge Alliance wants other options to reduce traffic to be fully explored . Spokeswoman Dr said : \" We want a genuine consultation with real choice . \" Both of Highways England 's options involve huge and damaging new roadworks gouged into our most important ancient landscape . \" A spokesman for Highways England said : \" We fully understand the cultural heritage of the site and one of the broad objectives of the scheme is to help conserve and enhance the World Heritage Site by removing the sight and sound of traffic and make it easier to reach and explore . \"", "The 35-year-old joined the Iron from Blackpool in 2013 and has made 119 league appearances for the League One side . He helped them to a third-placed finish this season , before they were beaten by Millwall in the play-off semi-finals . told the club website : \" With the way the season finished , it 's a sense of unfinished business and it was disappointing for all of us . \"", ", 33 , of Meadvale Road , Croydon , was charged on Saturday with the murder of his 29-year-old partner , , of the same address . A special post-mortem examination on 24 March gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest . 's next of kin have been informed . Mr is due to appear at Bromley Magistrates' Court on 4 April .", "French President expressed \" deep sadness \" at the death of in a statement . Most of the dead in the raid were foreign tourists . Two of the attackers were killed by security forces . A huge march against terrorism is planned for Sunday that will finish outside the Bardo museum . President is among those expected at the event in the capital Tunis . : Tunisia 's test of transition Cradle of ' Arab Spring ' under threat The museum 's planned reopening earlier this week was postponed over security concerns . Schoolchildren and students were allowed in on Friday , with the general public to be readmitted Monday . The attack , claimed by Islamic State ( IS ) , was the deadliest in Tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of long-serving ruler in 2011 . Over 20 people have been arrested in connection with the attack , although just two gunmen are thought to have carried out the raid . They are said to have been trained in Libya in an area controlled by IS . The Tunisian Prime Minister , , has admitted \" shortcomings \" in the country 's security system and has dismissed six police chiefs over the attack .", "The imagery , released by US geopolitical intelligence company Stratfor and taken on 31 October , shows how almost all the buildings at the airport , on the southern outskirts of Mosul , have been razed . Runways have also been damaged , with wide trenches carved into them and rubble placed along their lengths , Stratfor 's analysis says . Taxiways and aprons - where aircraft park - have also been sabotaged . About 50,000 Iraqi security forces , Kurdish Peshmerga fighters , Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia militiamen , assisted by US-led coalition airstrikes , are currently involved in a military offensive to reclaim Mosul from IS militants . Government forces have already retaken dozens of villages and towns surrounding the city and are currently consolidating gains made in Mosul 's eastern outskirts . The damage to the runways has rendered the airport worthless as an asset for attacking forces , says Stratfor . Airports or runways are typically a primary objective for assaults on cities , since control over them can deny or enable logistical capabilities , having a considerable impact on the outcome of battles . However , IS militants have ensured there is little left for approaching forces to gain by taking the site , Stratfor says . IS employed a similar tactic at Qayyarah air base , 70km ( 43 miles ) south of Mosul . However , the trenches dug there only partially covered the main runway , Stratfor says , and it was restored to service within months of the Iraqi forces recapturing the base in July . By comparison , Mosul airport 's destruction could be much more difficult to repair . Mirroring the demolition at Qayyarah , IS fighters have also levelled almost every structure at Mosul airport . Stratfor says that as well as preventing Iraqi forces and their allies from using the facilities , the tactic also serves to clear the line of sight for IS defensive positions on the northern edge of the airport . Along with restoring the runways , Iraqi forces would need to rebuild hangars , warehouses and other infrastructure in order to use it as a logistical base . In contrast to the widespread destruction elsewhere in the area , the images show how the city 's sugar factory remains relatively intact - testimony to its utility to IS . After the jihadists captured Mosul in June 2014 , they continued to operate the factory , says Stratfor , and more than a year later , executed the plant 's manager when she refused to run it for them . However , the images also show how coalition airstrikes , aimed at destroying key IS positions and assets , have caused some damage to the buildings . Satellite imagery released last week , showed how IS had constructed multiple barricades across key routes into the northern Iraqi city .", "An overrunning engineering project shut the line between Reading and London Paddington at the end of last year . Major work , including extensive signalling improvements , is being carried out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday . Network Rail said it had \" hundreds of buses \" ready in case it overruns . , from Network Rail , said the disruption was needed to allow for the last major stage of work on the Reading station redevelopment to be completed . He added : \" This is a very big project , dealing with one of the biggest bottlenecks anywhere in the country . \" I ca n't say there 's absolutely no danger [ of an overrun at Easter ] , but we have done everything in our power to get it finished in good time . There are hundreds of buses waiting if that happens . \" On 27 December , King 's Cross station was shut and Paddington was closed for part of the day after engineering works took longer than expected . A number of projects will take place over the Easter break , including a closure of the line between Hayes & Harlington in West London and Didcot Parkway in Oxfordshire while further work is carried out on the Crossrail project .", "Plans were approved for Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to drill in a field at St Nicholas . The permit does not allow the company to carry out fracking - hydraulic fracturing of the land - to extract any oil or gas . Fracking is subject to a temporary ban in Wales until decision-making powers on the practice are devolved . Natural Resources Wales said it had carried out a \" thorough assessment \" of the company 's plans before approving them , with all work including reinstatement of the land to be completed within 12 months . \" It 's important that any activity of this kind does n't harm the environment , and this permit makes it clear what Coastal Oil and Gas Limited will need to do to comply with this ,\" a spokesman said . \" Once the work begins , our officers will regulate and monitor the site to ensure it complies with the conditions of the permit , to protect people and the environment . \" The permit for exploratory drilling comes despite a moratorium on fracking in Wales pending devolution of responsibility for such decisions . In August , the UK government urged councils in England to speed up the process of approval for fracking projects . However , Natural Resources Minister said fracking technology was \" unproven \" , and that Welsh Labour ministers preferred to look at renewable energy .", "Transactions carried out in European markets were previously recorded in Luxembourg , with which Amazon had a low-tax agreement . Now sales made through subsidiaries in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy will be registered in those countries , the retailer has said . Amazon had received heavy criticism for its tax avoidance policies . \" More than two years ago , we began the process of establishing local country branches of Amazon EU Sarl , our primary retail operating company in Europe ,\" the company said in a statement . \" As of 1 May , Amazon EU Sarl is recording retail sales made to customers through these branches in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy . \" Previously , these retail sales were recorded in Luxembourg . \" Amazon added that it was \" working on opening a branch for France \" . In recent years , the European Union has intensified its investigations into the tax deals negotiated by global companies with countries such as Ireland , Luxembourg and the Netherlands . It suspects that such deals amount to illegal state aid and distort competition . Last year , the European Commission - the EU 's executive arm - launched a formal investigation into Amazon 's tax arrangements with Luxembourg . And the EU is also looking into tech giant Apple 's tax dealings in Ireland , coffee-shop chain Starbucks' dealings in the Netherlands , and Italian carmaker Fiat 's agreement with Luxembourg .", "Dame said the action by the British Medical Association ( BMA ) would \" lead to patients suffering \" . The strike begins across England at 08:00 GMT , from when junior doctors will only provide emergency care . The BMA said the strikes \" demonstrated the strength of feeling amongst the profession \" . It announced three spells of strike action in England in November , after negotiations with the government ended without resolution . Issues being disputed by the BMA and NHS include weekend pay . \" As a doctor , I can understand the anger and frustration felt by many junior doctors at this time ,\" said . \" In part , this dispute is a symptom of frustration and low morale that has been building for decades and the strain that a career in medicine can place on your work-life balance . \" Junior doctors are the backbone of the NHS , working long and anti-social hours ... It is vital that , as senior medical leaders , we ask ourselves whether we are doing everything we can to ensure our junior colleagues feel valued . \" The planned strikes are set to take place from : Conciliation service Acas has confirmed that talks between the BMA and NHS bosses will continue next week . Junior doctors' leaders are objecting to the prospect of a new contract . The government has described the current arrangements as \" outdated \" and \" unfair \" , pointing out they were introduced in the 1990s . Ministers drew up plans to change the contract in 2012 , but talks broke down last year . The government has indicated it will impose the new contract next year in England . The BMA has responded by initiating the industrial action process . Junior doctors row : What you need to know What exactly do junior doctors do ?", "The 19-year-old will now be eligible to play against Barnsley in the Football League Trophy final on Sunday . , who joined up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter , has so far made 13 appearances for the U 's . \" He has done really well for us and is enjoying his football ,\" said Oxford head coach . \" He is highly thought of at Goodison Park and has a big future . \"", "The money for Kingston Maurward College , near Dorchester , will go towards a \u00a3 3.24m project that includes a new animal sciences building . Weymouth College has also been awarded \u00a3 0.5m towards its \u00a3 1.5m project to refurbish two buildings . The grants form part of a \u00a3 214m investment in 47 colleges in England . Skills Minister said of the Enhanced Renewal Grant that it was to \" ensure \" investment in \" first rate facilities \" . Kingston Maurward principal said she was \" thrilled \" with the grant . She said the animal science building would include aquatic , reptile and mammal rooms , a laboratory and six teaching classrooms . She added : \" This building will help ensure that we continue to deliver high quality teaching and learning to give young people the appropriate skills required to gain employment in animal science-related fields . \" Construction is planned to start this summer and is expected to be completed by mid-summer 2014 . The grants go alongside plans for the government 's new skills strategy to \" support the majority of good and outstanding colleges \" while intervening if colleges are failing .", "has invited 's widow and his daughters , and , to Wembley Stadium on 10 August . The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward died in 2002 . A neurosurgeon said last month that he died from a brain condition linked to boxers rather than 's disease as previously thought . said : \" We want to stress the immediate message in dealing with head injuries and concussions , to discuss the FA 's medical policies on this and work on player education . \"[ The issue ] has to be taken seriously because it 's about lives . \" It 's not like a back or knee injury , because once the brain is damaged it does n't repair itself and is proof of that . \" Ms said Dr , who carried out a new examination of Mr 's brain , would also be at the meeting . 's family have campaigned for the FA to carry out research into the risks of heading footballs and players suffering concussion . The Justice for Jeff group has also held protests at West Brom games . The FA previously apologised to the family for not keeping them informed about its work and said its rules on concussion were due to be changed ahead of the 2014 / 15 season . A spokesman for the FA said Mr \" had been keen to meet the family for a long time \" to hear their concerns . It was initially believed died from 's disease , but the coroner at his inquest ruled his brain had been damaged by heading heavy leather balls . He played for West Bromwich Albion from 1964-1974 scoring 137 goals in 292 league appearances .", "The 18-year-old identical twins have come through the club 's academy to impress in nine Premiership appearances between them this season . Both play in the back row and have also featured for the England Under-20 side . \" They will play key parts in the club 's vision of developing players in the academy , and bringing them through to the first team ,\" Sale director of rugby said . The pair became only the fourth set of twins to play side-by-side in the Premiership when they appeared in Sale 's 34-24 defeat by Wasps on 27 November . is also the Sharks' youngest Premiership try scorer after crossing on his debut in the 31-13 win over Bristol on 30 October .", "The incident happened near Corbett Place and Calais View at about 08:30 on Thursday . Officers are now urging anyone who saw the man to get in touch . He is described as being in his late teens or early 20s with dark , curly , short hair . He is about 5ft 9in and was wearing a dark top .", "The Egypt-backed plan had envisaged a regional forum which analysts say might have forced Israel to reveal whether or not it has nuclear weapons . The proposal was blocked by the US , the UK and Canada . The next review is set for 2020 . Israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons . Speaking after four weeks of negotiations , US Under-Secretary of State accused Egypt and other Arab countries of \" not willing to let go of these unrealistic and unworkable conditions \" for future talks . She also said some participants tried to \" cynically manipulate \" the whole process . But Egypt warned that the failure to reach a deal \" will have consequences in front of the Arab world and public opinion \" , the Associated Press news agency reports . Last month , Egypt had proposed to stage a regional conference - with or without Israel 's participation and without an agreed agenda . Some analysts suggested that this move might have forced Israel - which is not a party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) - to publicly clarify its position on nuclear weapons . Decisions at NPT review conferences - held every five years - are made by consensus . The failure of the current talks means the next gathering could only be held in 2020 at the earliest .", "The UK government has announced measures to speed up development . Natural Resources Minister has written to councils reminding them of the temporary ban on fracking in Wales . He said fracking technology was \" unproven \" , saying Welsh ministers preferred to look at renewable energy . Fracking is a process of using high pressure water to break up rocks deep underground to release gas and pipe it to the surface . It is a major industry in the United States , but there are concerns about safety , the environment and underground water . There have been protests against applications for test drilling for gas in both the Vale of Glamorgan and Wrexham , as well as sites in England . Energy Secretary has stressed the UK government 's support for fracking , and frustration at delays in its development . She has told councils in England to make decisions on applications within 16 weeks , to stop the process being \" dragged out for months \" . In his letter to Welsh councils , Mr said the new guidance only applied to England and that the moratorium in Wales remained in place . \" The UK government 's general support for oil and gas applications is contrary to the approach of the Welsh Government of promoting renewable and low carbon forms of energy through the planning system and other measures ,\" he said . \" We still see renewable energy as a key element in ensuring that Wales achieves sustainable development for the benefit of future generations . \" Local planning authorities must ensure that planning applications for renewable energy projects are determined within statutory timescales . \" Plans to devolve control over fracking were confirmed in the Queen 's Speech in June following the Conservatives' general election victory .", "The exhibition , From Dark to Light , explores the work of artist , who was born in North Shields in 1887 . The largest collection to have been staged since the 1930s , his favourite subjects were the North Sea and the streets and people of his hometown . Curator said there was a lot of affection for him in the town . Many of the pieces on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre in North Shields have never been seen in public before . Mr , said : \" We hope that this exhibition will shed new light on the life and work of a remarkable man and also a much misunderstood artist . \" This is the first major exhibition of his paintings to be held in his hometown of North Shields since the artist 's lifetime and it is being held in a building that he would have known well and often painted . \" 's paintings are a fascinating legacy of life in the North East before and after the Great War , while his own remarkable war record is only now being unravelled . \" Mr joined the Northumberland Fusiliers in 1914 when he was 26-years-old and served on the Western Front at Ypres , Passchendaele , Vimy Ridge and Armentieres . Some of the drawings he produced while on active service have survived and are included in the exhibition . Mr said they were a \" poignant , important and sombre record of the horrors of war \" . After the war , made several return trips to France , Belgium and the Netherlands , producing some of his most impressive works . He died aged 47 in 1936 . From Dark to Light : exploring the life and art of Victor Noble Rainbird is on display at The Old Low Light Heritage Centre from 10 July to 6 September .", ", who managed , now 31 , in his four years as Celtic boss , says the midfielder 's decision would boost 's Scotland squad . \" It is not a surprise because I thought he retired too early ,\" said . \" Sometimes you can make these decisions and then think you have still got plenty to offer . \" 's return to the fold means that on Wednesday he is almost certain to be included in 's squad for the World Cup qualifier against England at Wembley on 11 November . told BBC Scotland : \" I think last season his injuries took a toll on him and we did n't see the best of him but certainly this season he is looking far more like himself again and playing very well , which will be an asset to Scotland . \" I think his presence around the dressing room and training ground and certainly on the pitch will be felt if he is not there . \" He is only 31 and there is plenty more to come from him . I thought his decision was premature anyway . \" does not envisage any issues with returning to the squad for a game he believes Scotland can win . \" I do n't know how it would affect the dynamic of the group but certainly I think it would pep it up ,\" he added . \" It was a poor performance and result in Slovakia and it might just give them the wee jag they need , having a player of that quality back . \" The England game is one I think they can win . It will be a British style of game and there wo n't be anything the Scottish players will be surprised about . \" Scotland assistant manager , meanwhile , looked forward to the team benefiting from 's leadership , saying \" by example and his voice and influence , ( he ) makes other people better \" . added : \" is someone who I would imagine , when England are looking at our squad and our team , would prefer him not to be playing . \" He looks as if he has coped better with combining the European and league campaigns . He feels good about himself and he can do both at this stage . \" I would imagine he has been revitalised by ( , the Celtic manager ) . I think the manager has given him a new lease of life . \" He would have made his [ original ] decision in an honest way . But now he has looked at it and decided it was clearly the wrong decision . \" If the other players feel that gives us a better chance of winning the game , they will be delighted to have him back . \"", "The bird 's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in Bethesda while it was chasing a wood pigeon . RSPCA Inspector , who freed the animal , said : \" The buzzard was feisty , but luckily , had not had much feather damage . \" I released the bird back to the wild where he belongs straight away . \"", "The Communication Workers Union said the walkout would start on Monday 19 December and include Christmas Eve . It will involve thousands of workers from the Crown Post Offices . The Post Office said despite the walkout it would be \" business as usual \" with \" at least \" 97 % of its 11,600 branches not involved . Crown Post Offices are the larger branches that are usually located in High Streets . In April 2016 , the Post Office announced plans to transfer up to 61 branches into WH Smith stores over the following year . It said the move was part of a 10-year plan to cut costs and save cash , and would act as a way of \" safeguarding the future of the network . \" \" Our members want the Post Office management to pause its closure and privatisation programme , hold off on its planned pensions changes , and commit to sitting down with us and with the other key stakeholders of this Great British institution and , together , construct a lasting vision ,\" said CWU assistant secretary . The Post Office said it was \" extremely disappointed \" by the CWU 's action . \" Just today , we agreed with the CWU that we would resume talks , which have been ongoing throughout the summer , on Wednesday ,\" added , the Post Office 's network and sales director .", "More than 60,000 vials , said to contain anabolic steroids , were recovered in an operation by Garda ( Irish police ) , customs and a medicine watchdog . Human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills were also found during Thursday 's raids in Muff and Lifford . A man in his 30s was arrested , but later released without charge . The Health Products Regulatory Authority , the Republic 's medicine watchdog , said evidence of an illegal manufacturing operation had been found . The PSNI had carried out further searches in Northern Ireland , it said .", "He welcomed ( Irish prime minister ) 's comments on a possible referendum on Irish unity . DUP MP said Mr was \" being mischievous \" . The taoiseach said Brexit talks should consider that a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could result in the calling of a referendum . In his remarks to reporters on Monday at the annual MacGill Summer School in Glenties , County Donegal , Mr said the triggering of a border poll required \" clear evidence of a majority of people wishing to leave the UK and join the Republic \" . He added : \" It may be , in the eyes of some , a fanciful theory but who knows what happens in 10 , 20 years time ? \" responded by calling for all parties supporting a united Ireland \" to discuss how best this can be achieved . \" \" In the context of the north being dragged out of the EU by England , there is now a greater opportunity to achieve this ,\" he said . North Antrim MP Mr said Secretary of State and his predecessor , , had both ruled out holding a referendum . \" It 's not going to happen ,\" he said . \" We all know in the next nine months is not going to be taoiseach . So , he 's really just being mischievous. ,\" Mr added . Ulster Unionist MLA described Mr 's comments as \" much ado about nothing \" . She said that , in the wake of the EU referendum , the Stormont executive 's priority should be \" to convince the people of Northern Ireland that they have a plan for the way forward for our economy , our farmers , our voluntary and community groups , our universities and everyone else who depends heavily on EU funding and support . \"", "The Shrimps lost their opening game of the season at newly-promoted Grimsby but then knocked Championship side Rotherham out of the EFL Cup 5-4 and have won three straight league games . \" It 's nice but it is early days ,\" 40-year-old told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" You 're never too high and never too low and I keep saying that . \" He added : \" It 's important everyone keeps their feet on the ground - likewise when you have a sticky spell that everyone keeps check and sticks together . \" , 37 , got the only goal of the game as Morecambe 's 1-0 win at Yeovil on Saturday moved them to the top of the league . \" People say about his age and this and that but if you work with him day in , day out you see how he rubs off on other people ,\" added on . \" His desire , his attitude towards training and his own recovery and own professionalism , he 's a credit to himself and his family . \" A lot of young people should look at him up and down the country because he is that good at what he does . \"", "has also been charged with \" criminal intimidation \" of the 26-year-old woman , reports said . The victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home but said she was taken to a secluded area and raped . Delhi later banned Uber and several other web-based taxi firms for failing to carry out adequate driver checks . Although the driver has not yet given a statement in public , police say he has confessed to the crime . They say he has also been identified by the victim . Rape and the issue of sexual violence against Indian women have been in the spotlight in recent years ever since a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang-raped and murdered in Delhi in December 2012 . The crime prompted global outrage and a tightening of the laws on sexual violence , but correspondents say they have failed to act as a deterrent . Earlier this month , five men were arrested in Calcutta for kidnapping and repeatedly raping a Japanese student . And in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , two policemen were arrested for allegedly abducting and raping a teenager .", ", 22 , and clocked six minutes and 29.63 seconds to finish ahead of Denmark and China . The British duo won the title in the non-Olympic class in France last year . Meanwhile Ireland 's Olympic silver medallist , 22 , won his lightweight single sculls semi-final . The man , who clinched Olympic silver in the lightweight double sculls in Rio with his brother , produced a strong late burst to come from fourth at the halfway stage to win his semi-final in 6:51.71 . Slovenian finished second in 6:52.31 with Germany 's clinching the third qualifying spot for Saturday 's final . The Rotterdam championships features non-Olympic classes . Irish duo and will compete against and in Saturday 's lightweight pairs final after finishing second in their semi-final behind the French boat . The British pair were the fastest qualifiers for final , ahead of the ( 6:30.12 ) and France ( 6:30.56 ) , while the Irish duo next quickest in 6:32.18 . After winning gold in their class at last year 's World Championships in France , and retained the European title in Brandenburg in May .", "The 22-year-old , who has signed a one-year contract , joins defender and striker at the Scottish Championship club . came through Kilmarnock 's youth ranks to make the Premiership side 's first team . But he moved to Kirkcaldy last summer and played 34 times . , 30 , had been at Stark 's Park for three seasons after leaving Airdrieonians and played 17 times as Rovers dropped to League One . The 29-year-old joined Rovers at the same time , from Derry City , and scored five times in 36 appearances last season .", "Doors to the event at Glasgow Green will open at 14:00 . TRNSMT is being held on what was traditionally the weekend of the T in the Park festival , which is not taking place this year . Other bands appearing over the weekend include include Kasabian , Biffy Clyro and The Kooks . The acts will play across three stages at Scotland 's newest music festival , with highlights being broadcast every evening on a BBC Scotland programme presented by . Radiohead will headline the opening night , with headlining on Saturday and Biffy Clyro closing the festival on Sunday . Organisers DF Concerts announced TRNSMT in January , two months after saying it was suspending T in the Park to \" take stock \" of a challenging two years since the festival moved to Strathallan from Balado . The promoter said \" continued restrictions \" had had a \" negative impact \" on festival-goers . T in the Park 's first year at Strathallan in 2015 was plagued by traffic problems . Two teenagers died at the 2016 festival in separate incidents , while witnesses reported fights and illicit drug use in the campsite area . Police Scotland said on Wednesday that security would be tight at TRNSMT following the recent terror attacks in Manchester and London , with armed police patrolling near the venue and bag searchers being carried out on festival-goers . Officers also warned there would be a zero-tolerance approach to drug-taking and anyone found with illegal substances would be arrested . Flares , smoke devices and other pyrotechnics are banned from the festival area and anyone who is drunk will not be allowed entry .", "The reactor at Yongbyon has been the source of plutonium for North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme . The White House said North Korea should \" focus instead on fulfilling its international obligations \" . The reactor was shut down in 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal . But Pyongyang vowed to restart it in 2013 , following its third nuclear test and amid high regional tensions . White House spokesman said the international community would not accept North Korea as a nuclear state . \" We will work with our partners in the context of the six-party talks to try to return North Korea to a posture of fulfilling those commitments that they have made ,\" he said . \" We will repeat our call that North Korea should refrain from the irresponsible provocations that aggravate regional tension and should focus instead on fulfilling its international obligations and commitments . \" Six-nation talks involving South Korea , the US , China , Japan and Russia aimed at ending the North 's nuclear programme have been stalled since 2009 . Experts believe that , when fully operational , the Yongbyon reactor can make one nuclear bomb 's worth of plutonium per year . A US think-tank said this year that satellite images suggested work had started at the Yongbyon complex . But Tuesday 's announcement was the first official confirmation from North Korea that it had restarted operations there . The state-run news agency KCNA said North Korea was improving its nuclear weapons \" in quality and quantity \" . It said that the North was ready to face US hostility with \" nuclear weapons any time \" . However , experts say North Korea 's nuclear capabilities are unclear . Pyongyang claims it has made a device small enough to fit a nuclear warhead on to a missile , which it could launch at its enemies . But US officials have cast doubt on the claim . North Korea has made bellicose threats against its neighbours and the US before , often to coincide with annual joint military exercises held by South Korea and US forces . The two Koreas remain technically at war , because the 1950-1953 war ended in an armistice , not a peace treaty .", ", 27 , from Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire , was last seen in September 1990 . Officers reopened the investigation in April , and discovered human bones on land off Stocking Fen Road in Ramsey . A 64-year-old man from Ramsey has been arrested . Mr was last seen on the evening of 28 September at Factory Bank , off Great Whyte , Ramsey . Three people were arrested in connection with his disappearance but no-one was charged . In April , Cambridgeshire Police reopened the investigation as a murder inquiry , saying they believed he had been shot . Detectives think Mr was killed with a shotgun sometime during the evening of 28 September at a garage called Mongrel Cars , which no longer exists , in Ramsey . They began searching land in the town in April . Bones \" consistent with being human \" were found by scenes of crime officers , forensic scientists and detectives during the 13-day operation . Det Ch Insp , who is leading the murder inquiry , said : \" The bones were discovered during a painstaking search of the area we had identified as being of interest . \" An expert in forensic anthropology has assisted the investigation and the bones will now be subject to DNA testing and much more intrusive forensic analysis . \" Mr was last seen eating a takeaway in a light blue Ford Cortina car . He was wearing overalls , a khaki jumper , jeans and trainers . He was described as 5ft 8in ( 1.72m ) , medium build with mousey blond , curly , shoulder-length hair and had a number of tattoos . Mr said he was \" confident \" local people held additional information that would help \" bring resolution to 's family \" .", "The twins starred as the Irish made it three wins out of three in Bangkok on Tuesday . bagged four wickets as Zimbabwe were dismissed for a paltry 78 before top-scored with 36 to help Ireland to 79-3 in 15.2 overs . Victory over Scotland will secure a place in next year 's World Twenty20 . The top two teams from the qualifying tournament will take on the game 's elite in India . Ireland have avoided a meeting with tournament favourites Bangladesh but face a tough encounter against the Scots on Thursday . Zimbabwe also came into Tuesday 's game at Terdthai Cricket Ground with a 100 % record in Group B but they were outclassed by the Irish . took 4-20 and 2-9 as Zimbabwe were skittled out in 19 overs . The target was easily achieved after ( 22 ) and put on an opening partnership of 48 .", "Colchester Hospital was rated as inadequate after a recent Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) inspection found it was relying on \" unsuitable \" agency staff . died in 2009 after he was mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse . The hospital said the CQC report did not reflect improvements it has made . Inspectors said the hospital demonstrated \" poor leadership \" and \" only a limited capacity to improve \" . Staff were let down by agency workers , who were not as committed and were \" unsuitable in terms of their skills and knowledge \" . Mr 's daughter said she feels angry that \" nothing has changed \" since he died . More on this story on BBC Local Live in Essex She added : \" At the time they said there was a deficit in trained staff and there was a breakdown in management and the girl was thrown in at the deep end . \" Many of the items raised in this most recent report were raised back then . I do n't see them being addressed soon . \" There is no leadership , there is no support for the actual nurses on the wards . \" Chief executive , who started in the role last month , admitted its biggest challenge is \" reducing our dependency on agency staff . \" \" We have got more staff employed now than we have ever had , and since September we have recruited 75 more qualified nurses but we have still got a long way to go . \" The trust which runs the hospital has been in special measures since 2013 . The CQC has recommended it remains in special measures for the next three months , during which time it must submit a weekly improvement plan . Mr said his intention is to \" focus entirely on getting out of special measures this year \" .", "Media playback is not supported on this device , who has won 30 stages at the Tour de France , came sixth in the first of six events - the scratch race . He was second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race with three more events on Monday . broke the women 's sprint Olympic record in qualification and is in Monday 's quarter-finals along with fellow Briton . , 31 , began his campaign with a hard-fought sixth-placed finish in the scratch race , after Denmark 's , the London 2012 Olympic champion and took the top two spots by gaining a lap on the field . In the individual pursuit , recorded a time of four minutes 16.878 seconds and caught reigning world champion Colombian in the process . That temporarily gave the the outright lead , before set a new Olympic record of 4:14:982 , beating Sir time set in 2008 , to win his second event in a row . However , dropped from first to sixth overall after he was the first rider to fall out of the elimination race which sees the rider in last position at the end of every second lap ejected from the race . was looking comfortable as other riders dropped out but he was ejected , despite not being the last rider over the line , when he overtook a rider while off the inside of the track , and was awarded seventh place . France 's , the 2014 world champion , leads on 106 points , two more than Italy 's who won the elimination race , with third on 96 points . The fourth event - the time trial - starts at 14:21 BST on Monday , before the flying lap and points race events . won a silver medal in the keirin on Saturday and maintained her good form on Sunday as she set a new Olympic record during the sprint qualification . recorded a time of 10.721 seconds to beat the 10.724 set by fellow Briton at the 2012 Olympics in London . That saw become the fastest qualifier and she comfortably beat of Azerbaijan by a margin of 0.165 secs to move into the quarter-finals , which take place from 14:00 BST on Monday . also advanced in style as she defeated Canada 's after posting the second fastest qualification time . Australia 's defending champion was beaten by Lithuania 's but won a repechage race to reach the last eight . Media playback is not supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Finance Minister made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round . He said that when added to the last monitoring round it means the executive has allocated an additional \u00a3 200m to health in 2016 / 17 . Health accounts for about half of Stormont 's departmental spending . Last week , Health Minister said her department needed \" significant additional funding \" to meet growing demand . When asked on Tuesday if any of the money would be allocated to waiting lists , Ms said she \" would make her decisions on the allocations of the additional resources as soon as possible within the next few days \" . So how will the money be spent ? At this stage there is little detail . However , from the health minister 's statement it seems that the money will go directly to unscheduled care which includes emergency departments . It will also be directed to those areas within hospitals which often experience bed blocking - when patients cannot be discharged as there is nowhere for them to be cared for in the community , including in their own homes . Read more . Other reallocations include \u00a3 30m to schools with \u00a3 5m of that for special educational needs . There is also \u00a3 25m for roads maintenance and building schemes and \u00a3 20m for further education . Mr said there have been no new spending cuts despite pressure on budgets \" as a result of the Westminster austerity agenda \" . A large slice of the money which has been reallocated is \u00a3 30m which had been set aside to mitigate cuts to tax credits . However , the money is no longer needed for that purpose after the chancellor reversed his plan to cut tax credits .", "Just days after dropping a supreme court action , the twins filed a fresh lawsuit against the company . It claims that Facebook \" intentionally or inadvertently suppressed evidence \" during their previous litigation . Originally , and accused Mr of stealing their idea to create the site . The story of the feud formed the core of the 2010 film \" The Social Network \" . The row dates from 2003 when the Winklevosses hired Mr to write code for their ConnectU site while at Harvard . He never did , but instead set up Facebook , which quickly became a success around the world . A court case over who did what was resolved in 2008 when the parties agreed on a financial settlement , reportedly worth around $ 65m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 41m ) . In January 2011 the Winklevosses tried to reopen the case , seeking more money . However , a US appeals court ruled in April that they would have to accept the settlement . The twins initially said they would appeal against the settlement , but decided this week not to pursue that legal avenue . In the most recent suit filed on Thursday with the US District Court of Massachusetts , the Winklevosses and their business partner said that Facebook hid some crucial information from them during settlement proceedings . The twins said that Mr did not disclose some important documents in regards to the relationship between him and the brothers while they were at Harvard . Facebook 's outside counsel said in a statement : \" These are old and baseless allegations that have been considered and rejected previously by the courts . \"", "The teenage pedestrian was knocked down by a Ford Focus in Oldgate Lane , Thrybergh , Rotherham , on Saturday , said South Yorkshire Police . The car involved was thought to have been travelling towards Dalton at the time and its driver was not injured in the crash . Police have appealed for any witnesses to contact them .", "He had rejected a move to Birmingham on Wednesday but has now agreed personal terms and passed his medical . , who was in the final year of his contract at at Dens Park , had scored six goals in three games for Dundee already this season . He could make his Blues debut in Saturday 's Championship match at Leeds . is Birmingham 's second signing of the week following the arrival of striker from Sheffield United . Birmingham opened their Championship campaign with a goalless draw against Cardiff City and were knocked out of the EFL Cup by League One side Oxford United in Tuesday 's first-round tie .", "The former private , who is in her 20s , has accepted a conditional caution for misconduct in a public office . The woman has agreed to make a payment of \u00c2 \u00a3 40 to an armed forces charity . She was arrested at her Nottinghamshire home under the Metropolitan Police 's Operation Elveden inquiry into alleged corrupt payments to public officials . In a statement , the CPS outlined details of the offence but did not name the newspaper or the barracks . CPS lawyer said : '' The evidence in this case was considered very carefully and although there was sufficient evidence to prosecute this offence , when considering the public interest it was decided that a conditional caution was an appropriate course of action . '' In accepting a conditional caution , an individual accepts responsibility for the offending set out . '' The former soldier was arrested in September . She was the 87th person to be held as part of Operation Elveden , which was launched after the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World newspaper . The operation was established to investigate allegations of inappropriate payments to police but was widened in January 2012 to include other public officials . It is being overseen by the Independent Police Complaints Commission .", "The Care Inspectorate gave Nithsdale House in Pollokshields , Glasgow , a score of one - the lowest possible - across three areas examined . Weaknesses at Drumpellier Lodge in the city 's Bargeddie area were also found . The home received the second lowest rating in three areas examined . The inspections took place in February . An unannounced inspection visit was carried out at Nithsdale House , in Shields Road , Pollokshields , on 21 February . The care home , which is run by Lotus Senior Living Ltd , was given a score of one ( unsatisfactory ) for its quality of care and support ; its quality of environment and its quality of staffing . The home 's quality of management and leadership received the second lowest score of two ( weak ) . Inspectors also noted that there had been \" very little progress \" following an earlier inspection which had already highlighted concerns . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" We continue to have serious concerns about the quality of care being provided to residents at this service . \" Whilst we noted some improvement in some areas following a previous inspection , significant concerns remain over the service 's performance in relation to ensuring the health and wellbeing of residents . \" The spokesman said inspectors had \" observed poor practice in relation to administering medication \" . He added : \" We have informed the service of the improvements which it must make to ensure that residents' needs are met and their rights respected . \" We will continue to work with them to ensure they improve , but unless we see evidence of significant improvement , we will not hesitate to take further action . \" An unannounced inspection visit was carried out at Drumpellier Lodge , Coatbridge Road , Bargeddie , on 6 February . The care home , which is run by Clancare Ltd , was given a score of two ( weak ) for its quality of care and support ; its quality of management and leadership and its quality of staffing.Inspectors found that 10 requirements for improvement , made at a previous inspection , were not met . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" We continue to have concerns about the quality of care and support being provided at this service and are working closely with them to ensure they meet the standards we expect . \" We have told the service the areas it must take urgent action on to improve . \" If we are not satisfied that improvement is being made we will not hesitate to take further action . \"", "Officers were called to Derby Road , Enfield at 15:30 GMT on Saturday after reports of a gun being seen in a car . A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the reported car was stopped at 16:00 GMT and the four men inside were arrested . They are currently being held at a north London police station .", "The company said Lancaster 's Caton Road substation went offline at 11:00 BST , leaving parts of the city and nearby Morecambe and Carnforth without power . Power supplies resumed at 16:30 BST in the remaining 10,000 properties after 53,000 had theirs restored earlier . The firm said it was not yet known what caused the outage and thanked customers for their \" support \" . A flood at the facility during Storm Desmond in 2015 left 55,000 without power . The outage resulted in travel problems , with many traffic lights not working , and caused disruption to schools , universities and businesses . Lancaster town hall closed while the outage was dealt with . It later reopened but Lancaster City Council tweeted it \" can only deal with basic enquiries \" . Salt Ayre Leisure Centre in Lancaster was closed and it only accepted cash payments when it reopened . Lancaster University was affected and tweeted wi-fi is available outside the chaplaincy centre , security lodge and information systems services . The university 's student union sent a tweet telling students who were facing exams to turn up as usual . St John 's Hospice and Lancaster Cathedral both tweeted that power had returned .", "The plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket , Suffolk , had been approved by Forest Heath District Council . But last year Local Government Secretary refused to accept the decision . Planning judge Mr ruled that Mr 's decision was fatally inconsistent and \" plainly deficient \" . The case will now have to be reconsidered . Mr , sitting in London , quashed the refusal , saying : \" The secretary of state has performed a complete and unexplained volte-face in his assessment of the highways impacts of two proposals for development on the same site in Newmarket and has also failed to apply his own National Planning Policy Framework . \" The judge said : \" There is on any view a requirement for more land for housing and other economic development in the Forest Heath District . \" , the 19th Earl of Derby , brought the legal challenge with Moulton Parish Council and the Rural Parishes Alliance . The judge said local parish councils had for some time argued that growth in the area should not be dispersed among the rural parishes but concentrated in Newmarket . Newmarket Horsemen 's Group and some others were concerned that development in the town \" may have an adverse effect on the horseracing industry that is based there \" and lead to increased traffic . A spokesman for said : \" The secretary of state now has a second chance to determine the application . He should take full account of the significant benefits the planning application will bring to Newmarket when making a decision . \" The Department for Communities and Local Government said : \" We have received this judgment and will now consider our response . \"", "The call was made at a scrutiny meeting of the council to discuss the problems surrounding the new vessel . Council leader said the crossing at Cowes would be free until 2 July \" in recognition of the problems \" and to allow feedback . Mr said the council had ordered a review of the project by auditors . He said it had been a \" frustrating and disappointing start \" to the ferry . Since launching late on 14 May the chain ferry has broken down , run aground and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to \" training issues \" . Cars have also been damaged getting on and off . Shopkeeper , who owns Valu-4-U in East Cowes , said : \" Whether I come out of this and survive I am not sure - other businesses too . We are bearing the brunt of the loss of almost six months of trade . \" Will you compensate local businesses , the same as for damaged cars ? \" Transport councillor said compensation was up for discussion . He added : \" I do n't think it 's a disaster . It 's a prototype . There are bound to be teething problems . There were electrical problems which the company has rectified . \" He said the council authorised the manufacture of ramp extensions to resolve the problem of vehicles scraping the concrete . He said groundings were an issue with seamanship , which had been resolved .", "The 24-year-old Tunisia international , who initially joined Lille on a season-long loan last summer , has agreed a three-year contract with Les Dogues . has made just five appearances since his return from the 2017 African Cup of Nations - where he played all four matches as Tunisia exited the tournament in the quarter-finals . He has played 16 games for Lille , scoring once - during November 's 4-2 home victory against Caen . , who began his career with Sedan before moving to Paris FC in 2013 , has won 11 caps for his country and scored three goals . Lille are 11th in the table going into Saturday 's fixture against Metz .", "3 February 2016 Last updated at 08:07 GMT The British astronaut has been up there for six weeks , but took time out to speak to children and share some experiments . went to meet some of kids lucky enough to be able to talk direct to the astronaut ...", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Newtownards man became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years when he triumphed in the scratch race in Belarus . , 28 , also won silver in the points race at the World Championships plus a World Cup gold in Manchester and a European bronze this year . \" This is a tremendous honour ,\" said seven-times Irish champion . \" I want to thank BBC Northern Ireland for this award as it is fantastic recognition for everything that has happened in the past year and also for the sport of cycling which has been going through somewhat of resurgence in popularity recently . \" I 'm really looking forward to the next year with the Commonwealth Games , the World Championships and hopefully the Giro d'Italia . \" With any luck I will be chatting to some of the guys from BBC Sport NI from a podium sometime next year ! \" After winning his historic world gold and silver in Belarus during February , then suffered a fractured hip at a road race event in Taiwan a month later which ruled him out until August . However , the battling regained his fitness to win bronze at the European Track Championships in Netherlands before taking victory in the World Cup points event in Manchester two weeks later . The judging panel of Northern Ireland sports journalists chose ahead of runner-up and motorcyclist . Others shortlisted for the award were boxer , Ireland cricket captain and triathlon star . The panel of judges comprised of , editor Sport BBC NI , BBC NI sports reporter , Belfast Telegraph sports editor , of the Irish News , News Letter sports editor and author and freelance journalist . \" Once again the judging panel had a tough decision to make this year but we felt that 's achievements were just outstanding ,\" said BBC NI sports editor . \" I 'm delighted that he 's been voted BBC Northern Ireland 's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013 . \" To become a world champion , literally within an hour of winning a silver medal in another discipline , is nothing short of phenomenal . \" And to beat the likes of and to this award speaks volumes about 's achievements . \"", "A major emergency had been declared at the airport after the Italian C-27J aircraft lost communication . It was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution and landed without incident shortly before 20:00 . Police Scotland said the C-27J had been flying from Iceland to Italy . Flights are believed to have been delayed for a short time at Glasgow and Edinburgh , but Scottish airspace was not closed . Prestwick Airport also remained open throughout , and a Ryanair passenger flight to Malta took off a short time after the Italian plane landed . A video posted on Facebook by the Ayrshire News newspaper appeared to show the civilian aircraft landing at the airport . The Typhoons did not land . Photographs from the scene posted on social media showed several emergency service vehicles which had been summoned to the scene as a precaution . A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said : \" Typhoon aircraft were launched this evening from RAF Lossiemouth to intercept a civilian aircraft which was causing concern to air traffic control authorities . \" The aircraft was safely escorted to Prestwick airport and the local police now have the lead . \"", "Bomb disposal officers were sent to Birmingham 's Lee Bank area on Friday and nearby roads were closed and cordoned off . The men , two aged 32 and 37 were arrested in Stoke-on-Trent and three others , aged 18 , 24 and 28 , were arrested in Birmingham . Magistrates granted police a further seven days to question the men . Detectives from the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit appeared before London 's Westminster Magistrates' Court via video link on Saturday to submit their request for a warrant of further detention , a spokesman said . The men were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism . Ch Supt , from West Midlands Police , said : \" The arrests of the five men were intelligence led and our investigation continues at full pace . \" A number of properties in the Stoke and Birmingham areas have been searched as part of the investigation . The BBC understands the force was dealing with two suspect devices that were found at a business in Lee Bank on Friday .", "Coverage will be on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app . The two teams faced off in Patras , Greece , earlier this month , with European title contenders Greece running out winners , 92-64 . Three members of that team will be missing at the Copper Box , however , offering GB a chance of revenge . \" I think it 's going to be amazing - I 'm from Stratford so I love playing there [ at the Copper Box ],\" said GB guard . \" This is the level we need to be playing at to make sure we 're 100 % ready for EuroBasket this year . \" We 've got a couple of guys who are going to be playing for the first time in London so it 's going to be exciting for them - I think the atmosphere 's going to be great . \" The game will be Britain 's only home game before they compete at FIBA EuroBasket 2017 , which starts at the beginning of September with a qualifying group in Istanbul , Turkey . After they play Greece , coach 's team travel to a four-team tournament in Poland , their last warm-up games before EuroBasket starts . ( BST ) 17:30-19:30 - BBC iPlayer 17:30-19:30 - BBC Sport website", "The breach happened 10 days ago when the council 's website service provider , which is based in England , was targeted by hackers . The City of Edinburgh Council assured those affected no other personal details were accessed . Officials have warned of a potential increase in spam or phishing emails . They said the incident had been reported to both the Information Commissioner and the UK Government 's Computer Emergency Response Team and that extra security measures had been put in place . A council spokeswoman said : \" This was a malicious cyber attack on the council 's website which is hosted in a UK data centre . It was dealt with swiftly and at no point were any council services affected . \" We are contacting everyone who has been affected to inform them of the incident and offer them advice and support . We have reassured individuals that the only details that have been accessed are their email addresses . \" The Information Commissioner 's Office has been informed and preventative measures have been taken by the web service providers . \" We want to reassure the public the ongoing security of our website is critically important , and we continue to work with our service providers to ensure that the risks associated with attacks are dealt with . \"", "\" We have big ideas for the future , and part of making them happen is building Instagram into a sustainable business ,\" it said . Ads will appear in a few months and involve just a handful of firms . Instagram was bought by Facebook for $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 619m ) , but has never made a profit . The company , which now has 150 million users , has been a favourite among consumers but has long left analysts wondering how it could turn enthusiasm among photographers into a business model . Early efforts by Instagram to generate revenue were met with user backlash , such as when the company changed the terms of service to seemingly indicate that it would own user images and could sell those images to advertisers . The failure of this move was acknowledged in the company 's posting . \" As always , you own your own photos and videos . The introduction of advertising wo n't change this ,\" it said . In an interview earlier this year with the BBC , Instagram co-founder said that Instagram must \" fund its own future . \" Social media advertising is a booming business in the US . According to research firm eMarketer , advertisers will spend $ 9.5bn on social network ads worldwide this year . Facebook has boosted its efforts to gain a larger share of this ad spending . This year , the company 's share of global mobile ad revenues will rise to 15.8 % from 5.35 % last year .", "The star of TV series and Six Feet Under , played the lead role in 's musical Lazarus , which premiered shortly before his death . He will perform the title song , which opens with the line : \" Look up here , I 'm in heaven \" , and was widely interpreted as 's personal epitaph . The song also appears on 's Mercury-nominated Blackstar album . Other nominees include , The 1975 , Kano and Bat For Lashes . Radiohead are also shortlisted for their album A Moon Shaped Pool . It is their fifth nomination - but they have yet to win the \u00c2 \u00a3 25,000 prize . The band , who are on a brief break from their world tour , are not expected to perform at the ceremony , but most of the other acts will appear . On the night , the 12 nominated albums will be cut down to six finalists , one of whom will be chosen by a public vote . A panel of judges , including , and frontwoman , will then choose the overall winner . The full list of nominees is : Read more about the nominees The 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize takes place at the Hammersmith Apollo on Thursday , 15 September . There will be full coverage on BBC Music News LIVE , and the BBC red button and the ceremony will be broadcast live on BBC Four from 21:00 BST . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", ", 56 , of Hounslow , west London , was acquitted by the jury at Southwark Crown Court . Mr had denied indecently assaulting a male prisoner and misconduct in public office . The charges dated back to on or before 7 November 1986 . During the trial Mr accused the Metropolitan Police of bringing the criminal case against him as part of a 17-year campaign to \" hound \" him out of the force . The retired detective claimed the police had tried to discredit him after he gave evidence to the Stephen Lawrence inquiry about racism within the police force . He told jurors : \" This is a typical reaction from a department that has hounded me since 1998 , investigating me and following me around and bugging my phone . Mr retired from the Metropolitan Police in 2012 after 30 years of service .", "Mr said it would be \" completely wrong \" to remain in the EU 's single market as both major UK parties told voters they wanted to leave . But he played down differences with the Welsh Government over Brexit . The UK government is under pressure to change its approach to leaving the EU , which critics call a \" hard Brexit \" . Mr 's predecessor , , claimed the election had changed the terms of the Brexit debate . The Preseli Pembrokeshire MP is backing calls from Scottish Tory leader for to adopt a more flexible approach that achieves a consensus across parties . Mr told BBC Wales : \" The majority of business opinion in Wales and the UK supports Britain staying in the single market and staying in the customs union but still coming out of the European Union legally . \" And I think that argument needs to get looked at far more closely and if we ca n't achieve a satisfactory deal based on membership of the single market we need something that is pretty close to it if it 's going to achieve the consensus that it needs to across the parties . \" Wales Office Minister said the process of listening to devolved governments had begun . \" It is seven times more important now because of the result of the election that the devolved countries have a real voice in the process of leaving the European Union ,\" he said . Mr , newly re-appointed to his role , said he wanted Brexit negotiations , due to start next week , to focus on the right outcome with businesses trading freely . \" We 've talked about frictionless trade , the Welsh Government have talked about unfettered access . These are one and the same things ,\" he said . \" Even the Labour Party do n't want to remain part of the single market so it would be completely wrong to stay in the single market when the two largest parties are opposed to that . \" But Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP echoed Mr 's call for cross-party consensus . He said he did not buy the idea that because has had \" an unquestionably difficult time for which she takes some of the blame \" it means \" it 's game over \" .", "They held private meetings with in the wake of the Hillsborough inquests , which ended in April . Jurors found the fans who died as a result of the 1989 crush were unlawfully killed . The families also complained about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police . They called on the home secretary to put the force into remedial measures . It is understood the proposed ' Hillsborough Law ' would seek to place a further onus on those in public office to cooperate positively with investigations . The families were told about developments in two ongoing criminal investigations into the disaster at the meetings with the home secretary , which were held in Warrington . has previously praised the dignity and determination of the victims' relatives . Chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group , , whose son died in the disaster , said : \" I myself for the very first time felt - I 'm sure the families did as well - that at last there 's a home secretary that 's actually listening to them . \" The home secretary has met some Hillsborough families before , but this is the first time that she 's spoken directly to them since the inquests ended . spent several hours in Warrington , meeting separately with the two main groups of relatives . The atmosphere was said to be heated , with some of the families complaining directly to her about the conduct of South Yorkshire Police during the inquests . Some relatives asked for assurances that there will be criminal prosecutions , and I 'm told that they wanted to make sure that the home secretary personally understood the emotional toll that the two-year inquests have taken . Although the Hillsborough families welcomed the jury 's finding of unlawful killing , they know that many months of uncertainty lie ahead before they find out whether criminal trials will follow . The Independent Police Complaints Commission revealed that 19 people have refused to assist with their probe into the conduct of officers from West Midlands Police , which investigated the tragedy . The watchdog has now handed files on suspects to the Crown Prosecution Service in its largest-ever inquiry into alleged criminality and alleged police misconduct . The IPCC has contacted 258 officers and staff members involved in the investigation into the tragedy and a total of 161 statements have been taken . The watchdog said : \" Our intention remains to submit full files of evidence to the CPS by the turn of the year to enable decisions to be made on whether any individuals should be charged . \"", "North Wales Police were called to the incident involving a silver Ford Transit truck in Nantlle Road , Talysarn , Gwynedd , on Friday afternoon . The woman was flown to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor by air ambulance , but later died . Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident .", "Following flooding at Brunton Park , Carlisle have three ' home ' fixtures at neutral grounds and beat Notts County at Preston 's Deepdale on Saturday . 's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging . \" I 'm really upset about how the league 's handled the Carlisle affair ,\" told BBC Radio Lancashire . \" We are now games behind Carlisle . We 've had two postponements and they 've been allowed to play elsewhere and I do n't think it 's right or fair . \" I do n't think it 's fair on the rest of the 23 teams who have to go to Carlisle when some teams wo n't have to go there . \" I just do n't think it 's anywhere near any shape or form fair . \" I 've got nothing against Carlisle , I wish them all the best in their ventures and what they do , but it 's shifting the rules . \" I 've got every sympathy for the people that have lost belongings and homes , I 'm not decrying any of that - I 'm just saying strictly from a football point of view it 's an unfair advantage to play at another ground . \" The Cumbrians will also play upcoming matches at Blackburn 's Ewood Park and Blackpool 's Bloomfield Road .", "The supporters had been on a stadium tour but managed to cut themselves off from the remainder of the party . They were found on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium before being handed over to police , who decided not to arrest the pair . United say there was no risk to supporters attending the Arsenal game . The pair had been searched and their belongings put through a metal detector before they went on the tour . The incident comes six months after United 's Premier League game against Bournemouth at Old Trafford had to be called off at short notice when a suspect package was found in a toilet in the corner of the stadium . It turned out to be a fake explosive left behind after a training exercise earlier in the week .", ", 39 , was fixing a light at the Catwel shop in Cardiff two weeks ago when he nipped out to his van and returned to find his tools were gone . He said he had a call from a lady in the cat charity shop to say his tools were there to collect , but with \" no explanation of how , why or when \" . Mr 's original Facebook post about the mistake went viral . He said he had enjoyed his five minutes of fame afterwards . \" I could n't believe it ,\" he said , \" the phone just did n't stop ringing . \" \" The Sun newspaper came down to where I was working and took photographs , television crews wanted to film me and I even had an offer to appear on Judge ,\" he added . \" I 'm just waiting for the call to go into the jungle . \" Mr said he had been offered \u00a3 100 by a magazine for his story and , if it happened , he would donate \u00a3 50 to the cat charity shop and \u00a3 50 to a dog charity shop , after admitting he was \" more of a dog person \" . \" I 'm just glad no-one has been left out of pocket ,\" he said .", "Media playback is not supported on this device told BBC Scotland her veterinary medicine studies will mean she will not be with the Scotland team at next year 's event on Australia 's Gold Coast . The 24-year-old finished fourth and sixth in the 1500m and 5,000m at the World Athletics Championships . \" My exams are n't until May so Commonwealths being in April , it 's just not going to work out unfortunately ,\" said the middle distance runner . \" I go back to university next week . I 've got a week off then back to my studies to complete my final year . Media playback is not supported on this device \" I love running for Scotland whenever I can and the Commonwealths are one of the few opportunities you can do it so , yeah , I 'm gutted I 'm going to be missing it . \" But you have to think about getting my degree and that was really important to me . I 'm sure the team 's going to do so , so well . They 're going to do great . \" I think I 've got at least two , even three more Olympics in me . What events ? I do n't know . Certainly , so much scope for the future . \" However , says the World Indoor Championships in March are \" potentially a target \" . \" These next few months are going to be very full on with my studies ,\" she explained . \" I feel like I 'm in reasonable shape . I 'd like to run in Birmingham . \" upset defending world champion to win 5,000m gold in London , with third . 's time of 14 minutes 52.07 seconds was her new outdoor personal best . \" I 'm really happy ,\" she said after Sunday 's race . \" It was really tough competition out there . I 'm delighted with that . I 'm really , really pleased with how I ran . \" My fifth race in 10 days - it 's a lot of running and to still come away with that I think there 's a lot of potential for the future . \"", "The former Newcastle striker , 26 , was jailed for eight months in May after admitting online banking fraud . Southend boss expects to return to training before their first League One game on 5 August . \" When the season starts , we 'll try to get games behind closed doors so he can get a level of match fitness ,\" told BBC Essex . After pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud by obtaining bank details and transferring money , Southend said they would consider the player 's future . Speaking after their pre-season friendly defeat by Brighton on Tuesday , said : \" Nile has to understand that these players are playing with discipline and have done for the last three or four weeks . \" The best we will get out of Nile is probably a week 's work and that wo n't be enough for him to be fit for the [ start of the ] season . \" joined Southend in August 2016 and scored eight goals in 27 league appearances last season .", "The patrols at Camber Sands in East Sussex will be funded with \u00c2 \u00a3 51,000 allocated by Rother District Council as part of its annual budget . Councillor said the council needed to act after the \" significant and unprecedented \" deaths . Families of the men who drowned said a lifeguard service could have saved their lives . Five men died during a day-trip to the beach last August . A month earlier , two others also lost their lives . The council said the beach attracted more than one million people each year . It said lifeguards would be present from the late May bank holiday until the end of the summer holidays \" to offer reassurance \" to visitors . Speaking after a council meeting on Monday night , Mrs , the cabinet member for tourism , said : \" Our thoughts remain with the families of those who lost their lives . \" The incidents were significant and unprecedented and we need to react to the changing circumstances . \" We not only need to protect the visiting public , but also the economy and livelihoods of our coastal tourism businesses . \" However , she stressed the importance of \" people from all communities across Britain being better informed \" on beach and water safety before they visit . She said : \"[ The beach ] can never be completely risk-free but we are committed to investing in our beach patrol , the lifeguard service and working with other agencies to ensure visitors to the beach are aware of the dangers of the sea . \" Full inquests into the deaths are awaited . The council said it would act on any recommendations the coroner might make . Five men from south-east London died on 24 August : Two others lost their lives in July :", "was on Swindon Town 's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies . says the loss of - who guided Thistle to a top six finish last season - would be a hard act to follow . \" Since I signed , he 's only got better , every season . It 's no surprise teams are interested in him ,\" said . \" We do n't want him to go anywhere . He 's probably one of the best managers I have played under . The boys love him . We just pray he stays here for another season . \" 's Partick Thistle team-mate echoes his captain 's sentiments . \" I would be personally disappointed because what he has done is really good ,\" the midfielder said . \" As a footballer , you like managers who really stick by their players . You come across so many managers who chop and change things and I have been through that many managers that many times . \" New managers come in and they do n't even want to see you play , they just want to bring their own players in and chop and change . To see him go would not be a good thing . \" Partick Thistle are on the verge of losing promising centre-back , who has travelled to Barnsley for a medical following the clubs agreeing a fee for the player . Subject to the completion of the medical , will sign a three-year deal at Oakwell .", "All 10 had their passports confiscated after they were detained at Montreal 's Trudeau International Airport at the weekend . Police said in a statement on Tuesday that none of the suspects had been charged , but investigations were ongoing . Their families have been informed . \" These are very difficult times for the relatives and loved ones of the persons arrested , as the decision to leave the country was not that of the family , but of a single family member ,\" the statement said . \" As a result , family members often find themselves at a complete loss and unable to understand the decision made by the youth . \" Police said they could not disclose the identity of the suspects or provide information about what led to their arrests . , Canada 's public safety minister , commended the officers for their \" continued vigilance \" in protecting communities from \" the ongoing global terror threat \" . Canadian troops are part of a multinational coalition to halt the advance of IS militants in Iraq and Syria . Prime Minister announced in March that he planned to expand the mission and has since pledged $ 139m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 89m ) to help alleviate the growing humanitarian crisis in the region .", "The 21-year-old made his debut for the Tigers in the League Cup first-round tie against Accrington Stanley in August . was captain of the Championship club 's under-21 side . He could make his debut for the Minstermen , who are bottom of the Football League , in Saturday 's match against Newport . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "put Belfast ahead before levelled late in the first period . However , second-period goals from and left the Giants in control . increased Belfast 's lead to 4-1 before completed the scoring with five minutes left . Belfast have a game in hand on the Devils , who defeated Coventry Blaze 5-3 on Monday evening . Cardiff are back in action against Blaze on Tuesday while the Giants are at home to Manchester Storm on Wednesday evening as the busy festive period continues . The Giants took the lead after 15:52 on Monday with netting after being set up by and . netted on the powerplay in the last minute of the first period but restored the Giants' advantage on 27:41 after combining well with . then fired into the Braehead net on 33:50 before 's powerplay effort on 51:45 and 's concluding goal on 55:18 . After Wednesday 's game against Manchester , Braehead Clan are the visitors on Friday before Coventry Blaze take on the Giants at the SSE Arena on 2 January .", "25 February 2016 Last updated at 10:01 GMT Having undergone significant restoration , it will make its first journey in ten years along the East Coast mainline . The steam engine was initially built in Doncaster , but took its name from the Edinburgh to London service on which it ran . After the last original locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966 , the train toured the world , becoming an icon of British engineering . Video produced by BBC Rewind", "He is one of 249 men suing the Catholic Church over alleged historical sexual abuse at St William 's residential school in Market Weighton . Only one man out of five initial cases heard at the High Court in Leeds has been awarded compensation . In December , a judge ruled in favour of one claimant and ordered the church to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 14,000 in damages . At the same hearing , His Honour Judge dismissed three other claims . More on this and other East Yorkshire stories In January 2016 the former head of St William 's was jailed for the third time after he was found guilty of sexually abusing boys . , 75 , had already been sentenced to 21 years in prison for sexually abusing boys and was jailed for a further nine years in January . He was jailed for seven years in 1993 and a further 14 years in 2004 for offences he committed at St William 's , which closed in 1992 . Co-defendant , 69 , a former chaplain at St William 's , was sentenced to 15 years in prison for a series of historical sex offences . He was acquitted of eight other charges at the same trial . The De La Salle Brothers , a Christian order of lay teachers , which ran the school in conjunction with the Diocese of Middlesbrough , has apologised \" unreservedly \" for the abuse . Another set of compensation claims is expected to be heard in late 2017 .", "The film , written by and starring as , took a total of \u00a3 15.3m . It is the third highest opening weekend from the JK Rowling series , behind the two final Harry Potter films . Warner Bros executive said : \" We are thrilled with the huge response from British and Irish audiences . \" The film also worked its magic at North American cinemas , taking an estimated $ 75m (\u00a3 61m ) over the weekend - more than the rest of the US box office top 10 combined . Harry Potter creator has planned scripts for a total of five films in the series . The first instalment is set in New York , and tells the story of a fictional author mentioned in the Potter stories . plays the part of the animal-loving magizoologist , who visits New York 's secret community of witches and wizards . The film is set 70 years before reads his book at his school , Hogwarts . It has received broadly positive reviews from critics . The opening weekend haul in the US and Canada was lower than for any of the Harry Potter films , however . Elsewhere in the box office charts , 's Doctor Strange fell to second with $ 17.7m (\u00a3 14.3m ) , with Trolls third on $ 17.5m (\u00a3 14.1m ) . Sci-fi movie Arrival , starring , took fourth spot with $ 11.8m (\u00a3 9.5m ) , while the comedy Almost Christmas , starring and Gabrielle Union , rounded out the top five with $ 7m (\u00a3 5.7m ) . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 22-year-old fractured her neck and back , dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc in her neck after colliding with during the omnium final . Norfolk 's spent four weeks in hospital after January 's accident . \" They were pretty sure paralysis was going to be the outcome while I was in Rotterdam , but luckily I pulled through ,\" she told BBC Look East . \" Being an athlete , I think they said because my neck and back were so strong I was able to withstand the force . \" Although I did break a few bones , my spinal cord stayed intact and I 'm here to live another day . \" Racing at the event was cancelled after the 2013 World Championships bronze medallist 's crash , with fans asked to leave the velodrome . \" I have no memories , which is probably pretty good ,\" she said . \" It 's not going to put me off in the future ,\" she said . \" I remember holding onto the fence getting ready to roll up to the final and then next thing I know I was in hospital and someone was telling me I 'd had an accident . I just responded with ' did I win ?' . That was all I was worried about . \" hopes to be back \" easy riding \" on a bike by the end of the summer and says she has the right support around her to make a full recovery . Media playback is not supported on this device \" I 'm going to get back on a bike eventually ,\" she added . \" I 've got no timescale yet , but I do n't know what level I 'll be able to get to . I 'll give it a good go . \" I 've got the full support team behind me , I 've got physios , doctors . We 've got the world 's best . At the end of the day , we 're a great programme , so I 've got every chance of getting back to where I was . \"", "Former Association of Police and Crime Commissioners ( APCC ) chief executive was advised against doing so by the organisation 's board . This was because of potentially controversial policing issues that could have been raised on the show . But Mr stepped down and appeared on the programme on 25 May . The APCC said : \" told the board that he intended to go on Question Time to discuss the recent events in Manchester . \" The board , made up of all parties , advised that it would be inappropriate for him to do so , given the number of contentious issues relating to policing which could be raised especially in discussion with politicians who were appearing and during purdah . \" He resigned from his post in order to make this appearance . We thank him for his service during his year at the APCC . \" Mr joined the APCC last year . The association said Mr signed a contract confirming that he would not do any media without the consent of the board . This was essential because the APCC was apolitical and the role of the chief executive was politically restricted , it said . Mr tweeted : \" Given media calls I confirm that I 've resigned as Chief Executive of country 's police & crime commissioners . I 'm not saying anything publicly . \" Introduced in England and Wales in 2012 , PCCs must : Source : Association of Police and Crime Commissioners Mr is a former Crown chief prosecutor for north-west England . It was announced he would step down in March 2015 . He led several high-profile prosecutions , including the Rochdale grooming trial . He was awarded an OBE in 2004 for services to law and the local community , Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning", "Earlier this month , NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21 % of salmon and 25 % of sea trout dying each year , as they migrate to and from local rivers . Tidal Lagoon Power ( TLP ) said the claims had no \" clear scientific basis \" . NRW said its figures were based on the \" best available evidence \" it received . In a briefing note sent to AMs and seen by BBC Wales , TLP disputed NRW 's figures and claimed that the regulator refused to share its methodology for calculating them . \" Without clear scientific basis NRW has recently published figures based in these ' what if ' scenarios despite our request to consider the evidence needed to back them up prior to publication ,\" the briefing said . \" These scenarios give unrealistic and grossly misleading impact figures [ on fish ],\" the briefing adds . TLP said that computer modelling carried out by experts on its behalf estimated a \" worst case scenario \" of the lagoon killing 2 % of all species of fish . The \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn Swansea tidal lagoon project is being viewed by the firm as a test bed for much larger and more cost effective versions around the coast , including Cardiff , Newport and Colwyn Bay . UK government ministers are considering the findings of a six-month review of the viability of the scheme , which is yet to be published . Wales' Environment Secretary said the Welsh Government was \" very supportive \" of the scheme . But she said both it and the industry needed clarity on the UK government 's position in the \" very , very near future . \" NRW said it strongly disagreed with TLP 's criticism , which it was \" very surprised and disappointed by \" . , an NRW executive director , said : \" We have received a vast amount of evidence on this subject from the applicant and have held detailed discussions with the developer for a year-and-a-half where we have shared a huge amount of information , data and our methodology . \" This has been assessed by independent experts and our own technical experts , and we have the utmost confidence that it is the best evidence available to enable us to make the right decision for the environment in Wales , as we are legally bound to do . \"", "It had already been announced the 30-year-old would leave the Warriors when his contract expires this summer . The South Africa-born forward becomes Sale 's first new signing for next season . \" is a world class ball-carrying forward ,\" said Sharks director of rugby . \" He has been performing well for both Glasgow and Scotland over the past five years and will complement the squad in the ball-carrying department . \" joined Glasgow from Super Rugby side Lions in 2012 and , after three years of residency , qualified to play for Scotland in time for the 2015 World Cup . Number eight has been sidelined by a kidney injury sustained during the Six Nations defeat by France , ruling him out of the rest of the tournament . \" Since coming to the UK I always had it in the back of my mind that I wanted to play in the Premiership ,\" said . \" I have really enjoyed my time with the Warriors , but I asked my agent to look around for me . He came back with Sale Sharks who have a good name , a good record in the Premiership and looked an attractive proposition . \"", "Flight MU736 was heading from Sydney , Australia to Shanghai , but the pilot reported problems with the engine about one hour after taking off . Passengers , who had to spend the night in Sydney , told media they smelt something burning inside the aircraft . The Airbus A330 landed safely and there were no reports of injuries . Images circulating on social media showed a large hole in the engine casing . Several passengers said they had heard a loud sound coming from the left engine shortly after take-off . One passenger told Australia 's Seven News network : \" All of a sudden we heard this noise ... it kind of smelt like burning \" . \" I was really scared . Our group was terrified . \" One woman on the flight told news agency Reuters : \" The cabin crew went out and told us to fasten our seatbelts and tried to calm us down , but we were actually very panicked because we had no idea what was happening . \" Passengers said the crew cleared the seats near the affected engine . China Eastern Airlines said in a statement to the media that the crew had \" observed the abnormal situation of the left engine and decided to return to Sydney airport immediately \" . It added that all passengers would be placed on flights leaving on Monday . Aviation safety authorities are now investigating . Aviation expert of consulting firm FlightGlobal told the BBC that it would be \" difficult to say at this early juncture what caused such extensive damage \" to the China Eastern plane . He said investigators would likely look at all possible factors and examine maintenance records of the aircraft and engine . \" They will also carefully assess whether a foreign object may have played a role in this ,\" he said . Last month , industry websites The Aviation Herald and Aero.de published pictures from social media appearing to show a similar hole in another aeroplane 's engine casing . Mr added it would be \" too early \" to say whether the Sydney incident was linked to other cases , but it would be something investigators would consider .", "was refused leave to remain because her British husband , a self-employed bike dealer , earns less than \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 per year . Mr and Mrs live in Eastbourne and have a daughter , , aged two . Immigration Minister has written to their MP to say after an interval review the Home Office would reconsider her application to remain . MP wrote on her website she was confident the government would reverse the decision because \" the three have a right to family life under human rights legislation and because of the impact on young should be forced to leave . \" 's father-in-law told BBC Sussex : \" It is a great relief , it is early days yet but we are very hopeful things will progress and justice will be done . \" The couple , who married in 2006 , said they were victims of a rule change in 2012 which requires British citizens with non-EU spouses to prove an income of at least \u00c2 \u00a3 18,600 . Mrs said on Wednesday it was \" outrageous \" the Home Office thought a child did not need her mother . Legal commentator said the purpose of the income threshold was to prevent non-Europeans marrying into the UK and becoming a burden on the taxpayer .", "At points throughout the year we may introduce a theme for the gallery - this week 's theme is \" love \" . Find out how you can submit your images and videos below . If you have a picture you 'd like to share , email us at england @ bbc.co.uk , post it on Facebook or tweet it to @ BBCEngland . You can also find us on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image there . You can also see a recent archive of pictures on our England 's Big Picture board on Pinterest . When emailing pictures , please make sure you include the following information : Please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week . If you submit a picture , you do so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In contributing to England 's Big Picture you agree to grant us a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way that we want , and in any media worldwide . It 's important to note , however , that you still own the copyright to everything you contribute to England 's Big Picture , and that if your image is accepted , we will publish your name alongside . The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments . At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind of media .", "Mr will be leader until presidential elections later this year . He was expelled from Congo 's largest opposition party , the UDPS , last month after contesting the designation of successors to veteran leader who died in February . Mr 's appointment is likely to further divide Mr 's opponents . Talks to negotiate his exit from power broke down last week . Mr was supposed to step down after his second and final five-year term came to an end last year but the vote to replace him was not held . The electoral commission cited financial and logistical difficulties . The arrogance of power The failure to organise the polls led to a wave of deadly demonstrations by opposition supporters , with calls from diplomats for the president to respect the constitution . The Roman Catholic Church stepped in to broker a deal at the end of 2016 which outlined the creation of a transitional government that would oversee the elections . But the deal collapsed because the government and the opposition were unable to agree on the power-sharing mechanism under the arrangement . The country of 71 million people has not had a peaceful transfer of power since its independence from Belgium in 1960 .", "Fairfax said on Wednesday it would cut 125 editorial jobs - a quarter of its newsroom - to absorb slumping revenues . In response , staff will strike until after next week 's federal budget , one of the year 's biggest local news days . Fairfax 's outlets include the Sydney Morning Herald , Melbourne 's The Age and the Australian Financial Review . The latest cuts come in addition to restructuring and cuts in recent years . The Sydney Morning Herald 's chief political correspondent tweeted \" On strike for a week \" , while his colleague urged that \" quality journalism needs actual journalists to do the job \" . Like most media outlets around the globe , Fairfax is suffering from falling circulation of its print editions and declining advertising revenue . The fresh staff cuts were announced along with plans to scale back the use of freelancers . \" While we will be looking across all parts of the newsroom , at the end of the redundancy program we expect there will be significantly fewer editorial management , video , presentation and section writer roles ,\" the publisher is quoted as saying in an internal note . Australia 's Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance , which represents the country 's journalists , strongly criticised the planned cuts at Fairfax as a \" dumb move \" . \" This will only undermine and damage its mastheads further , alienating its audience and leaving the editorial staff that remain to work harder and harder to fill the gaps ,\" chief executive said . Fairfax is the main rival to 's News Corp Australia , which is also suffering from falling revenues and also has announced plans to cut jobs .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 17-year-old from Gloucestershire won the champion apprentice trophy in his maiden season this year . has racked up 68 wins across the last 12 months , prompting his trainer to make the comparison with . \" I think he could be a champion jockey one day ,\" told BBC Points West . \" I would be amazed if he does not go right to the top , he is the name on everybody 's lips at the moment . \" 's rapid rise has seen him nominated for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015 award . The jockey has been named on the final shortlist for the award , alongside gymnast and para-swimmer . \" What he has achieved is a little bit special ,\" added . \" He is a lovely guy and thoroughly deserves his success . He is very popular and he has endeared himself with everybody . \" , who has 300 horses based at his stables near Marlborough , is the son of former flat jockey champion . has enjoyed great success under the guidance of and won the champion apprentice title in 2003 . Since then , has established himself as one of the most respected flat jockeys in horse racing and was champion jockey in 2006 , 2008 and 2009 . \" performs on the big stage and he is the best jockey in the world at the moment . He is so professional and the ultimate jockey and that 's who you want to be ,\" said , who will find out if he has won the BBC award on Sunday . \" It is a yard that is constantly in the limelight and it is big to be attached to somewhere like this . \"", "Officials from Cuba and Norway , the two countries brokering the peace process , said a week of discussions would begin in Havana on 10 December . Colombia 's president stopped the talks after the rebels seized Gen and two others on 16 November . The captives were released on Sunday . They were handed over to a humanitarian mission led by the International Red Cross and taken to a military base near the city of Medellin before travelling to be reunited with their families . \" We consider the crisis over and announce that we have agreed that the next cycle of conversations will take place between 10 and 17 December ,\" Reuters quoted a joint statement read by a Cuban official as saying . The negotiators said the next round of talks would focus on a de-escalation of the conflict , and on meeting the relatives of victims . They also said the parties had agreed to establish a permanent system to deal with any future crises . They will reconvene around mid-January , on a date not yet determined . The negotiations have been under way in Havana since November 2012 and aim to bring an end to five decades of conflict , in which 220,000 people are estimated to have died . The Red Cross and the Farc said that the handover on Sunday had taken place in a remote location in Choco province , an isolated jungle region on Colombia 's Pacific Coast . , Cpl and lawyer had been kidnapped 14 days earlier while travelling along the Atrato river by boat . They had ventured into territory dominated by the Farc in civilian clothes and without a security detail . The Farc said they kidnapped the general because they were unhappy that President had continued military operations against them during peace talks . The left-wing rebel group has renewed calls for both sides to call a ceasefire while the peace negotiations proceed . The government has rejected such calls , saying that a truce would only help the rebel group regroup and rearm . resigned from his post on Monday , saying he should have taken more security precautions .", ", 25 , had a goal disallowed for handball in Tuesday 's loss at Sheffield Wednesday , before being shown a red card by for his protests . Blackburn have also been charged with failing to ensure players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion . Akpan and Rovers have until 20 and 21 February respectively to respond . A three-match ban is the standard punishment for a red card for violent conduct . However , it is alleged that 's behaviour constituted violent conduct in circumstances where the standard punishment that would otherwise apply is clearly insufficient . He is currently banned for three matches , including Sunday 's FA Cup tie with Manchester United . In 1998 , then-Sheffield Wednesday striker was banned for 11 games for pushing referee to the ground . Seven years later , Southampton midfielder was suspended for 10 matches after admitting two charges of improper conduct , having pushed referee and attempting to confront another official .", "The 22-year-old joins an impressive list at the Aegon Open on 4-12 June , including , , and British top three , and . reached world number 27 in July 2013 , but has struggled since returning from a serious wrist injury last year . \" I am excited to be returning to Nottingham ,\" said . \" I remember how great the grass courts are there . Preparing well on the grass is key ahead of Wimbledon and Nottingham is the perfect place to start . \" I really enjoy this time of year , to be able to play in front of a home crowd . It is fantastic to see a strong British turnout for the event as the fans always create such a great atmosphere . \"", "A foul smell led residents to the site in March . The government says all the bodies were buried in a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies . But Human Rights Watch says they must check to see if any of the people killed during anti-government protests in January have been buried there . Dozens of demonstrators died in protests over a proposed electoral law change which would have required a national census to be held before the presidential election could take place . The US-based watchdog Human Rights Watch ( HWR ) has said that bodies went missing during the protests and also during government crackdowns on criminal gangs in the capital last year and in 2013 . Human rights workers first became aware of the burial site after residents of Maluku in Kinshasa reported a terrible smell near the local cemetery more than two weeks ago . A woman working in the field then discovered a limb sticking out of the ground . The DR Congo government has said that the bodies were all buried in individual graves on 19 March . A spokesman said on Monday that there would be no exhumations of the bodies .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Toffees will pay about \u00a3 5m compensation for the 53-year-old Dutchman , who leaves Saints after two years in charge . Everton have been without a manager since they sacked just before the end of the 2015-16 season . It is expected 's appointment will be confirmed by Friday . Listen : Saints fans feeling let down by Koeman BBC Radio 5 live 's Football Daily podcast , who has been headhunted by new Everton owner , will sign a deal reported to be worth about \u00a3 6m a year . The former Netherlands international , who is on holiday , will take brother and fitness coach with him to Goodison Park . Saints have finished seventh and sixth under - their best Premier League campaigns . promised Champions League qualification when appointed but Everton finished 11th in 2015-16 , his third year at the club . In April , Saints chairman said discussions with over a new deal were progressing \" in a very good direction \" , but added the club was \" not in any real hurry \" . And last month the former Ajax , PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona defender said he expected to stay with the Saints for the final year of his contract . made more than 763 appearances as a player , scoring 253 goals , and won the 1988 European Championship with the Netherlands . He won the European Cup - now the Champions League - with PSV Eindhoven in 1988 and Barcelona in 1992 , scoring the winner for the latter against Sampdoria at Wembley . He also won four domestic league titles apiece in the Netherlands and Spain . Koeman has since managed Vitesse Arnhem , Ajax , Benfica , PSV , Valencia , AZ Alkmaar , Feyenoord and Southampton . He has won the Dutch league with both Ajax and PSV . Reaction Former Southampton and England forward said he was \" disappointed \" and \" quite surprised \" at 's decision to leave , particularly with Saints playing in the Europa League next season . \" He may feel he has got a better chance of winning trophies at Everton . I 'd be of a slightly different opinion ,\" told BBC Sport . \" I understand they 've got a new owner and want to splash a bit of cash , but it might not be as easy a job as he thinks . \" Most clubs in the Premier League are pretty wealthy now and can compete in the transfer market . We just have to move on and look to the next man to take us forward again . \" The players' loyalty lies with the football club and hopefully they will kick us on again next season . \"", "The problem is that so many of the initiatives and ideas sold to the country as ground-breaking prove to be business as usual . So the Communities Secretary went out of his way to sound no-nonsense and tough today . He accused some English councils of \" fudging \" the numbers on housing need in their area and warned them that he was not going to allow that to happen anymore . But the response to the government 's proposals has been decidedly mixed . Labour 's shadow housing minister described them as \" feeble beyond belief \" . \" Re-treading old ground \" was how the National Association of Commercial Finance Brokers described the White Paper . \" Kicking the can down the road ,\" one big investment fund said . The chief executive of the housebuilder Inland Homes , , bemoaned the failure to relax rules on green belt development . \" Brownfield in itself ca n't possibly sustain the long-term housing requirements of the UK ,\" he said . \" It can go an awful long way but there needs to be a relaxation of some green belt to enable us to deliver the numbers that we are required to do . \" The White Paper does include measures to encourage developers , housing associations and councils to build more affordable homes more quickly , both to rent and to buy . But this government seems to speak with two voices on housing : the communities department wants to shift the balance of power firmly towards new development in places people want to live , but Number 10 and some influential Tory backbenchers are sympathetic to the passionate concerns of those who wish to protect the countryside and particularly the green belt . The real question that lies behind all the rhetoric and policy bullet-points is whether the balance of power between development and local opposition has fundamentally changed . Ministers now accept England needs 250,000 new homes every year , they have described the housing market as \" broken \" and they agree that radical change is the only way to mend it . But many have yet to be convinced that this White Paper amounts to a \" realistic plan \" to achieve that .", ", 18 , from Bellshill , was last seen on Friday 3 June and reported missing by his family two days later . Police said the body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive , Motherwell , had yet to be formally identified but was believed to be Mr . A post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause of death , which is not being treated as suspicious .", "The Barcelona striker is ahead of team-mate , who is valued by academics at \u00a3 149m . The only England players in the top 10 are Tottenham duo ( worth \u00a3 122m ) and (\u00a3 96m ) . , who joined Manchester United for a record \u00a3 89m in the summer , is worth \u00a3 136.4m . The study has been carried out by a team of academics from the CIES Football Observatory , using a transfer value algorithm . They have calculated the value using criteria that includes player performance and characteristics , such as age and length of contract . , the Ballon d'Or winner and Fifa 's world 's best player , is seventh on the list at \u00a3 111m , with Real Madrid team-mate 14th and valued at \u00a3 73.8m , less than the \u00a3 85.3m he cost the La Liga side in 2013 . is the only player in the top five not based in Spain , with Atletico Madrid 's third at \u00a3 132m and Barcelona 's fifth (\u00a3 127m ) . There are 42 Premier League players in the top 100 including Chelsea 's (\u00a3 89m ) , Manchester United 's (\u00a3 81m ) , Manchester City 's (\u00a3 75m ) and Leicester City 's (\u00a3 45m ) . West Ham midfielder makes the list at 100 , with a value of \u00a3 31m .", ", the West Midlands Deputy PCC , was suspended after visiting a murder victim 's family without informing officers . Following a disciplinary in May 2016 , Ms had an employment tribunal listed to take place in May 2017 . A joint statement said \" all outstanding matters \" were resolved . A BBC source said Ms Mosquito had received a payout . The Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner said it would not comment on whether money had exchanged hands . Allegations against Ms related to a visit she paid to the family of , 18 , who was shot dead in a car in Birmingham , on 17 March 2016 . Police and Crime Commissioner said her actions \" caused ongoing upset and distress \" and \" damaged the relationship \" between the family and police \" in the middle of a complex and sensitive murder investigation \" . Her supporters insisted she visited as an ordained minister who wanted to offer condolences to relatives . Her union Unite rejected the allegations , saying it was \" deplorable \" the hearing went ahead in 's absence . She was issued with a final written warning and her contract was never renewed . The BBC previously reported Ms wrote a letter of complaint about the PCC 's behaviour towards her , of which the PCC was aware , four weeks before her suspension . A joint statement issued by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) and Ms Mosquito said they were \" happy to announce that they have amicably settled all outstanding matters between them \" . \" Litigation is a stressful business and the parties acknowledge and regret the effects that inevitably follow from that ,\" it added . The former colleagues thanked each other for their work around issues of equality , the statement added .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Winger also netted as Northern Ireland recovered from their opening defeat by Poland to remain in contention for a place in the last 16 . \" People had written us off , nobody gave us a chance ,\" said defender . \" It 's a very special moment . \" We were n't at it against Poland and we wanted to put it right . \" Media playback is not supported on this device The 36-year-old West Brom player became the second-oldest goalscorer at a European Championship by putting Northern Ireland ahead with a 49th-minute header , before substitute added the second in injury time . It was Northern Ireland 's first victory at a major tournament finals in 34 years - since beating hosts Spain at the 1982 World Cup - and the result means side can still progress as a best third-placed team at least . They face Germany in their final Group C game and , with Ukraine having been eliminated , Northern Ireland will qualify for the knockout stages with a win in Paris on Tuesday . \" We let ourselves down against Poland in terms of the intensity we wanted to play at so we had a point to prove to ourselves ,\" said . \" It was a wonderful team performance and we are delighted for everyone , especially the supporters . \" We have something to play for in our last game against Germany , which is what we wanted . We can take a lot of confidence into that game . \" Media playback is not supported on this device made five changes for his side 's second group game , including leaving striker on the bench , and the Northern Ireland boss acknowledge it was a gamble . \" There was some risk attached to changing the team but it was a fantastic performance from the entire side ,\" said the 46-year-old . \" I could n't have asked any more . The players gave every last ounce of passion and energy and the supporters were magnificent - everything that is good about Northern Ireland was in that stadium . \" We have given ourselves a great chance of finishing third and we will try to nick a point , maybe more , against the Germans . \" I 'll let the players enjoy this and then our minds will switch to Germany . We wo n't underestimate them . \"", "said she did not know at first whether her father was going to survive the stabbing at their home in Stourbridge on 30 March . She said looking after him was a \" massive relief and an opportunity I did n't think I was going to have \" . \" I will miss them both so much ,\" the 18-year-old added . , 23 , of no fixed address , has been charged with their murders and with the attempted murder of Mr . , who was at university at the time 50-year-old and 13-year-old were stabbed , spoke of her devastation . Mrs was pronounced dead at the scene . died in hospital after paramedics battled to save him . \" For me especially it is a case of taking every day as it comes and counting your blessings and using the support around , definitely . \" For more on this and other Birmingham and Black Country news She paid tribute to staff at Birmingham 's Queen Elizabeth hospital who saved her father . had been planning to collect from school the next day . \" I still ca n't believe that I will never see him again or pick him up from school on that Friday like I promised to do ,\" she said . \" He was just so bubbly and full of life and he really did light up a room with his mannerisms and impressions . \" Mr , who spent six days in intensive care , said he was \" on the mend \" . He suffered facial lacerations , \" dozens of deep stab wounds and almost 100 stitches \" . \" It will take some time but obviously the emotional pain will take forever ,\" he said . Mr said : \" I did n't find out until I woke up in intensive care that had not made it . It was devastating . Absolutely devastating . \" He added his wife had been a \" fantastic mum \" and a compassionate , kind person . \" \" She was just beautiful , she was our angel ,\" he said .", "Students said the error meant there were two possible correct answers to the multiple choice questions . Officials have said they will accept two answers as correct in each case , and the head of the national exam board has offered to resign . The annual test determines the academic futures of high school students . South Korean media said the mistake would affect the test scores of about 3,600-4,000 students . \" I express deep regret and recognise an urgent need to improve the question-making process ,\" Education Minister said in a statement broadcast on television . \" We will investigate the root cause of the problem ,\" Mr said . About 640,000 students sat the nine-hour standardised test , called the College Scholastic Ability Test , on 13 November at 1,216 testing sites across the country , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said . Many students engage in intense studying for years in preparation for the exam , often with the involvement of their parents in what is an extremely competitive academic environment . A good score would mean a spot in one of South Korea 's top universities . The suspect multiple-choice questions , one in the biology exam and one in the English language paper , sparked an uproar with parents and students complaining to the website of the Korea Institute for Curriculum and Evaluation ( KICE ) which administers the exam . Last year 's exam was also controversial because of a mistake in one of the questions in the world geology section . After a year-long legal battle , Seoul High Court ruled in favour of four students who said the question was flawed . \" We did our best this year to prevent erroneous questions ... but again there were faulty questions , causing chaos and inconvenience among exam takers , their parents and teachers ,\" said , head of KICE .", "Gloucester have played away from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007 . In September , planning permission was approved to permit initial work on building a new ground for Gloucester . The University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds , who are in the third tier of rugby league , currently play in Cheltenham but want a permanent home . All Golds president told BBC Radio Gloucestershire : \" We have met with those who own the club . \" We can see that it makes considerable sense . We will need to have more meetings . \" We are a long way from getting over the line on this , but watch this space . We are constantly seeking our own permanent base for the club . \" Rugby league and football are very good friends throughout the land . It would be a very significant partnership if it happened . \"", "In July , , who is from south Armagh , claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning his father . It followed an interview in which he called for Mr to \" reach out beyond his comfort zone \" . A spokesman for Mr said at the time that it was \" untrue \" . The St Helens MP told BBC Radio Four 's Westminster Hour : \" The modus operandi that he ( Mr ) and the people around him were trying to do , involving my family , was to isolate and ostracise me from them and from the community I am very proud to come from - which is an Irish , nationalist community in south Armagh . \" The MP claimed that after he spoke out about Mr in May , he got a call from the Labour whips' office saying the party leader had initially asked for his resignation and then considered sacking him . But subsequently , through his spokesman , he had asked for an apology and retraction , which Mr refused to make . The MP said he then texted the Labour leader to make clear no offence was intended and reiterate that their friendship was important to him and asking for a meeting . He received no response , but said he was then informed by the whips' office that Mr had proposed asking the MP 's father , , to intervene . was Sinn F\u00e9in councillor in Newry for many years , serving as the council 's mayor between 2005 and 2006 .", "and are among eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic Games to be involved , along with Dutch road race silver medallist . , who won team pursuit gold with GB in Rio and was third in the 2015 Tour of Britain , will also race . The eight-day event concludes in London on 11 September . \" The field for this year 's Tour of Britain is without parallel , with star quality wherever you look among the teams ,\" said race director . Thirty-time Tour de France stage winner will make his first appearance since winning omnium silver at the Olympics , in a field that also features omnium gold medallist and Team Sky rider of Italy , as well as the Manxman 's sprint rival of Germany . is joined by as former Tour of Britain winners in the field . A total of 21 teams will take part , including 11 UCI World Tour outfits , the highest number to have competed in Britain since the 2014 Tour de France Grand Depart . Seven British teams will compete , led by Team Sky and also including and a Great Britain national team . The rider list also includes six current national road race champions , led by British champion , who will ride for Great Britain . There are also six national time trial champions , including former UCI world hour record holders and and three-time world time trial champion .", "worked for Wessex Heartbeat , which supports the cardiac centre at Southampton General Hospital . The 40-year-old , of Breadels Field , Basingstoke , pleaded guilty to four offences of fraud and money laundering . However , he denied four other charges of money laundering . The Crown Prosecution Service will now decide whether he should face trial . A decision is due within the next 14 days . The fraud was uncovered when a new chief executive took over at the charity and became suspicious after asking Chigunwe for financial information . The chief executive 's wife - an accounts expert - was asked to look at the records and discovered the fraud .", "The victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an upper-caste girl about a month ago . She has alleged that police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon . The incident took place in Mulgaon village on Monday afternoon but reports of the atrocity have just come out . The village in Satara district falls in the constituency of the state 's Chief Minister . \" The women pushed me to the ground , took off my sari and started beating me up with chappals [ slipper ] and a stick . They pulled my hair ,\" the victim told a television channel . She said the beatings continued for two hours . On Wednesday , police arrested five people , including the eloped girl 's parents . Dalits , formerly known as \" untouchables \" , are at the bottom of the Hindu caste system in India . Although caste discrimination is illegal , biases remain in many areas .", "The company is in talks with several Japanese lenders over money it needs to reorganise its business in the wake of a massive accounting scandal . The embattled electronics giant is hoping for loans of up to 250bn yen ($ 2.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 1.6bn ) , said Nikkei daily . Toshiba confirmed it was in talks but said the details had not been decided . The Nikkei daily said Sumitomo Mitsui Banking , Mizuho Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank were like to provide the funds as early as this month . The funds are vital for the survival of the Japanese conglomerate as it streamlines its bloated businesses , whose poor performances had gone unnoticed during almost a decade of false accounting . The restructuring comes after the company admitted in 2015 it had overstated its profits by $ 1.3bn over seven years . As part of the efforts to balance its books , the firm has announced major job cuts and the selling of several plants and units to external investors . Toshiba currently employs almost 200,000 people . Its shares have lost about 40 % of their value since April last year , when news of the profit overstatement began to emerge . In July , its chief executive , president and six other high-level executives resigned from the company . Toshiba , which is involved in a wide-range of industries from electronics to nuclear energy , was founded in 1875 and launched the world 's first mass-market laptop in 1985 .", "Set 284 for victory , England reached 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah - their record fourth-innings run chase in Asia is 209 in 2010 . said : \" We 'd happily lose 2-0 trying to chase the total . \" We know it is going to turn and they have got some world-class spinners , so we are going to have to bat very well . \" He added : \" We have got some world-class batsman in our line-up . They are going to have to pull their fingers out and bat really well . \" hit 151 as Pakistan - 146-3 overnight - were bowled out for 355 in their second innings . missed a stumping off in the first over of day four with on 97 , and the opener was dropped by on 113 . England lost for 22 and for a duck in the space of 13 balls before the close . , who hit an unbeaten century when England successfully chased 209 to beat Bangladesh by nine wickets at Dhaka in 2010 , will resume on 17 and six on Thursday . \" Hopefully , we can get a couple of big partnerships and a couple of big individual scores ,\" added , who took 2-52 . \" We are going to have to bat the whole day to win or draw . \" \" England are not totally out of it but their chances have gone from one in six to one in 15 or 20 ,\" former England batsman told BBC Test Match Special . \" and are quality players but they did n't look at ease . If they go it is all over . \" Former England captain added : \" It 's been a tough day for England . 's innings could be the difference . \" Pakistan are favourites but you just never know if England can get one player to 100 . There 's a 15 % chance of an England win . \" Listen to 's review of each day 's play on the TMS podcast Listen to commentary highlights from the series on Pint-Sized TMS", "says indicated to his players at the outset of the trip of Australia who would be selected for the Test matches . He says that meant his compatriot \" lost half the team on day one \" . \" The players knew straight away what was the Test side and who was making up the numbers ,\" said the New Zealander . , who on Wednesday named his side to face the Provincial Barbarians in the tour opener on Saturday , says each of his 41-man squad is in contention to face the All Blacks . \" Keeping harmony in the squad is paramount ,\" he said . \" It 's about giving everyone an opportunity . \" It 's important these guys feel like they are putting themselves in the shop window and have a chance to prove themselves , and with a little bit of luck are in contention for the Tests . Media playback is not supported on this device and appear to be in competition for the fly-half spot after reiterated he sees the Englishman as a \" world-class 10 \" , rather than a centre . Irishman starts on Saturday , with on the bench . \" The players are pretty aware about the competition in that position ,\" said . \" gets a start on Saturday , and the other two [ and ] will get a start in the next two games . \" 's son will start for the Provincial Barbarians at fly-half . \" I spoke to last night and he 's enjoying the week ,\" said . \" We 'll catch up tomorrow , and he 'll expect to have to make a few tackles on the weekend . \" We have n't spoken too much about the game but he 's excited about the opportunity . \"", "The 24-year-old , who played 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock last season , will compete with . started his career at Watford and played 51 games in three seasons at MK Dons after a loan at Brentford . He joins new faces , , , , , and at Ibrox . Rangers paid an undisclosed fee for , who was part of Northern Ireland 's squad at Euro 2016 , but did not feature in any of their four matches .", "Those selling the illicit weapons often disassembled and sent them in different packages or embedded them in old stereos or printers , the report found . Researchers found that firearms and related goods generated 136 sales per month and a monthly revenue of $ 80,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 62,000 ) . The firearms trade has gained attention following recent terrorist attacks . The dark net is a part of the internet that requires specific software to access , in order for users to remain anonymous . While the trade was unlikely to fuel large-scale terrorist operations , it had the potential to become the platform of choice for \" lone-wolf \" terrorists to obtain weapons and ammunition , the report said . Non-profit organisation Rand Corporation Europe , working with Manchester University , found 52 unique vendors selling weapons or similar items such as ammunition , explosives , or components such as silencers across 811 listings and 18 markets . Police believe the 2016 Munich shooting , which left nine people dead , used weapons purchased on the dark net . Lead author of the research , , said : \" Recent high-profile cases have shown that the threat posed by individuals or small groups obtaining weapons illegally from the dark web is real . \" The ability to not only arm criminals and terrorists , who can make virtually anonymous purchases , but also vulnerable and fixated individuals is perhaps the most dangerous aspect . \" Guns account for less than 1 % of items sold on the platform , with its main trade being in narcotics . Nevertheless , the volume being sold \" can be considered sufficiently high to be a cause of concern for policy makers and law enforcement agencies \" , said the report . The study involved collecting data from 12 dark net marketplaces during a week in September 2016 . Most of those selling guns were based in the US , but Europe was the most popular destination for the weapons they sold . , co-investigator on the study , said : \" In very simple terms , anyone can connect to the dark web and within minutes have access to a variety of vendors offering their products , which are most often illegal . \" The dark web enables illegal trade at a global level , removing some of the geographical barriers between vendors and buyers , while increasing the personal safety of both buyers and sellers through a series of anonymising features that obscure their identities . \"", "The comedian and actor has been married to for 19 years . A statement issued through his lawyer confirmed the split : \" has filed for divorce from his wife , . \" This is a personal matter and requests privacy as he and work through this process and focus on their family . \" The couple have two children together , daughters , , 12 , and , 10 . once joked during a routine : \" Relationships are hard , man . In order for any relationship to work both of you have to be on the same page . \" You both have to have the same focus . And that focus is ... it 's all about her . \" made his name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s . The 49-year-old then went onto forge a successful TV career before appearing in films like Dr and Madagascar . In his latest film , Top Five , plays a comedian who is persuaded into having his upcoming wedding screened as part of a reality TV show . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", ", of Ipswich , used to weigh 70 stone ( 440kg ) but has lost more than 40 stone ( 254kg ) with the help of gastric band surgery . He hopes the procedures in New York will help shed seven stone ( 44kg ) . His visa application had been delayed due to a previous criminal conviction . Mr still needs to raise about \u00c2 \u00a3 7,000 towards surgery-related costs . He was in the US in December for a consultation with Dr , who offered to remove his excess skin for free after hearing that the NHS would not perform the operations as quickly as Mr hoped . However , his plans to make a quick return to the country were delayed when his visa application was referred to Homeland Security in March , because of a conviction for fraud in 1986 . He has now received his visa and had been due to have surgery on 20 October . But this has been postponed as he needs to raise $ 12,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 7,400 ) to cover the post-surgery costs , which include accommodation and medicine . He is due to fly out later this week . Last time he was in the US he appeared on The View TV programme , where he accepted a marriage proposal from his girlfriend , , who lives in Massachusetts .", "In a study on mice , Hsp90 inhibitors were found to strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments . This makes the drugs particularly promising for treating drug-resistant cancers , the research team said . Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK . About one in eight men will get prostate cancer at some point in their lives . It mainly affects men over the age of 50 . The cancer can sometimes be treated successfully with hormone treatments , which target androgen receptors linked to the growth of male hormones called androgens . But some prostate cancers do n't work that way . Instead they create an abnormal form of androgen receptor which is not linked to the growth of hormones and therefore does not respond to standard hormone treatment . This is the most common form of resistance in prostate cancer which leads to aggressive , difficult-to-treat cancers . The latest research , published in the journal Cancer Research , found that a new class of drugs reduced production of both receptors . Professor , study author and chief executive of the Institute of Cancer Research , said it was an exciting discovery . \" We call Hsp90 inhibitors ' network drugs' because they tackle several of the signals that are hijacked in cancer all at once , across a network rather than just a single signalling pathway . \" These drugs can hit cancer harder than those targeting only one protein , and look promising for preventing or overcoming drug resistance . \" Prof Workman said the next step was to test the Hsp90 inhibitors in clinical trials on patients with aggressive , drug-resistant prostate cancer . Prof , a professor of experimental cancer medicine at the Institute of Cancer Research , said : \" These drugs are already in clinical trials for several types of cancer , and I am excited that our work suggests they could also benefit men with prostate cancer who have otherwise run out of treatment options . \"", "\" This will give all European Leagues total freedom to schedule their matches as they see fit ,\" said the European Professional Football Leagues group . The agreement ended on 15 March . It had been in place between the EPFL and Uefa to boost attendances and television viewing figures for European matches . Arsenal 's FA Cup replay against Hull City in March 2016 was given special dispensation to be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16 . Manchester City hosted Stoke City in a rearranged Premier League fixture last month on the same night as the Champions League last-16 ties between Barcelona and Paris St-Germain , and Borussia Dortmund and Benfica . The Premier League said the scheduling of the match on Wednesday , 8 March was \" unavoidable \" , it was reported . It was also reported in April 2013 that the Football Association was fined \u00a3 1.1m for allowing domestic matches to be played on the same night as European games . The EPFL said it will hold a general assembly of its member leagues in Geneva on 6 June .", "The 19-year-old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday . Officers cordoned off an area of the park as part of their investigation , and were believed to be following a positive line of inquiry . Anyone with information was asked to contact Police Scotland .", "and assistant manager will take charge of Saturday 's match against Bournemouth after 's sacking . Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon as possible , with ex-Derby manager the first choice . \" We 've got to go with somebody who will to get us out of trouble ,\" he said . \" If we were to go down - and there 's obviously that possibility - you look at the Championship and it seems to have got a lot stronger . It 's not a foregone conclusion [ to go straight back up ] . \" I know Norwich and Burnley have done it but it 's difficult . Newcastle look like they 'll do it but they 're a big , powerful club who can hang on to a lot of their top players . I 'm not sure we 'd be able to do that . \" If we go down , it 's going to be tough to get back . \" Swansea were promoted to the Premier League in 2011 and quickly established a reputation as a well-run club with a team that played exciting , possession-based football . Their promotion capped a remarkable rise from the brink of bankruptcy a decade earlier and almost being relegated out of the Football League altogether in 2003 . - a former player who was at the club throughout their rise up the divisions - believes the Swans have not been the same since left in 2014 . \" I think we have [ lost our way ] . It 's just the change of management all the time ,\" added . \" The best eras were , and . But we 've probably lost a bit of the ' Swansea Way ' . It has been diluted . \" We 've lost quite a few players too but have we adequately replaced them ? \" Media playback is not supported on this device believes the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay up , and the 62-year-old reminds every new signing of how far the club has come . \" I know a lot of the foreign boys have seen [ the documentary ] to a King . So they 've got a brief history of where we were and where we are now ,\" he said . \" They might not be 100 % passionate about it but they know where we came from and how important it is [ to stay up ] . Not just for the club but for the whole area . \"", "Data shows that the total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12 % on the previous year 's figures . Graduates start repaying their debt once their income reaches \u00a3 21,000 but after 30 years outstanding debt is written off . For those repaying loans in 2017 the average sum owed at the start of repayment was \u00a3 19,280 . That compares with \u00a3 32,220 for English students , \u00a3 20,990 for Northern Irish students and \u00a3 11,740 for Scottish students who do not pay fees if they study in Scotland . The figures come from the Student Loans Company and cover 2016 / 17 . Welsh domiciled students have been able to claim a grant towards their tuition fees since 2012-13 - a sum of \u00a3 4,954 in 2017-18 . But the grants are due to be scrapped from 2018-19 with help for maintenance costs introduced instead , under plans unveiled last year . At the end of 2016-17 there were 304,900 borrowers of higher education student loans in Wales , with 191,100 liable for repayment . As of the end of April 2017 there are 41,430 borrowers who had fully repaid , amounting to 16.4 % of the overall total . The data covers Welsh domiciled students studying in higher education in the UK and EU students studying in Wales .", "The unnamed man was stopped at Turin Airport wearing a pilot 's uniform and using forged ID cards , police said . He was charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation . The suspect led police to a garage containing neatly pressed white shirts with epaulets , black trousers and jackets , like those worn by pilots . No motive for the man 's actions was reported immediately . Police have established he sat as \" third pilot \" in the cockpit of an Air Dolomiti plane which flew from Munich to Turin in April . He did not touch the controls , however . Air Dolomiti is part of the German airline Lufthansa , which gave no details when approached by the Associated Press news agency but insisted he could not have boarded the plane without a ticket . Investigators are now trying to establish if the man flew on other planes . Police had long been investigating the suspect , who had allegedly created a fake identity as a Lufthansa pilot named , complete with a Facebook page which included fake flight attendant friends . They said they had been alerted several months ago after he introduced himself as a captain to a civil aviation lieutenant , who became suspicious because he seemed too young for the job . Police tracked him down from photos on his Facebook profile , in which he is apparently shown posing in uniform and sunglasses in front of planes . Officers approached him in a bar outside Turin Airport 's check-in area , dressed in a pilot 's uniform with no company logo on it , and sipping coffee . In the garage , officers also found fake IDs and fake flight theory manuals , the Italian news agency Ansa reports . \" On at least one occasion in 2012 , pretending to be a pilot of a foreign commercial airline , and with a fake name , he succeeded in flying as the third pilot in the cockpit ,\" police said in a statement . According to Ansa , a flight took place on 6 April . In addition , a profile on a website where users can track their flights also shows a \" \" flying from Munich Airport to Turin on 23 October last year . The case has echoes of the 2002 Hollywood film Catch Me If You Can , in which played , a real-life con-man who flew as a fake Pan American pilot in the 1960s . Sirlo is the name of a flight corridor over Turin .", "The UK must go further to ensure those settling learn English \" so they can be more integrated into our country \" . Asked about the issue at Prime Minister 's Questions , Mr said the last government had made progress on the issue , but more had to be done . He agreed parents should be responsible for making sure children speak English . Conservative MP for asked if the PM agreed that there was \" a responsibility and an obligation \" on parents to make sure their children can speak English when they start school . Mr replied : \" I completely agree ... in too many cases this is n't happening . \" Since last autumn , people from outside the EU applying for a visa to join their spouse or partner now have to prove they have a basic command of English before their application is approved . Previously , visa applicants had to show only that their marriage or partnership was genuine and that they could financially support themselves . The prime minister told the Commons : \" The last government did make some progress on making sure people learnt English when they came to our country , I think we need to go further . \" If you look at the figures for the number of people who are brought over as husbands and wives , particularly from the Indian sub-continent , we should be putting in place - and we will be putting in place - tougher rules to make sure they do learn English and so when they come , if they come , they can be more integrated into our country . \" The weekly session of Prime Minister 's Questions was dominated by foreign affairs with Labour leader focusing all his six questions on events in Egypt and the UK 's mission in Afghanistan . Mr , who visited Afghanistan for the first time as Labour leader last week , paid an extended tribute to soldiers' work there , acknowledged the difference in the Commons session from the normal political point scoring . Mr welcomed the opportunity to have a \" serious conversation \" about the work of British soldiers in Afghanistan , saying they wanted politicians to discuss their efforts , although he also noted many MPs often \" preferred a bunfight \" about domestic issues .", "The Joseph Rowntree Foundation said the number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013 . Chief executive said action to help pensioners was balanced by a \" worrying rise \" in working people struggling to \" make ends meet \" . The UK government said its plan for a national living wage would help people . \" Work is the best route out of poverty and employment in Wales is at record levels ,\" a spokesman said . A Welsh government spokesman added : \" Despite recent improvements to the Welsh economy , we do , however , recognise in-work poverty is a growing issue and are working hard to support low-income households and deliver more well-paid jobs for the Welsh economy . \" We are helping more adults access full-time employment , supporting second-earners into work and are also improving people 's skills to enable them to progress in the workplace . \" People are classed as being in poverty if their household earns or receives less than 60 % of the national average income of around \u00c2 \u00a3 450 a week , adjusted for family size .", "Correspondents said the atmosphere at schools was subdued and many pupils had not returned . They said parents had been taken by surprise by the government 's decision to reopen schools with only four days' notice and many were not prepared . More than 8,400 people have died in West Africa in the world 's worst outbreak of the Ebola virus . The reopening of schools in Guinea comes four days after the UN said the number of confirmed Ebola cases in the country had fallen to its lowest weekly total since August . At one school in the Guinean capital , Conakry , only about 220 of the approximately 2,000 pupils were reported to have returned . Of the 36 teachers , more than half were back at work . Many schools have introduced health precautions , including hand-washing and temperature checks . Ebola has had a severe impact not only on public health but also on the Guinean economy . Unemployment and underemployment have risen , leaving many parents with difficulties meeting school-related expenses at the beginning of a new academic year . Schools remain closed in Sierra Leone and Liberia , the two other countries hit hard by the Ebola outbreak . Earlier this month , the outgoing head of the UN team fighting Ebola , , said he believed cases of the virus would be brought down to zero by the end of 2015 .", "Seventeen-year-old was pregnant when she was murdered in Omagh in 1998 by . He was sentenced to life , but has been taking part in a pre-release scheme . The prison service said the Victim Information Scheme ( PRVIS ) gives victims an opportunity to provide and receive information about prisoners . went missing in April 1998 . Her body parts were found under the foundations of a partially-built house eight weeks later . Sentencing in 2000 , the judge described him as \" thoroughly evil \" . He said : \" The manner in which her body was disposed of after her murder is surely the most gruesome . \" I am satisfied that you , , not only deliberately killed this young girl but that you planned that killing and carried it out in circumstances so squalid that they would revolt any right-thinking person . \" Her sister , , told BBC Radio Foyle she was contacted by someone who had spotted the killer painting a fence . \" Even though we knew the time was coming we are angry and fearful ,\" she said . \" They need to let us know when he is due for his official release - it 's important for us to know when this evil person will be free to walk the streets . \" Miss said she believes is \" capable of anything \" and should never be freed . \" He took her into his flat , he tied her up in a bed and put a blindfold over her eyes and covered her mouth with tape ,\" Ms said . \" He injected her with insulin and when she passed away he put her in the attic and then took her down and put her in the bath to cut her up . \" \" You never can come to terms with what happened , we 're learning to live with it but we 'll never , ever get over it . \" In a statement , the prison service said those who register with the Victim Information Scheme will get details about a person convicted of a crime against them . They will receive details about any temporary release a prisoner is granted , the month and year in which a prisoner is expected to be released , any conditions of the prisoner 's release and any breaches of those conditions which result in the prisoner 's return to custody . In the case of life-sentence prisoners , the victim can obtain information about the minimum number of years the life prisoner must serve , when the life prisoner is being considered for release and have the opportunity to give views when the prisoner is considered for final release .", "The Aberdeenshire-based company said there had been an \" unprecedented response \" to its Equity for Punks USA crowdfunding initiative . BrewDog hopes to raise up to $ 50m within six months to help fund expansion in North America . Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus , Ohio . It is scheduled to open later this year . Shares in the funding round cost $ 47.50 each , with a minimum investment of $ 95 . According to BrewDog , more than 1,200 people have already signed up to the scheme . On its website , the company said : \" This unprecedented response to our first crowdfunding round in the States shows the demand for our beer in America , and sets us up with a community of like-minded individuals ready and waiting to help us make our US business an explosive success . \" Its Equity for Punks USA investment scheme is the fifth fundraising venture by the brewery , and its first in the US . The Ellon-based company has raised more than \u00a3 26m since launching its first Equity for Punks crowdfunding round in 2009 . Its last UK round raised \u00a3 19m to fund growth plans , including expanding its brewery in Ellon and opening new bars . The round , which closed in April , fell short of its \u00a3 25m target . BrewDog 's British business now employs more than 600 people globally and exports to 55 countries . It also operates more than 40 bars in the UK and overseas .", "Unions had won backing for strike action after the firm proposed closing the final salary scheme , which Tata claimed was facing a \u00c2 \u00a3 2bn deficit . Workers have now agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining open . A proposed national strike scheduled for 22 June was suspended following talks at the arbitration service Acas . Neither the unions nor Tata have given any details of the changes . In a statement Tata Steel said the new proposal was \" a fair and balanced solution \" . The firm added ; \" The new arrangements , including the modifications to scheme benefits , will address a significant proportion of the pension scheme 's projected deficit . \" Other actions to be agreed with the pension Trustee will address the balance . \" , general secretary of Community , one of the four unions involved in the dispute , said the UK steel industry was still facing \" challenges \" . \" It was apparent during this dispute that the company was not listening to the concerns of its workforce , which led to a serious breakdown in trust and confidence ,\" he said . \" All unions have already begun a dialogue with the company to address these issues . \" Tata Steel employs more than 17,000 people in its UK operation . It has sites in Corby , Hartlepool , Rotherham , Scunthorpe , Teesside and York as well as plants in Port Talbot , Newport , Flintshire and Carmarthenshire .", "The German investment firm , JAB Holding will pay a 78 % premium to Friday 's closing price to buy the company . JAB is offering $ 92 a share . While more than Friday 's price , it 's a discount to the $ 157 share price high the company enjoyed in November 2014 . The deal will make JAB the biggest player in the North American single-serve coffee pod market . \" Keurig Green Mountain represents a major step forward in the creation of our global coffee platform ,\" said JAB chairman , in a statement . JAB has invested heavily in the US coffee market . It bought Caribou Coffee Co and Peet 's Coffee & Tea in 2012 and formed a joint venture between coffeemakers DE Master Blenders and Mondelez International in July . Keurig will continue to operate as an independent company after the purchase . Coca-Cola - Keurig 's biggest investors - voiced its support for the deal in a statement . Coca-Cola will take a 17.4 % stake in the new private company . \" We have enjoyed a strong partnership with Keurig Green Mountain , and will continue our collaboration with JAB in order to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the single-serve , pod-based segment of the cold beverage industry ,\" said , Coca-Cola 's chief executive . Despite the higher cost of a single-serve coffee pod compared to a cup of filter coffee , the popularity of the machines continues to grow globally . According to Euromonitor International over the next three to five years , sales of single serve coffee pods are expected to grow by 5 % in the US , 10 % in Canada and 8 % in Mexico . The research firm said the coffee pod business already accounts for 40 % of the $ 15bn global coffee market . The business is not without its critics . The plastic pods have been criticised for increasing the amount of waste in landfills In March the creator of the K-cups , , told The Atlantic magazine he did not use the machine and acknowledged their cost and impact on the environment . \" I feel bad sometimes that I ever did it ,\" told the magazine .", "In a bid to promote password security , Strathclyde University produced a poster saying : \" Bet wishes she 'd used a StR0nG _ Pas5w0Rd %.\" The image attracted criticism on social media , with the Glasgow-based university accused of \" victim blaming \" . The university said the poster had been removed and should not have been made . An image of the poster was tweeted on Monday by who said : \" Pretty shocking victim blaming here . Will you take it down ? \" A short time later , Strathclyde University tweeted : \" The posters are being removed now . They should not have produced and we are looking into how this happened . \" A spokesman for the university later said : \" The posters are in bad taste and have now been removed from campus . The sentiment expressed is not consistent with the values of this university . \" Dozens of private pictures of Hunger Games actress were released on the internet in September . Other celebrities targeted in the leaks included , , and . It is thought the photos were taken off the stars' iCloud accounts and were shared on other websites .", "The victim , named by police as , 22 , was found collapsed in Barnet on Tuesday afternoon . Mr , who was found at the junction of Woodside Grange Road and Grangeway , was treated by paramedics for a single stab wound but died soon after arriving at hospital . Police have launched a murder inquiry and have appealed for witnesses to come forward . No arrests have been made . Det Insp said : \" We know that the victim had driven to Woodside Grange Road with one of his friends and met up with another friend , who had also driven there . \" At some stage , the victim interacted with a group of up to four suspects , during that interaction we believe he was stabbed . \" The group of suspects then ran off down Grangeway and into an alleyway that leads on to Woodside Avenue . \" The victim 's friend said : \" I 'm shocked ... I had to call 10 people to confirm because it was just unreal . \" He did n't deserve it at all , he was n't that sort of a person where he hangs around with the wrong crowd or anything like that . \" He was a happy guy , the sort of guy that comes into a group and makes everyone laugh . I am heartbroken . \" Officers are carrying out a forensic search in the area .", "Chiefs , third in the Premiership , had only four players included in squads for this year 's Six Nations . That compares to the seven players called up from each of leaders Wasps , second-placed Saracens and fourth-placed Bath 's squads . Asked if that was a surprise , replied : \" not particularly \" . \" You 've got to understand that although we 've finished the end of the season very well and we had guys away on Saxons duty and other internationals , we actually did n't start this season very well ,\" he told BBC Radio Devon . \" We were n't performing either as a team or individually at the intensity that you need to to demand an international selection . \" I think is getting close now , you can see the level of his performances the last month or so have been fantastic , and I think [ ] is very close . \" But overall if we want to drive our players into the international setups we have to perform at a very high intensity and as individuals they have to perform at a very high intensity . \"", "Penglais Farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms , but only 700 will be ready this month to welcome students . The university said developer confirmed the remaining 300 rooms will be ready during the 2015-16 academic year . has been asked to comment . The unfinished rooms have not been let to students .", "Paw Patrol 's and did not appear at a Christmas lights switch on in Londonderry on Thursday night . Derry City and Strabane District Council has since apologised . Broadcaster Nickelodeon said they had not \" organised or authorised \" the use of the characters at the event . Nickleodeon 's said there are no official PAW Patrol appearances anywhere in the UK or Ireland at present . The character 's appearance had featured prominently on pre-event promotion . Derry City and Strabane District Council marketing officer said every effort was made to secure and , and that the council was \" sorry to disappoint people \" . She added : \" We were contacted very late in the day by the official licensee in America to say that the company we were using did not have the appropriate licences . \" We tried our best to resolve it in time - unfortunately it did n't work out - and are really , really disappointed \" . Strabane 's Christmas lights will be switched on on Saturday but and will not be there . They had been due to share top billing with Santa Claus . Despite the PAW Patrol no show , thousands gathered in Londonderry 's Guildhall Square and Waterloo Street for Thursday night 's switch on .", "The ex-Villa player and Nottingham Forest boss , 51 , quit his role as 's number two prior to Friday 's 1-1 draw between the two sides . \" When I heard was interested he shot to the top of the pile ,\" Villa boss told the club website . \" We interviewed two or three people but once I knew was available there was only one person I wanted here . \" The move to the West Midlands gives , who also previously managed Hibernian and Northampton Town , a shorter daily commuting distance from his Northampton home . Media playback is not supported on this device A Brighton statement released on Friday said , who was placed on gardening leave on 12 November , had left the club for a job \" elsewhere \" . \" We have to move on ,\" added . \" We have a team that is very well drilled at this moment . My main concern is that we have no disruption here . I will think long and hard about bringing someone in that position . \" took over as Villa boss on 12 October , bringing in former Birmingham City player as head coach , having had him as part of his backroom team at Sunderland and Hull City . The club also named as their new chief scout / head of European recruitment . Villa director of football added : \" We are delighted to secure the services of . He is an excellent coach and an outstanding person . \" He has a wealth of experience at the highest level and will be a great addition to our management team . \" Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The team finished second but the final handover between and , 18 , was not completed in time . said : \" Maybe I went early or too hard . It 's disappointing as we could have been in contention in the final . \" \" It looked like went a little bit early . There could have been a situation where was just so amped up and excited by this crowd , this moment and this opportunity that he was running a little bit faster than the mark was made for . \" Favourites Jamaica rested but still won heat one , while , in the second , the United States recorded the fastest overall qualification time . Britain , who won this event at the 2004 Games in Athens , were disqualified in Beijing four years ago and have now made a mess of baton changes in five of the last six major championships . said : \" I do n't know what happened . I just could n't catch . I 'm really gutted and it 's devastating . \" , who ran the first leg for Britain , described the outcome as \" unfortunate \" . He added : \" It 's one of those things that happens but it 's a fantastic performance to run the time we did . has come in at the last moment . This is a big stadium and it can be overwhelming . \"", "A 38-year-old man , who was a back seat car passenger , is in a critical but stable condition in hospital following the B9080 crash at about 22:15 on Wednesday . The injured passenger suffered serious stomach and abdomen injuries . The Vauxhall Zafira was travelling south when it crashed with a First bus between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The driver of the car , a 58-year-old man , suffered spinal injuries and a fractured ankle . The front seat passenger , a 34-year-old man , had injuries to his face and leg . All were admitted to hospital . Three of the bus passengers were treated in hospital for minor injuries . They have all since been discharged . Police said the driver and six other passengers on the single-decker bus were treated at the scene . The bus had 26 people on board . A First Bluebird spokeswoman : \" We can confirm that one of our Service 38 vehicles was involved in a collision yesterday at around 22:15 between Kirkliston and Winchburgh . The bus was travelling to Falkirk from Edinburgh . \" Unfortunately the incident resulted in a number of injuries and our thoughts are with the injured at this time . \" We have launched an investigation to establish exactly what happened and are assisting Police Scotland with their inquiries . \"", ", from Thornliebank , was trapped underneath the forklift when it appeared to hit a kerb , causing it to crash . The incident happened at about 10:30 on Friday as Mr was driving along Glenburn Road in East Kilbride . Emergency services attended but he died at the scene . There were no other vehicles involved . Police Scotland said there were several people around at the time of the crash and officers are appealing to people who were in the area at the time to contact them .", "will make her professional debut in Manchester on Saturday when she fights Argentina 's . \" has a lot of knowledge and one thing I like about him is he knows how to take an Olympic champion and turn them into a pro ,\" said , 34 . \" He did it with [ ] and he 's capable of doing the same with me . \" American , 33 , has gone from winning gold at the 2004 Olympics to becoming a two-weight world champion and being unbeaten in 31 fights . has been training alongside the likes of IBF , WBA and WBO light-heavyweight champion as she prepares for her fight , and says doing so \" has left me a bit in awe , to be honest \" . She added : \" Like every fighter , my ultimate goal is to headline a show in Las Vegas and with the way the sport is building at the moment I see no reason why I ca n't get there . \" Other female boxers like and have been putting women 's professional boxing on the map and now that I 've joined them it can only raise the bar again . \"", "Media playback is unsupported on your device 26 October 2014 Last updated at 00:31 BST She released her first solo album Malagasy Blues Song in 2013 , but she has a long career behind her . She comes from a musical family of 15 children , and in this performance for the BBC 's Africa Beats series , she is supported by her brothers , and , and her cousin , all of whom are respected musicians in Belgium , where they now live . is passionately concerned by the issues her native land faces , especially deforestation , and is donating a portion of the revenues from her CD sales to a tree planting project . More from Africa Beats", "The team at King 's College London say smokers are more likely to develop the disorder and at a younger age . Published in the Lancet Psychiatry , their analysis of 61 separate studies suggests nicotine in cigarette smoke may be altering the brain . Experts said it was a \" pretty strong case \" but needed more research . Smoking has long been associated with psychosis , but it has often been believed that schizophrenia patients are more likely to smoke because they use cigarettes as a form of self-medication to ease the distress of hearing voices or having hallucinations . The team at King 's looked at data involving 14,555 smokers and 273,162 non-smokers . It indicated : The argument is that if there is a higher rate of smoking before schizophrenia is diagnosed , then smoking is not simply a case of self-medication . Dr , from the Institute of Psychiatry , Psychology and Neuroscience at King 's , said : \" It 's very difficult to establish causation [ with this style of study ] , what we 're hoping that this does is really open our eyes to the possibility that tobacco could be a causative agent in psychosis , and we hope this will then lead to other research and clinical trials that would help to provide firmer evidence . \" Clearly most smokers do not develop schizophrenia , but the researchers believe it is increasing the risk . The overall incidence of the condition is one in every 100 people normally , which may be increased to two per 100 by smoking . The researchers said nicotine altered levels of the brain chemical dopamine , which has already been implicated in the psychosis . Prof , the director of the Institute of Psychological Medicine at Cardiff University , said the researchers had made a \" pretty strong case \" that smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia . \" The fact is that it is very hard to prove causation without a randomised trial , but there are plenty of good reasons already for targeting public health measures very energetically at the mentally ill . \" The charity Rethink Mental Illness said : \" We know that 42 % of all cigarettes smoked in England are by people with mental health problems , and so any new findings about the link between smoking and psychosis is a potential worry . \" However , longer-term studies are needed to fully understand this potential link . \"", "Two crews and a hovercraft from Weston-super-Mare were called just after midnight to rescue two adults and the children from Uphill beach . The police and ambulance service also attended , the fire service said . Avon Fire and Rescue have warned people not to park or walk on the beach in the dark due to the fast-rising tides .", ", 19 , signed a three-year contract with the English Premier League club on Friday , having played three FA Cup games for them last season . Manager has also given a contract to following his departure from Port Vale . Hibernian midfielder has also made the move to United on a one-year loan deal . The arrivals come with , last season 's first-choice goalkeeper , possibly leaving Tannadice to return to Kilmarnock . , 30 , is believed to be keen on a move to the Scottish Premiership club . said of : \" I expect him to challenge for the starting position . \" comes here as one of the top young goalkeeping prospects in English football . \" It says so much about his ambition and desire that he has chosen to come up to Scotland to get first-team involvement . \" It is a coup for us to bring him to Tannadice and I am positive we will hear much more about him during his career . \" , who has represented England at youth level , joined Southampton from hometown club Shrewsbury Town in 2015 , hopes to challenge for starts with the Scottish Championship club . \" I am excited at the prospect of being involved in first-team football ,\" he told United 's website . \" I believe I am joining a winning team that will be challenging at the top of the league and want to play my part in helping the club secure the title . \" becomes United 's ninth summer signing and their fourth of the week . The 24-year-old returns to Scottish football after having played with Falkirk before joining Port Vale in January . Dutch midfielder also signed on a one-year contract after the 25-year-old left Fortuna Sittard in his homeland .", "Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board ( BCUHB ) gave \u00a3 20,000 towards the Lap of Wales Challenge . But the Wales Audit Office found the board breached its own rules and regulations in handling the funding . Board officials said they would learn from the experience after auditors highlighted a lack of transparency and poorly-managed conflicts of interest . Auditors also found the health board failed to follow procurement rules when appointing suppliers for the event . The Lap of Wales Challenge was organised by under the leadership of its national organiser and was fronted by the Welsh opera singer . The event cost more than \u00a3 150,000 to arrange and the surplus was \u00a3 1,368 . The challenge saw a number of Welsh celebrities undertaking a week-long journey through Wales in July 2015 to raise awareness of the Welsh Government 's changes to the organ donation law . It was arranged in aid of . The fund was set up by Mr in memory of his sister who died in 2012 , and was incorporated within BCUHB 's own official charity , Awyr Las / Blue Sky in 2014 . The health board awarded \u00a3 20,000 towards the event , with another \u00a3 20,000 coming from Cardiff and Vale Health Board and \u00a3 45,000 from the Welsh Government . The report found \u00a3 10,000 of BCUHB 's contribution was awarded as a loan , but the paperwork was not processed by the health board 's financial team . Despite that , the funds were transferred . Cerddwn Ymlaen said it was not aware it received a loan rather than a grant and would not have agreed to it , had it known . To ensure the Lap of Wales project was not in deficit , Cerddwn Ymlaen undertook additional fundraising to meet the \u00a3 154,054 cost of completing the challenge . Concerns were also raised about a breach of the health board 's financial regulations in relation to the challenge . A spokesperson for BCUHB said : \" The health board was very keen to learn from this experience which is why it asked the Wales Audit Office to carry out this review , as we recognise that to achieve the objectives of the charity , it is important to work with external bodies . \" Such arrangements are underpinned by trust , common objectives and mutual cooperation but misunderstandings can occur . \" Officials added a new joint-working protocol would provide a robust governance framework for future projects and require all arrangements to be formalised .", "The incident happened on Morningside Road , near to Jordan Lane , at about 11:45 on Sunday . A local diversion was put in place at Comiston Road and Churchill Place , following the incident . Police Scotland have appealed to anyone who may have seen the elderly woman , or the bin lorry , before the incident occurred . Sgt , of the road policing unit , said : \" The woman was walking with a wheeled walking aid , similar to a zimmer frame , and we 're hopeful anyone who might have seen her will come forward with relevant information . \"", "The tractor was pulled over by officers in the village of Ripley and had two other males on board . The vehicle had been seen in nearby Harrogate at about 05:00 GMT with no headlights on . Police said the driver had no licence , was not insured and did not have permission from the tractor 's owner . The vehicle was seized , with the three due to be interviewed by officers . Posting on Twitter , Insp said : \" A strange end to a night shift . 15-year-old lad driving a tractor as a taxi for his drunk mates . \"", ", 52 , of Beckenham , south-east London , is accused of defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council by posing as a victim of the fire for nearly two weeks . He pleaded not guilty to both counts at Southwark Crown Court on Friday . He was remanded in custody and his trial is due to take place in December . Westminster Magistrates' Court heard last month that Mr claimed he lived in the North Kensington block , and that his wife and son had died in the blaze . The court also heard he was given a hotel room , clothing , food , electrical items and cash after he went to the Westway Sports Centre , where he allegedly claimed to have lost all his possessions , The centre had been set up as one of the focal points for the local relief effort . The tower block fire on 14 June killed at least 80 people and made hundreds homeless .", "built the house in Salfords , in the Surrey greenbelt , in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales . He told Mr at London 's High Court that his \" beautiful home \" had now been \" carefully dismantled \" . \" Hopefully , it will be rebuilt on another site with full planning permission ,\" he said . At a previous hearing , Mr , 66 , had been told to tear down his home by 6 June or face jail . On Monday , , counsel for Reigate and Banstead Borough Council , told the judge that Mr had made \" very good progress in terms of complying with the requirements of the enforcement notices \" , but that he had not \" fully complied with the requirements \" . The house had been \" very largely \" demolished , he said , but there was \" still more to be done \" , including restoring the land to its former agricultural use . He said the \" technical legal position \" was that Mr remained in contempt of court , but the parties had agreed for the matter to be adjourned for a month to give him \" an opportunity completely to comply \" . Representing himself , Mr insisted : \" I broke no law . I was looking after my family . I acted in good faith . I am a law-abiding citizen . \" He described the four bedroom castle as a \" work of art built lawfully \" , but said he would \" fully comply \" with the council enforcement notices . Mr adjourned the case until 4 July , but said he hoped it would not be necessary for it to return to court . Mr told him : \" I assure you we will not have to come back . \" At the end of the hearing , he said to the judge : \" When I rebuild my house , I want you to come and see it . \"", "The \u00a3 570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began in March 2012 . The first public trams started running at 06:00 BST . Despite facing criticism for causing disruption to businesses and commuters , Nottingham City Council insists the service will transform the local economy . Delays were initially blamed on unexpected numbers of pipes and cables having to be moved , and then on work to replace part of the track bed . \u00a3 570m Initial budget 28 new stations 11 miles of new track 22 new trams 20 million passenger capacity Contractor Vinci has reported the problems contributed to a \u00a3 165m loss for its civil engineering division . , who has lead responsibility for operation company NET at Nottingham City Council , said it was a \" really great day \" for the city . \" With trams running from every seven minutes , it is all set to provide easier access to key locations right across the city ,\" she said . \" The tram provides the backbone to the city 's integrated transport network , underpinning all the efforts to reduce congestion , improve the environment and make Nottingham an even better place to live , work or visit . \" NET and the city council had resisted calls to name a date for the new lines opening but final testing had been ongoing in recent weeks . , vice president of the Light Rail Transit Association and former Broxtowe borough councillor said : \" We are very relieved , as , I think , are a lot of people in Beeston . \" It has been a quite difficult ride over the past few years while construction has been at its worst ... and it is going to do wonders for the town and the city . \" , a butcher in Clifton , said : \" We are optimistic . It has caused disruption , normal trade dropped by a third but the workers have helped . \" Now we will see if the public come back - but there are still a lot of parking restrictions outside . \" , a nearby florist , said : \" I was really pleased to have been on the first tram from Clifton - and seeing the one from Toton arrive has been fantastic . \" It is a really great day for the city and I think we will now see some real regeneration and the tram driving Nottingham forward for people who live here and who work here and people who want to visit . \"", "Builders working on the BBC programme were targeted while helping with the project in West Bromwich . Show bosses said three vans have been hit in the past week . Volunteers are transforming the family home of a mother who died from cancer . Presenter tweeted on Wednesday to say he was \" really disappointed \" by the thefts . The programme is extending the home of , who has looked after her two grandchildren since the death of their mother in October 2015 . See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here Show bosses said two vans - a Peugeot and a Ford - were broken into on Wednesday morning and tools taken . On Thursday a Mercedes Sprinter was also broken into , but nothing was stolen . The thefts have been reported to West Midlands Police . End of Twitter post by @ tweet prompted a local Peugeot dealership to get in touch and he later thanked them for their help , as well as another person who gave \u00c2 \u00a3 30 to cover repairs . The project to extend the house is being completed by the DIY SOS team and an army of volunteers , including local tradespeople and neighbours , in a nine-day build .", "The oil firm said revenues in the year fell 27 % to \u00a3 1.6bn as the price of oil continued to fall in 2015 . It is the second year in a row the oil company has reported a loss . In 2014 , it reported a loss of \u00a3 2bn . Tullow also warned there was a risk it could fail to comply with its financial covenants this year . Financial covenants are agreements that companies make with their lenders to maintain a stable financial position . Oil prices have slumped by 70 % since the middle of 2014 , with many of the oil majors cutting back investment on exploration and production . That has also led to the loss of more than 5,000 jobs in the North Sea oil industry . Tullow said it could cut annual capital expenditure to as low as $ 300m in 2017 , down from $ 1.1bn planned for 2016 , if market conditions did not improve . The firm said it had reduced headcount of 37 % and was on track to deliver cash savings of around $ 500m over three years . It also said it would pay no dividend in 2015 . Tullow Oil chief executive said : \" Our challenge in 2016 is to be equally robust in responding to the uncertainties that remain in the sector . \" He added : \" . As we look ahead , we have a portfolio of world class , low cost oil assets which will produce around 100,000 barrels per day in 2017 and a major position in one of the world 's newest , low cost , oil provinces in East Africa , both enabling us to create substantial value . \"", ", 27 , admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit . He was spotted by a CCTV operator committing the offence and stopped by police in Buccleuch Street . At Dumfries Sheriff Court he was ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and given the driving ban . , who had moved from Belfast to Dumfries , committed the offence in September this year . He had been staying in homeless accommodation in the town and took the roller from Brooms Road . He then drove it across town in a bid to get home from a night out drinking with a friend . \" I was just trying to find my way home ,\" he told the court at an earlier appearance .", "Lagavulin is launching a single cask edition of 522 bottles of its single malt to raise funds for local projects . Sales of the \u00a3 1,494 bottles are set to see \u00a3 310,000 donated to Islay Heritage to help build a story of the island 's past based on its archaeological sites . The Finlaggan Trust , which maintains the historical home of the Lord of the Isles , should also receive \u00a3 60,000 . The Lagavulin 200 Legacy is set to make further contributions to the local swimming pool , cyber cafe and arts and festival organisations , as well as a new partnership with the RSPB to restore and conserve peatlands on the island . , of Lagavulin 's owners Diageo , said : \" We have had a fantastic year celebrating the 200th anniversary of Lagavulin , both on Islay and with the hundreds of thousands of people around the world who adore the whisky . \" Islay and its remarkable local community are at the heart of Lagavulin . \" That 's why we were determined there should be a legacy from the anniversary which would directly benefit the island and its people . \" We believe that our contribution to Islay Heritage is not only of great significance to the island itself but is an important contribution to conserving and promoting the history and heritage of Scotland . \" Bottles of the Lagavulin 1991 Single Malt Scotch Whisky cask can only be purchased through an online ballot on The Whisky Exchange . The first bottle will be auctioned separately to raise more charitable funds , and one bottle will be donated to the Diageo Archive and the Whisky Exchange . , trustee of Islay Heritage and professor of archaeology , said : \" Islay Heritage is hugely grateful to the Lagavulin 200 Legacy for the support it is providing to further our knowledge about the archaeological sites and monuments on Islay . \" This investment in our heritage will greatly benefit both the local community and visitors to the island . \" While some of Islay 's sites and monuments are very well known and accessible , others are virtually unknown , difficult to find and rarely visited . \" There are no doubt many more waiting to be discovered which will help tell us more about not only 's story but that of Scotland , Europe and the path of human culture as a whole . \" We are delighted that Lagavulin shares our vision to reveal 's past so that it can be explored and enjoyed by everyone . \"", "The United Airlines flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22 but declared a second emergency a short time later . It comes a day after the same aircraft diverted to Edinburgh from London Heathrow with a fuel leak problem . There were no passengers on the plane . Edinburgh Airport officials said there had been no impact on operations . The plane landed back at Edinburgh at 15:30 , after circling the airport for 10 minutes . An United Airlines spokesman said : \" United Airlines flight UA2081 from Edinburgh to Chicago today ( July 13 , 2016 ) , which was being repositioned and was not carrying any customers , returned to Edinburgh Airport after take-off because of a mechanical issue . \"", "The 14-year-old from Blackpool disappeared on 1 November 2003 . Her body has never been found . said she is taking legal action over a 13-year gap in releasing CCTV images of the teenager 's last day alive . Lancashire Police has declined to comment . She said the footage that detectives released in 2016 , 13 years after she went missing , could have helped solve the case had it been available earlier . \" They had [ the CCTV ] for 13 years ,\" said Mrs . \" It shows in the town that afternoon in the same clothes she disappeared in . \" If they 'd have shown it before ... who knows ? \" We have suffered all these years not knowing where she is . \" She said police \" need teaching a lesson \" . \" It is not about the money . I want to force the police to do their job ,\" she said . \" If I got money I would get something for like a memorial . \" is shown in the CCTV with her sister on Bank Hey Street walking towards the Coral Island amusement arcade . She went home but returned to Blackpool town centre later that evening - the last time she was seen . A judge cleared a man of 's murder in 2008 after \" grave doubts \" were raised about evidence during his second trial . The jury in his first trial failed to reach a verdict . In 2009 , the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said police evidence-gathering errors contributed to the retrial 's collapse . The IPCC found strategic and tactical failure in the management of the material and several officers were disciplined , one forced to resign in 2011 . But this resignation order was overturned by a 2012 Police Arbitration Tribunal .", "The police say Mr is being treated as a witness , not a suspect . Officers have found emails from Mr to another senior IOC official , who was arrested last month and is facing charges . Mr , ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee , denies all allegations . Police investigators in Rio told the BBC 's Wyre Davies they would like to know what Mr 's influence was over Olympic ticketing policy . They said the IOC president received personal requests for hundreds of high-value tickets , for the Olympics opening ceremony , the 100m final and the football final from Mr . Police say that Mr received 296 tickets after his written request to the IOC president . They have not , thus far , made any contact with the president 's office to request a formal interview . Mr was arrested during the Olympic games and spent time at the notorious Bangu high security jail along with fellow Irishman . He was released on bail at the end of August but had to return his passport to the Brazilian authorities and was ordered not to leave the country . A prosecutor laid charges against him on Tuesday . A judge will now decide whether to accept or reject the charges . Mr , 71 , has formally stood aside as president of the Olympic Council of Ireland and European Olympic Committees' president during the investigation . Mr is the Dublin-based director of THG Sports , a corporate and sports hospitality company . Mr cancelled a planned appearance in Rio this week at the opening of the Paralympic Games , for personal reasons . Mr has not returned to Rio since the Olympics and missed the opening ceremony of the Paralympics at the Maracana on Wednesday . He said would remain in Germany for the funeral of his friend , the former West German foreign minister and deputy chancellor , who died last month aged 97 . IOC officials said Mr would now not travel to Brazil after the funeral because he was unable to reschedule other commitments . The Paralympics run until 18 September . The last time an IOC president failed to attend a Paralympics was in 2010 , when missed the whole of the Winter Games in Vancouver .", "The final member of the family , a male marmoset called , was found by police on Monday , having been abandoned on a vets' doorstep . A female and a baby were retrieved on Sunday , and are already back at Symbio Wildlife Park , south of Sydney . Two men have pleaded guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime . and are not believed to have snatched the monkeys from their enclosure , but they were charged with trying to profit from the theft . Pygmy marmosets - the world 's smallest monkey species - command up to A $ 5,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 , $ 3,700 ) on the black market . Police found the men after a tip-off from the public . A desperate appeal for information had been launched by the zoo , amid fears that the baby marmoset would die within 48 hours if unable to feed from its mother . The four-week-old was found when the Georges' car was pulled over at Appin , southwest of Sydney . The female marmoset was found about 20km ( 12 miles ) away in the Campbelltown area . Australian newspaper The Daily Telegraph said the brothers had exchanged marmoset pictures with a third person via mobile phone , along with messages about how much a monkey could sell for . \" Ay , check out my monkey ,\" wrote the third person , according to court documents . \" That 's mad bro . Wanna sell it bruh ? \" replied . The baby marmoset is now home and well , said Symbio Wildlife Park , after they reunited it with its mother . \" cradled the baby straight into her arms and bub immediately began to feed ,\" the zoo wrote in a statement on Facebook . Police say they are continuing their investigation into the theft . The zoo said the marmoset enclosure is currently closed \" to give the family privacy \" .", "That 's according to a new report by a senior group of MPs . Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee said recruiters should try websites like Mumsnet to help increase the proportion of female spies . It wants more of them working in places like MI5 , MI6 and communications spy centre GCHQ . The report says women in the intelligence services are being held back by a layer of male , middle managers labelled \" the permafrost \" who have a \" very traditional male mentality and outlook \" . Mumsnet chief executive responded to the call for recruiters to use things like her website but we 're thinking she was n't being entirely serious . \" I 'm afraid I 'm unable to comment as I have an urgent appointment with a rock in St. James 's Park . \" While the report showed 37 % of staff at MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ are women , it also pointed out they make up less than one in five senior staff . However , things have been changing in recent years . became the first female boss of MI5 in 1992 . That was three years before actress took over as 's boss , M , in the British film franchise . In response to the report the government said : \" We are committed to ensuring the most talented people succeed and reach top positions , regardless of gender , ethnicity , sexuality or disability . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", ", the of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community ( AMC ) , said his \" heartfelt sympathies \" were with the victims . He was speaking at a Peace Symposium held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque in Morden , south London on Saturday . Five people died and 50 were hurt outside Parliament , last Wednesday . In a message Prime Minister praised the conference , which she called \" an annual reminder of your community 's commitment to promoting peace \" . MPs and were among the hundreds who attended the event at the UK 's largest mosque . The caliph described the attack in central London a \" barbaric atrocity \" . \" No matter what terrorists may claim , under no circumstances are indiscriminate acts , or killings ever justified ,\" he said . He added that Muslims and non-Muslims \" must stand up against all forms of oppression , hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace in the world . \" Three people were killed in Wednesday 's attack when drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge , before stabbing to death unarmed PC . was then shot dead by police .", "The 31-year-old had publicly revealed she was expecting her third child during a concert in May . A statement on her Twitter account on Monday said : \" and are very sad to announce that they lost their baby . Now is a time for grieving and being together as a family . \" We kindly ask everyone to respect that peace . \" The Cardiff-born star and her partner , musician , have been together for seven years . She is already a mother to nine-year-old and , eight , from her previous relationship with .", ", 37 , was being chased by officers when his car hit a tipper truck in Leicester on 9 March 2016 . and , who were both passengers in the car , died in the crash on Fosse Road South . In addition to the prison term , was also given a 15-year driving ban at Leicester Crown Court . The collision was described as \" horrific \" by Leicestershire police . More on this story and other news in Leicestershire Tomlinson previously pleaded guilty to two counts of causing death by dangerous driving , two counts of causing death by driving while uninsured and two counts of causing death by driving while unlicensed . Two people in the lorry suffered minor injuries during the crash and damage was caused to a shop on the corner of Upperton Road . Det Sgt said : \" This was a horrific collision which resulted in the death of two men . \" Prior to the collision was travelling at speeds in excess of 64mph ( 102kmph ) and failed to stop for a police officer on Narborough Road South . \" He took a massive risk that night when he disregarded the traffic lights and used excessive speed , he will now be facing a considerable amount of time in prison . \" The Independent Police Complaints Commission is still investigating the crash .", "is now 81 and said she feels \" released \" from the feelings that gripped her for so long . \" I may be old , but at least I am happy ,\" she told BBC News NI . \" I had n't really lived until I got the operation . \" For years I felt I was in the wrong body and it was n't until I was 69 that I plucked up the courage to ask for help . \" It was only after a trip to Manchester with some friends , during which Ms lived as a woman , that she realised the surgery was something she needed . \" I was a cross-dresser , I went away dressed as a man and I came home dressed as a man , but in between times I was a woman ,\" she said . But cross-dressing was not good enough for her . When Ms returned from her trip , she visited her GP , who referred her to a specialist . She said : \" I had been going to the doctor for a range of ailments and he said to me : ' Thank you 've finally told me what 's wrong . '\" Every week three or four people present themselves as transgender to the Regional Gender Identity and Psychosexual Service at Knockbracken in Belfast . They typically make contact with the clinic through a GP referral or a drop-in facility every week . 200 people are currently being treated by the clinic with 50 more on the waiting list . More than half of them are aged between 18 and 25 . The number of adults going to the clinic is doubling year on year . The clinic provides adults with assessment , psychological support and onward referral for hormone replacement therapy and surgery where appropriate . A gender identity panel to strategically look at the issues facing transgender people met for the first time at Stormont on Monday . It was formed by the peer support group Focus - The Identity Trust . It comprises politicians from Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in and the Alliance party , as well as a Presbyterian minister , the Reverend , and others with a long-standing interest in human rights . The Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in minister said the gathering was about \" bringing marginalised people together , giving them space to discuss transgender issues and engaging with politicians in a way that had not been done before \" . \" Transgender people still experience discrimination in nearly every walk of life ,\" she said . The panel will address trans-phobic hate crime and access to health and education .", "The new world was found beyond our Solar System , 100 light-years away . It 's been named 51 Eridani b and is only 20 million years old - very young by astronomical standards . The alien world could give us more information about the formation of our Solar System . The find was made by the Gemini Planet Imager ( GPI ) , which looks for young planets orbiting bright nearby stars . Our own Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system - it 's so big you could fit over 1,300 Earths inside it ! It 's also the fastest rotating planet too , with 1 day only lasting 10 hours - but a year on Jupiter lasts for 12 Earth years . Jupiter does n't have a solid surface and is made up of gas , giving it the name ' gas giant ' . The baby Jupiter has the strongest methane gas signature ever found on an alien planet . The astronomers also detected water using the GPI 's spectrometer instrument . Scientists hope that by studying far away worlds , they can learn more about how common the structure of our Solar System is . Astronomers believe the gas giants in our Solar System formed slowly - by building up a large core over a few million years and then pulling in a huge amount of hydrogen and other gases to form an atmosphere . This is known as a \" cold-start \" . But the Jupiter-like planets that have been discovered so far are much hotter than scientists have predicted . Which could mean they formed quickly - as gas collapses to make a scorching planet in what is known as a ' hot-start ' .", "Kitchens , toilets and washing facilities haven been installed at Tredegar Park with the first demonstration expected on Saturday , five days before the summit . More than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the two-day event at Newport 's Celtic Manor Resort . Police have taken over Rodney Parade sports ground to manage extra policing . Security for the summit will be provided by 9,500 police officers drawn from 43 UK police forces with 12 miles ( 20km ) of security fencing already in place at keys sites in Cardiff and in Newport . But the million dollar question is how many campaigners will descend on Newport , according to , of the No Nato Newport group . He is one of a core of 100 volunteers from several campaign groups such as the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament ( CND ) , who have set up the campsite in anticipation of their supporters needing somewhere to pitch tents while staying in Newport to protest their cause in front of world leaders and media . Groups like Stop the War have organised coaches with peace campaigners being driven in from London , Birmingham , Norwich and Newcastle . They also expect campaigners to come from further afield with a Counter Summit on Sunday including speakers representing peace movements in the US and Russia in their bid to \" end the drive to war and military spending \" . Newport council said it had been given assurances the camp will be a \" peaceful encampment \" and will not interfere with the park 's normal activities . A spokesperson said : \" Newport City Council is continuing to work with partner agencies to monitor the situation and minimise the impact of such a camp . \" Gwent Police have taken over Rodney Parade sports ground to help manage the huge security operation already described as \" unchartered territory \" by the office in charge . A police spokesperson told the South Wales Argus it was one of a number of local venues being used for various activities , including booking officers on and off duty , briefings , and canteen facilities . The Nato security operation budget would pick up the bill for hiring the facility which is the home of the Newport Gwent Dragons , Newport County FC and Newport RFC , the spokesperson added .", "The Duchess of Cambridge 's sister took civil court action against a \" person or persons unknown \" after her account was said to have been hacked . The Sun reported it was offered the images , which included shots of Prince and . A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of an offence under the Computer Misuse Act and later bailed . The allegations emerged after private pictures were said to have been offered to the newspaper via encrypted messaging service WhatsApp . The Sun said it had been approached by someone using a pseudonym and asking for \u00c2 \u00a3 50,000 within 48 hours . Barrister , who led 's legal team , said she thought there had been a \" genuine hack \" . He said it was a \" flagrant \" and \" criminal \" act which had caused \" considerable distress \" . Police said they were investigating the allegations and a 35-year-old man had been released on police bail pending further inquiries . He was arrested at an address in Northamptonshire late on Saturday . In the summer , and hedge fund manager confirmed their engagement , with a wedding planned for next year . Several high-profile figures have had images stolen from their iCloud accounts , including actress and singer . In July , American pleaded guilty to running a phishing campaign to steal private pictures and videos from film and TV stars , in what was known as the \" celebgate \" affair .", "Open-side flanker has been ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury . made 133 appearances for Scarlets before moving to London Irish last season , where he played 17 games . The 30-year-old has won 10 caps and joins Ospreys having initially signed for Welsh Premiership club Carmarthen Quins following his release from Irish . \" With 's injury and one or two others working their way back to full fitness who are not quite there yet , we felt that we needed someone else in to help us through this period ,\" said Ospreys head coach . \" We are fortunate to have someone with 's versatility and experience available and have brought him into the environment with a view to him helping us prepare for Zebre at home in the opening round of the Pro12 next month . \"", "The convoy was heading through northern Paris on its way to Le Bourget airport late on Sunday evening when it was raided , reports say . The gunmen seized a vehicle carrying the money and documents , later releasing the driver and two others . The convoy was said to have come from the Saudi embassy . No-one was hurt . The gunmen , reportedly armed with Kalashnikov rifles , targeted a Mercedes mini-van at 21:15 ( 19:15 GMT ) on the northern ring road , or peripherique , at Porte de la Chapelle , on the edge of Paris . The motorcade , belonging to a Saudi prince , was ambushed by eight people in two separate vehicles who pointed their guns at the driver of the Mercedes , forcing him to stop , French media reported . The men then drove the vehicle away with the driver and the two other Saudis inside . No shots were fired but the Saudis were later freed . \" In the vehicle there was roughly 250,000 euros in cash and official documents from the embassy ,\" police union spokesman told BFM TV news . According to , the operation lasted just a few seconds , something that pointed to \" a very organised and especially informed commando unit , who had information and accomplices \" . \" As far as I am concerned , it looks very much like it could be commandos from eastern Europe , who we know about , who are often paid to do dirty work . \" The Mercedes was heading to Le Bourget airport with paperwork for the departing prince , who has not been named , according to the prosecutor 's office . Le Bourget is often used for high-level visitors taking private jets to Paris . The vehicle was eventually found abandoned and another of the gang 's cars was found burned out .", "But they are also applicable when you meet - English rugby union 's only referee at Rio 2016 . After a 92-year absence , rugby union is back on the biggest stage sport has to offer , with Sevens tournaments for men and women . \" Everybody knows the Olympics is a great sporting event , no matter what sport you 're involved in ,\" said , during a break between matches at the European Sevens series event at Sandy Park , the home of Exeter Chiefs . \" To have the chance to go out there and to have the best seat in the house is a fantastic opportunity . \" A former player , the 26-year-old turned to refereeing in 2007 after being injured , and nine years later has become the sole woman to be centrally-contracted as a match official by the Rugby Football Union . As well as taking charge of top women 's matches , also referees men 's games at semi-professional level in National Two South . \" Rugby is a game of respect , and it does n't matter who you are , you go on the pitch and you 're there to do a job . I do n't see myself any different to my male counterparts ,\" she replied , when asked the obligatory ' woman in a man 's world ' question . \" Over the years I 've been a bit of an unknown - there 's not many of us that are active at the moment , and climbing through the ranks we become fewer and fewer . \" You 're there on the pitch to facilitate the game and the players do n't mind that , it does n't matter that I 'm a female . \" When you ask an Olympics-bound athlete what their goals are , the answer is usually pretty simple - personal best , get on the podium , maybe a gold medal - but what about a referee ? \" My goal is to go far as possible , so if that means I referee the gold medal final , then absolutely fantastic ,\" she said . \" It 's not that much different for us compared to the athletes . We do n't come away with a medal , but to be involved in that medal race with the teams is what you aim to do . \" I want to go out there , enjoy the experience and gather as much experience as well - and whatever comes after that comes after that . \" There has never been a woman referee in charge of a Premiership rugby match . If impresses in Rio , who is to say she will not be rubbing shoulders with the likes of or in years to come ? For the latest rugby union news follow @ bbcrugbyunion on Twitter .", "Emergency numbers were down and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links between the mainland for almost five hours . NHS Shetland had earlier advised anyone needing medical attention to make their way to the hospital in Lerwick . Flights were delayed and cancelled at Sumburgh Airport . Services were restored shortly before 17:00 . BT said the problems were caused by \" blown rectifiers and fuses \" at the Wideford Hill radio transmitter on Orkney . A spokesman said 2,600 telephone customers and 388 broadband customers had been affected . A total of eleven flights were cancelled at Sumburgh and one was diverted to Kirkwall . Highlands and Islands Airports Limited advised passengers to contact their airlines for further information . Shetland MSP has called for an \" urgent investigation \" into why radio communications and telephone links failed .", "The school 's headmaster said the \" growing expense and luxury \" forced on parents was also a major concern . Beaulieu Convent School in Jersey also referred to \" worries about alcohol and drug consumption \" at the end of Year 11 event for pupils aged 15-16 . A former pupil said the prom was an important milestone and accused the school of overreacting . , headmaster , said the \" significant focus and distraction \" caused by the prom \" does not fit into the ethos of our school \" . Writing to parents Mr cited a letter from an unnamed colleague who was convinced the preparations and the event were \" not positive , constructive or healthy experiences \" . The colleague wrote : \" The financial strain and the inevitable competition associated with this is another very unwelcome , and sometimes crushing , aspect for many parents . \" The letter from the colleague also referred to \" alcohol and drug consumption at after-parties \" as \" a considerable concern \" . It said the strain of trying \" to be slim , fashionable , have perfect skin \" led to \" unacceptable pressure \" . Mr said he could no longer \" safely manage the risk \" associated with the event . The independent Catholic school said it would continue to offer Year 13 leavers a celebratory mass with their families followed by a drinks reception at the school . The \u00c2 \u00a3 5,400-a-year convent has around 760 students aged 4-18 . Former pupil , 20 , said her prom was \" a first taste of maturity \" and the school should tackle individual pupils if they had concerns about drugs or alcohol . She said : \" It 's really upsetting knowing those girls wo n't be able to experience an event you spend a fair amount of time looking forward to and remember for the rest of your life . \"", "Professional Darts Corporation chief executive landed the same role with the O 's under in 2006 . The 37-year-old left the National League side in October 2014 , following 's takeover . \" This is a time for us to look to the future and there 's a great buzz around the place ,\" he told the club website . \" Everyone knows how difficult things have been and that cloud has now been lifted . \"", "\" I was n't 100 % sober ,\" she said at an event with fellow Justice . She said she \" could n't resist the fine wine \" at the dinner which traditionally brings together some of the court 's justices before the speech . At 81 , is the oldest serving judge on the Supreme Court . She was asked about the incident by the moderator at an event at George Washington University on Thursday evening . was repeatedly pictured slumbering in her chair as President addressed the joint session of Congress in the House of Representatives on 20 January . \" The audience for the most part is awake , but they 're bobbing up and down all the time . And we sit there as stone-faced , sober judges . But we 're not . \" At least I was n't 100 % sober when we went to the State of the Union ,\" she said , provoking audience laughter . said she had vowed to stick to sparkling water after dozing at the speech in past years , but was unable to resist the lure of a \" very fine California wine \" brought by Justice . \" In the end , the dinner was so delicious it needed wine ,\" she said . \" Well , that 's the first intelligent thing you 've done ,\" quipped . Former Justice used to give her a pinch when he spotted the warning signs in years gone by , said , but the judges beside her this time were \" more timid \" .", "Police said officers from the North West counter terrorism unit searched an address on Peakdale Avenue , Crumpsall , Manchester on Friday . The suspect , 26 , was arrested the following day on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act . Police would not comment on the nature of the alleged offence but said it believed it caused \" no threat \" to the community .", "Derbyshire Police said the taxi driver might have \" crucial \" information . A 17-year-old girl from Evesham has been charged with an attempted kidnap of a child in Normanton on 21 September . Police say the driver may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of the attempted kidnap . The two girls are both described as white and age 17 . One girl had shoulder length blonde or brown hair and was wearing a dark blue blouse , a long cream coat , black trousers and black high-heeled shoes . The second girl had long blonde or brown hair and is believed to be about seven months pregnant . The taxi driver or anyone else with information about the case is asked to contact police .", "posed as a taxi driver to pick up his 25-year-old victim in Argyle Street before raping her at a flat in Cessnock on 10 December 2006 . The 33-year-old Iraqi national fled after being convicted of the attack . features in a most-wanted list of nine UK suspects who are thought to be in the Netherlands . The list has been put published by the UK charity Crimestoppers and the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) . , from the NCA , said : \" Those who believe they can use the Netherlands to evade capture or continue illegal activities soon find out that it is not a safe haven . \"", ", 24 , enticed the boy to his home in Droylsden , Greater Manchester , with promises to use his Playstation and offered to pay his bus fare . Police described as a \" dangerous predator \" . At Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court , of Kings Walk , admitted 13 sex offences including two counts of rape and two sexual assaults . He also pleaded guilty to three counts of causing a child to engage in sexual activity and two counts of causing a child to watch a sexual act . also admitted a breach of sex offence prevention order and one count of meeting a child following sexual grooming . He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life . In March last year , sent his victim a friend request on Facebook despite having never met or spoken to him . The boy was then bombarded with private messages and offered to let him play computer games at his home . When they met kissed the boy and touched him sexually before trying to take him to his bedroom but the boy refused . He then pestered his victim , offered to pay his victim and went on to abuse him on two further occasions . The boy 's sister came across 's messages to her brother and told her mother who phoned the police . Det Con , of Greater Manchester Police , said the paedophile did not \" show a shred of humanity \" to the boy . She added : \" is a dangerous predator who preyed on a young boy via social media before arranging to meet with him so that he could satisfy his own depraved urges . \"", "The European Space Agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on Monday , along with two crewmates from Russia and America . But what exactly will she be doing during her time in space ? The ISS gives the chance to do scientific experiments that cannot be done on Earth , as the station offers an environment of microgravity . Here we run through a few examples of the experiments on 's ' to do ' list ... will operate a gadget called an electromagnetic levitator , which can heat metals to 2,000\u00c2 \u00b0 C and then cool them very quickly . This will be a chance to see what happens to different metals when they go from liquid to solid , without the effect of the Earth 's gravity . It 's hoped the results will reveal more about the physics of the metals and how they work . will be testing new machine technology and how well they work in space , such as this astronaut joystick . Using a joystick in space may feel very different in space compared to on Earth . So these experiments will see how being in space might affect how well an astronaut can control a space robot or space machinery . Another thing is that equipment may need to be attached to the astronaut so it does n't float away . The testing will also see what impact this has . will be doing lots of experiments to see how being in space affects her body . For example , she will experience 16 sunrises and sunsets every day on the International Space Station and be tested to see how this affects her body clock . Another important subject is food and energy . Experiments to see how much food an astronaut would need for a long mission will be carried out . will record what she eats and her energy levels over a period of time . Other things that will be looked at include how space affects skin and why many astronauts get headaches .", "Nether Edge Green Party councillor , , was served with a legal notice for her involvement in protests against Sheffield City Council 's tree felling programme . Ms was previously arrested for protesting against the tree removals . Charges against her and 13 others were dropped earlier this year . More stories from across Yorkshire Sheffield City Council maintain that the removal of street trees in the city is lawful and necessary . A \" pre-action protocol letter \" from the council 's legal department to Ms warned the authority will seek a High Court injunction to stop her , and others involved in \" direct action \" , from taking part in future protests . The council said the process would give protesters \" a chance to further and finally consider their position \" before it begins legal proceedings on 12 July . Councillor , cabinet member for Environment and Street Scene , said there had been months of \" unlawful and costly disruption \" to tree replacement works in Sheffield by a small number of protesters . \" We continue to support the right to peacefully protest , and the majority of protesters who are doing so peacefully will not be affected ,\" he added . \" But there is a big difference between this and direct action which deliberately and unlawfully stops works from being carried out . \" Mr said protesters had been sent a letter several weeks ago confirming their actions were unlawful . \" Streets Ahead is not just about street trees , it 's about ensuring we have roads , pavements and a street scene to be proud of for many years to come ,\" he added . \" In addition , it presents us with a unique opportunity to sustainably manage , increase and maintain our diverse street tree stock over a 25 year period . \" The council said , despite the letter , works were still being disrupted \" causing city-wide delays \" .", "It clears the way for the team to make their debut appearance the tournament , which will be held in Gabon from 14 January to 5 February . After the news emerged , thousands lined the streets of the capital , Bissau , to watch the squad parade by on Tuesday . Guinea-Bissau play Group A rivals and hosts Gabon in Saturday 's opener . They will also face Burkina Faso and Cameroon in the group stage having achieved a fairytale qualification - one of the biggest shocks in Nations Cup history . Yet the bonuses that had been promised them for qualifying remained unpaid , leading to the players going on strike at the weekend . It was only settled after a delegation of three players went to see the country 's president , , Portuguese news agency Lusa reported . They have since all received between 10,000 and 23,000 euros in outstanding fees , Lusa added . \" In the early hours of Sunday , the players received everything they had to receive ,\" a government spokesman told the agency . A charter plane , borrowed from Congo-Brazzaville , was due to fly the team to Libreville on Wednesday . The former Portuguese colony frequently beset by coups , eliminated former champions Congo and Zambia in qualifying last year . They were a Leicester-like long shot when the qualifiers began , having previously won only four matches in Nations Cup and World Cup qualification combined since first entering international competition just 22 years ago .", "At an event in Hove , the prime minister said all good schools should be able to expand and his government had supported that right . The Weald of Kent girls' grammar school wants to open an annexe in Sevenoaks . The Department for Education ( DfE ) is considering the plans which have the backing of Kent County Council . The law forbids the opening of new grammar schools , but changes made by the coalition government in 2012 allow enlargement of existing schools . \" I strongly support the right of all good schools to expand . I think that 's very important and that should include grammar schools ,\" the prime minister said : \" Under this government grammar schools have been able to expand and that is all to the good . \" Mr was responding to a question about the the proposed satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks . But he would not be drawn on when the government was likely to make its decision . \" As for the decision that the Department for Education has to take , they have to take that having [ looked ] at all the evidence and after having proper consultations and making the decision in proper time ,\" he added . Sevenoaks is the only major Kent town that does not have grammar provision . Bids made in 2013 were turned down because the DfE said they did not comply with the law . But the current plans put forward by Weald of Kent girls' grammar school are believed to have met the criteria . If approved , the annexe could pave the way for more grammars to open satellite campuses . General secretary of the National Union of Teachers , , has previously called the plans for grammar school expansion \" yet another unnecessary distraction \" .", "The disorder at HMP Erlestoke began on Saturday when two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff . No-one was hurt and those involved in the incident are being investigated by police , the Ministry of Justice said . The Prison Officers' Association said the issues surrounded a lack of regime due to insufficient staffing levels . A Ministry of Justice spokesman said \" two separate incidents \" involving three prisoners had been \" successfully resolved \" on Saturday . He added the prison was now \" running as normal \" and said there had been \" some minor structural damage \" . He said : \" We are absolutely clear that prisoners who behave in this way will be punished and can spend significantly longer behind bars . \" The Prison Officers' Association ( POA ) said order was restored overnight on Saturday but said \" both wings were destroyed and were now out of commission \" . The POA spokesman added this was \" another example of a failed benchmark process brought about by savage and unnecessary government cuts that has seen staffing levels decrease to an unsafe level \" . Relatives of inmates also got in touch with the BBC saying prisoners were kept locked in their cells for three days , without hot food , hot water and no prison officers on some wings . Conservative MP , for Devizes , said : \" I was saddened to hear of the disturbances at Erlestoke Prison over the last few days . \" These incidents are wholly and utterly unacceptable , and I understand that these matters have been referred to the police to consider charges against the perpetrators . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device , a winner alongside women 's captain , averaged almost 95 in Test cricket under , who was dismissed on 9 May . \" A lot of credit for that has to go to ,\" said the 24-year-old . \" Over the past year , he has definitely got the best out of me - along with the rest of the coaching department . \" was left out of the England team for the final Test of the Ashes whitewash in January 2014 , but was recalled after was appointed coach for the second time a year ago . The Yorkshire right-hander has since amassed 1,135 Test runs . \" When I came back from Australia , I realised a lot of the time out there I was trying to work on things I was n't too good at - and putting all my energy into that , rather than spending more time strengthening the stuff I am good at ,\" added \" saw that - and I simplified things as well . \" , named player of the year for the men 's side after a vote of cricket media , was last week appointed Test vice-captain by new director of cricket . \" I was delighted , so I accepted straight away ,\" said . \" I do n't think things will change much - just a bit more responsibility on my part . \" If wants to come up to me for ideas , I will make sure I have something to help him out . \" As well as being named as the women 's player of the year , was presented with a silver cap to mark her 200th game as England captain against New Zealand in February . In addition to leading England to four series wins , averaged more than 75 in one-day internationals and almost 60 in Twenty20s .", "Victory lifted the Shrimpers up to fifth , while have only won six of their 17 home league games this term . \" If you do n't believe you 're going to get there [ to the play-offs ] you never will . My belief wo n't stop until it 's mathematically impossible ,\" he said . \" We 're five points off the play-offs . It 's not a lot with 13 games to go . \" He continued to BBC Radio Cambridgeshire : \" I know we 've just been thrashed at home , but we need to continue to support each other . All I can do is apologise to the fans after the performance . \" I always take the blame when we lose and I 'll do it again now . It 's down to me why the team lost . What we 've got to do now is stand up like men , puff our chests out , come back on Saturday and produce a win . \" Two goals from set the Shrimpers on their way to victory at the ABAX Stadium , while scored the only goal for ninth-placed . However , has received positive news regarding knee injury , picked up in Saturday 's defeat by Walsall . \" It 'll be seven or eight weeks instead of seven or eight months . We feared the worst to be honest , but we got the good news it 's not too serious . \" He 's been top drawer this season , he 's got a great attitude and he 's a tough little cookie . \"", "Opponents fear the development on the site in Hermitage Lane , Allington , will destroy ancient woodland and cause traffic gridlock . Developer Croudace Homes said the number of homes had been reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland of building a new road . The public inquiry in Maidstone is expected to last until 10 June . , from the New Allington Action Group ( NAAG ) , said : \" People are very upset . This is our last piece of green land . \" We take our dogs for a walk in the woods , you can let them off their leads . If they build a road across the woods it will no longer be safe . \" She added that the inquiry was the \" last step \" to protect the woodland which she said had been on the site since the 14th Century . Councillor , the Lib Dem leader of the borough council , said it would be \" inappropriate \" for the authority to comment at this stage . Following the public inquiry a recommendation will be made to the Secretary of State who will make a decision on the planning application .", "Temporary repairs have been made to an embankment on the Farnham to Alton line after it collapsed on 13 April . A replacement bus timetable has been in operation since engineers noticed the track at Wrecclesham , Surrey , was starting to dip after heavy rain . The line is due to reopen on 4 May. Network Rail warned of possible future closures for stabilisation work . A longer term solution is expected to cost millions of pounds .", ", 29 , was in the water near Mandurah , south of Perth , when the attack occurred on Tuesday afternoon . Western Australia Police said Mr 's injuries were too severe to overcome and he died on Friday night . On Thursday , a 4.2m ( 14ft ) great white shark was captured near Mandurah , but it is not known if this shark was to blame for the attack . \" He was right out the back looking to get a big wave , one of the set waves that had been coming through during the day ,\" , president of the Mandurah Boardriders Club and friend of the victim , told ABC on Tuesday . \" He 'd sort of paddled out the back , sort of past the pack slightly . And next thing all hell broke loose and they were trying to bring him in . \" His board was broken in half , they found the tail part of his board ,\" Mr said . Surf Lifesaving Western Australia had reportedly issued a warning before the attack , after an unknown species of shark was seen in the area .", "It happened at the Moelfre Lifeboat open day at 16:10 BST on Saturday , with two RNLI vessels rescuing him . He was then taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd , Bangor , by a UK Coastguard helicopter , with his condition unknown . North Wales Police is investigating the incident and has appealed for witnesses . Organisers had earlier warned about safety in the water on its Facebook page , imposing a speed restriction on boats travelling to the event . They had said : \" From past experience , we are expected to have over 100 vessels . \" Some will be kayaks with children on board , water safety is very important . Many adults and children will be swimming in the bay . Keep your eyes peeled please . \" The event , at the RNLI station , was to allow people to meet the crew and celebrate their life-saving work .", "More than 120 old or recent bruises and broken bones were discovered on 's body , Birmingham Crown Court was told . denies murdering the 18-month-old , after she collapsed at the family home in Birmingham . The child also had a \" terrible \" spiral leg fracture which had gone untreated . It left the girl \" deformed \" with one leg shorter than the other , the court heard . said also had seven recently broken ribs which would have made breathing \" very painful \" , and an historic head injury at least several days old at the time she died . Forensic testing of the house where the toddler died revealed traces of her blood on the cot and bedroom wall . Born in March 2014 to a heroin-addict mother , the otherwise healthy girl was put with a foster carer by social services . The child was then placed with 35-year-old as the legal guardian in January 2015 . was described in court as a \" healthy and happy baby \" and lived at 's family home in Beckbury Road , Weoley Castle . She collapsed at home shortly before 10am on 5 September 2015 . When paramedics arrived , had lying down on a sofa and told them : \" I do n't know when she stopped breathing , because I was in the bath . \" later told paramedics she had popped out and left the child alone during that morning . died from a combination of septicaemia , infection , blunt chest trauma and old head injuries . Of , Mr said : \" We say there is no other realistic candidate for the many and terrible injuries that led to 's death . \" The trial of , who also denies causing or allowing the death of , continues .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Bottom side United 's first win in Perth in four years , and Kilmarnock 's draw away to Partick Thistle , means the gap between them is down to five points . \" It was a wonderful effort . With 10 men , that spirit and character was there again ,\" said the . \" I ca n't praise the boys enough . They 've got real mental toughness . \" Media playback is not supported on this device had put United into a deserved lead midway through the first half . However , Saints came back into the match and when was sent off for denying an obvious goal-scoring opportunity , the visiting fans may have feared another damaging day in their bid to avoid automatic relegation . St Johnstone midfielder hit the crossbar as the home side pressed for an equaliser but United held firm . \" We still have a long way to go but that was a small step towards it ,\" continued . \" The mood is positive . will pick up points so we need to be strong . They have a quality manager , they have fantastic players in every department , but days like this will help our chances of survival and that 's what we hang on to . \" I 'm really pleased with everybody 's effort . \" Saints manager was frustrated at his team 's lack of bite in the first quarter of the match . \" Up until they scored we did n't compete well enough , did n't make enough tackles , did n't win enough first headers or second headers ,\" he lamented . \" I thought we got a slap in the face with the goal and we were much better after that . Probably they 've defended well enough overall to win the game . \" When you give a team something to hold on to , even with 10 men , it makes it really difficult . \" had made two impressive saves prior to the United goal but he will have been disappointed to have allowed 's shot past him . \" I think in the build-up to the goal we should have done better ,\" said . \" We dropped too deep and we should have dealt with the cross better . He got a free contact inside the box . \" Because was on the move , it hit the underside of his body and squirmed over the line . \"", ", 27 , had denied murdering , 32 , who was found dead at Southalls Way , Norwich , on 8 January , but admitted manslaughter . was high on cocaine when he punched mother-of-two after a row about an ex-girlfriend . The jury at Norwich Crown Court took less than an hour to find guilty . He will be sentenced on Friday . The court had heard friends describe a history of domestic violence which left Ms \" disfigured \" and fearing for her life . In her texts Ms described Mr 's behaviour as \" not normal \" . She wrote : \" you are not ready to care for anyone but yourself \" . \" You were trying to kill me , you were suffocating me until I nearly passed out \" , adding that if he stays away \" hopefully you wo n't go to prison for beating me to a pulp \" . Later Mr and agreed to meet up again . Pathologist Dr said in the fatal attack Ms sustained multiple facial lacerations and one of her ears was torn . Dr said some of the injuries were caused by \" blunt force impact \" . , of Murrells Court , Norwich , had admitted the pair had a turbulent relationship . He said he was staying at 's home when she confronted him about his ex-girlfriend who she thought was back in contact with him . said he struck her five or six times and had a phone in his hand at the time but insisted he had \" not to hit her with it \" . Prosecutor said behaved like an animal and if \" he 'd had a scrap of humanity \" would have called an ambulance after the attack instead of leaving to die in the flat .", ", and were travelling to work at Dereham along the A47 Acle Straight , near Great Yarmouth , Norfolk . They jumped into cold chest-high water to free the man from the crushed car and helped to resuscitate him . Mr , 23 , said : \" I 'm just glad we could give him a fighting chance to see his family again . \" The victim is in a stable but critical condition at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , police said . The men stopped when they saw what they thought was a broken-down car and some people running along the road at about 21:00 BST on Saturday . A blaring horn then alerted them to a car upside down in a dyke where they could see a man struggling inside , said Mr . The unnamed victim , believed to be in his 40s , was trapped by his seatbelt in the crushed car and had his head in water . Mr , 28 , of Great Yarmouth , said he was the first to enter the \" freezing cold \" water which was chest-high . Mr , from Martham , said their experience as security staff helped them to keep calm and they had freed the victim as a paramedic arrived . \" The car was that crushed that at one point I did n't think we would get him out , but I managed to get under his legs and get them free and snapped the seatbelt ,\" he said . \" His pulse was slow so I pumped his chest a few times . \" Mr , also 28 , a retained fire-fighter at Gorleston , then gave the victim the kiss-of-life . \" I 'm just pleased we were there and we could help a fellow human being who was dying in front of us ,\" said Mr .", "The measure guarantees a majority of seats to the party that wins the most votes in an election . It is a key element of a package of reforms promised by Italian Prime Minister . The law seeks to end Italy 's post-war era of revolving governments , political horse-trading and unstable coalitions . The lower house of parliament gave final approval to the bill by 334 votes to 61 . The proportional election system awards 340 out of 630 seats to any party that wins more than 40 % of the national vote . If no party reaches that threshold , there is a second-round run-off between the two parties with the most votes . The electoral reform is expected to come into force next year . After the vote , Mr said : \" Commitment achieved , promise respected . Italy needs people who do n't always say no . \" Critics have accused the 40-year-old former mayor of Florence who became prime minster last year of trying to consolidate his grip on power . They complain that the law awards too much power to single parties , gives party bosses too much scope to select candidates , and denies voters the chance to directly choose representatives . Opposition parties boycotted Monday 's vote . , parliamentary head of centre-right opposition party Forza Italia , said afterwards that it was \" a very ugly day for our country 's democracy \" . Mr wants to further transform the Italian system by abolishing the Senate and replacing it with a non-elected body with lesser powers . Currently , legislation is often held up because identical versions of bills have to be approved by both houses .", "The Dow Jones rose 0.2 % to 19,251.78 , while the wider S & P 500 gained 0.3 % to 2,204.71 , just missing a new record . The Nasdaq rose 0.5 % to 5,333.00 . Banking shares performed strongly , with Wells Fargo up 2.2 % , Bank of America rising 1.5 % and Goldman up by 1.2 % . Financial shares have climbed by over 15 % since the election . President-elect 's plans to reduce corporate tax and regulations are expected to benefit the sector . Meanwhile , analysts are predicting the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next week , in another boost for banks . Financials in general are \" benefiting from the feeling that interest rates are done going down and we are going to see a much more favourable interest rate and spread environment for financials ,\" said , portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management . Mr 's announcement that Japanese telecoms and internet firm SoftBank had agreed to invest $ 50bn in the US also boosted markets , with Sprint shares rising 1.5 % and T-Mobile gaining 1.8 % . Other telecom stocks also rose . AT & T shares increased by 1.9 % after the firm said its new streaming television service DirectTV Now has gained more subscribers so far than expected . Verizon shares climbed 1.2 % after the wireless carrier said it was selling 29 data centres for $ 3.6bn . Chipotle was one of the top fallers on the S & P 500 , dropping 7.6 % , after it said sales had not recovered as well as expected . Quarterly sales have been falling over the past year since food safety issues led to the temporary closure of dozens of Chipotle restaurants across the US .", "The 49-strong team for the event , which will be at London Stadium in Stratford from 14-23 July , contains 10 athletes who won gold at Rio 2016 . Two-time Paralympic champion , 24 , missed out on the 2015 World Championships through injury and will look to recapture the 100m title he claimed in 2013 . Media playback is not supported on this device Britain won 31 medals in Doha two years ago , including 13 golds , finishing fourth in the medal table . London will be the first time the event has been held in the same city and in the same summer as the World Athletics Championships , which run from 4-13 August . Six-time world champion is not included after withdrawing from British Athletics following a fallout with coach , and double T11 100m and 200m Paralympic champion misses out with an injury . , 26 , who has multiple sclerosis , won gold medals in track cycling and athletics at Rio 2016 , but has focused her training on athletics this year before her defence of her T37 100m title . , 24 , won world gold in the T34 100m , 400m and 800m two years ago , a treble she repeated in Rio last year . , 40 , can become a four-time T42 200m world champion in London , while will be given the opportunity to defend her club throw titles in the F51 and and his shot title in the F42 . T38 sprinter , who has cerebral palsy , can win her third individual 100m world title , despite only being 20 . Paralympic champions and are among nine athletes from Wales included .", "Shortly after telling the BBC his story the father , called , received a call from assuring him that arrests would be made . His wife was allegedly raped in Badakhshan province eight years ago . But says he has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested because they are politically powerful . His wife told BBC Persian about the incident . \" I told one of them , for 's sake , I have just given birth , I 'm like your child , even your daughter is older than me ,\" she said . \" I cried a lot , they beat me all over my head and body ,\" she said . \" Their bite marks were still on my body until a couple of years ago . \" Analysis : , BBC Pashto The stand taken by and his wife breaks something of a taboo in Afghanistan , where victims of sexual crime are generally cowed into silence . Soon after the media picked up the case , President spoke with and promised him that \" the case will be investigated properly and perpetrators will face justice \" . The victim herself told the BBC : \" I want justice to save other women from such a fate . \" In the wake of the publicity , the Afghan government will be under pressure to investigate the incident properly and ensure some kind of resolution . But there are also hopes that the stand taken by and his wife will embolden other victims of sexual crime , and have a lasting affect on how such cases are dealt with . , a policeman , told the BBC eight men were arrested after the incident , but six have now been freed because of their political connections . He says he and his family had to flee to the capital , Kabul , fearing for their lives . He has threatened to kill himself unless that changes : \" If they are not put on trial , I 'll have to commit suicide to escape the tensions I 'm suffering from . There 's no other way . \" went public with the threat on Afghan television . He later met the country 's interior ministry to press his case . While speaking to the BBC following the meeting , he received a phone call from Mr . He wept as they spoke . Mr was sworn in as Afghan president in September , pledging to tackle the issue of corruption as a priority . As well as political corruption , activists say violence against women is rife in Afghanistan , but rarely attracts much public attention . In one case that did spark national outrage , five Afghan men convicted of gang raping four women were hanged in October .", "18 January 2016 Last updated at 20:09 GMT , 27 , barricaded himself into his girlfriend 's flat in Princetown on Dartmoor on 18 January . He was arrested two hours after breaking through the roof , Plymouth magistrates heard . Unemployed of no fixed address admitted two charges of causing criminal damage and two of threatening behaviour .", "hit 175 as Warwickshire totalled 413 at Taunton , backed by half-centuries from ( 63 ) and ( 57 ) . Young paceman then took two of the four Somerset wickets to fall on his Championship debut . But was still there at the close on 41 , out of 94-4 . After two badly rain-interrupted days . the draw remains the most likely result . But the Bears , so badly beaten by an innings in their opening two matches , have at least given themselves a chance of forcing victory , although it would take 16 wickets in the day to do it - and getting out twice . Bottom club Somerset 's target on day four will simply be to avoid the follow-on - and they need a further 170 to do that . Somerset 's told BBC Radio Bristol : \" One of the office staff told me around 10 days ago how close I was to 25,000 runs and I have been sweating on it since then . \" I knew when I went in that I was 29 away . It got a bit tense as I moved closer . \" It is an achievement I am proud of but there is still a big job for me to do in this game . \" It was n't a great day for us and we need to concentrate hard tomorrow to make sure we come away with a draw . \" Warwickshire 's told BBC Coventry & Warwickshire : \" It 's great that is still playing county cricket and setting an example to the young players in his dressing room and opposition teams . \" There is no chance I will be still be playing at 41 . That 's just silly ! His will be a huge wicket for us tomorrow . \" I had just got past 100 when the new ball was taken so it was important I hung around for longer if we were to get a decent score . I started to think in terms of 400 when came in and played so well . \" There is a bit of turn because it is a used pitch . With so much rain , the crustiness has taken longer to form , but hopefully can cause them a few problems . \"", "The African nation took a first-minute lead , but quickly levelled . Skipper 's penalty put England ahead , before 's screamer and another from gave them a 4-1 half-time lead . 's shot was deflected in by a Guinea defender , with the Fulham forward adding two more in an easy win . 's men opened the tournament with a 1-0 win over Portugal on Thursday , Chelsea midfielder scoring the winner . Next they meet Paraguay on Wednesday , rounding off their group campaign against Japan on Friday . \" We spoke before the game about any team being capable of scoring against you ,\" said . \" We started in a sloppy manner , so that was disappointing . \" Our response was good , we showed composure to work our way back into the game . The goal difference might end up being important . \" But if we start games like that against better opposition , it will be a struggle to get back into it . \" England : , , , ( 54 ) , , ( 41 ) , , , ( 60 ) , ( 54 ) , . Subs not used : , , , , .", "He claims Universal Music have only paid the band a \" miniscule fraction \" of the money they were owed from downloads on sites like iTunes and Amazon . The musician is suing for compensation , according to legal documents filed in Los Angeles on Wednesday . The claim is also filed on behalf of his sister , , who died in 1983 . hired accountants to examine financial statements from Universal Music and its subsidiary , A & M Records , which has released The Carpenters' music since their debut album in 1969 . He says they found multiple errors , and that the labels \" improperly classified \" revenue from digital downloads of The Carpenters' music as sales of physical records - which attract a lower royalty rate . He also claims that digital downloads were undercounted . In a statement , said he had been unable to resolve the dispute without suing . \" The Carpenters recordings are among the best sellers in the history of popular music , and after 48 years continue to contribute a substantial amount to [ Universal 's ] annual bottom line ,\" he wrote . \" It seems only fair that these companies account fairly to my sister 's estate and to me . \" Specialising in radio-friendly soft rock , The Carpenters sold millions of records in the 1970s . The brother-sister duo won three Grammy Awards in 1970 and 1971 , including best new artist and best vocal performance for the ballad ( They Long to Be ) Close to You . The band 's career was cut short when developed anorexia nervosa in 1975 . Although they continued to record , the condition eventually led to her death , from heart failure . 's legal claim is one of many filed in the US after a 2010 court case involving Eminem , which resulted in a ruling that artists should receive higher royalty payments for digital downloads than they do when a CD or vinyl album is sold . The difference is substantial . According to Billboard , artists get 15 % of the money generated by the sale of a record . For downloads , which are counted as \" licensed content \" , the figure 50 % . Artists including , Public Enemy , Whitesnake and The Temptations have all sued , or threatened to sue , in order to obtain the higher rate . Universal Music were not immediately available to respond to the latest case . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Sayes Court will double in size and provide an additional 210 places by September 2015 . Surrey County Council said it needs to \" bridge a \u00c2 \u00a3 215m funding gap \" for 13,000 places , blaming an \" unprecedented demand \" on its services . It said nearby Esher School is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity by 210 places .", "The 26-year-old midfielder signed a one-month deal at Fratton Park on Monday and made his debut against Coventry in the EFL Cup 24 hours later . \" I have n't come here just to sit on the bench ,\" the Congo international told BBC Radio Solent . \" I 'm hungry and Portsmouth are a top club . \" and goalkeeper , 24 , have both signed short-term deals . returns for a second spell at Portsmouth , having left in 2010 . The former England Under-19 international has previously played for Barnet , Brentford and Dagenham .", "Back-row has a hamstring tear while wing is recovering from a serious knee injury . ( hamstring ) , and ( both illness ) are available to face Zebre on Friday . ( shoulder ) , ( ankle ) and ( hip / back ) could also return against the Italians as Ulster 's injury woes begin to ease . The trio are rated doubtful but will be sidelined for up to three weeks because of a \" low grade \" hamstring tear . will have exploratory surgery on a \" significant \" ankle fracture before a date is determined for his return . will have a further assessment on a toe injury while is set to see a specialist for a prognosis on a chronic foot injury . The return of Ireland internationals and would be a massive boost for an Ulster side sitting fourth in the Pro12 standings .", "They voted unanimously to ask pub firm Punch Taverns to not allow The Corn Exchange pub in Crickhowell to be turned into a convenience store . The town has only one national chain - Boots chemist - while all other businesses are family run and independent . Last week 200 people attended a protest over the plan . The final decision on the application will be taken by Brecon Beacons National Park Authority . Neither the park authority nor Punch Taverns were represented at the meeting .", "Media playback is not supported on this device opened the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time , heading an cross into the bottom corner . netted his 18th of the season shortly after the break . But pulled a goal back with a neat turn and finish and 's strike levelled the scores in stoppage time .", "St Clare 's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham has met with equality leaders at the city council to discuss a complaint from the pupil 's family . The council is supporting the school to ensure its policies are appropriate . But Muslim Women 's Network UK said the school was not at fault as young girls are not required to wear headscarves . Read more news for Birmingham and the Black Country The Handsworth school states on its website that \" hats or scarves are not allowed to be worn in school \" alongside examples including a woman in a headscarf . Labour councillor , cabinet member for transparency , openness and equality , met the school 's head teacher last week . In a comment posted on Facebook at the weekend , claiming the school had contravened the Equality Act , the councillor wrote : \" I 'm insisting this matter is addressed asap with a change of policy . \" Senior education officers from Birmingham City Council will also discuss this matter with the concerned school early next week whilst the head and governors discuss their next action . \" In a council statement , , cabinet member for children , families and schools , said : \" Each school 's governing body is responsible for the creation and implementation of its own uniform policy . \" However , the local authority is supporting the school to ensure its policy is appropriate , in line with legal requirements , and we are engaging with all schools to remind them of their responsibilities when it comes to setting school uniform policies . \" , from Muslim Women 's Network UK - which works to improve equality for Muslim women and girls , said : \" The school is allowed to set its uniform policy and schools do have to be mindful and inclusive and cohesive and make sure that they do n't breach their duties under the Equality Act . \" But they have n't done anything wrong because there is no Islamic requirement for a four-year-old to be wearing a headscarf . \" The school has not commented .", "repeatedly told Department of Work and Pensions staff in application forms and at interviews that he was single . But in reality he was living with his wife , despite having claimed to be separated . was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . The 59-year-old , from Dundee , had denied a charge under the Social Security Administration Act that he fraudulently claimed employment support allowance and income support totalling \u00a3 39,808 . Defence solicitor asked that be spared jail and given a community payback order as an alternative to a prison sentence . Sheriff told : \" Because of the sum of money involved a custodial sentence is the only option . \"", "The initial estimate showed growth picking up from the first quarter of the year , when it was 0.2 % . The ONS said the growth was driven by services , particularly retail , which more than offset falls in output in the manufacturing and construction sectors . It added there had been a \" notable slowdown \" in growth from last year . However , the figure for the second quarter was in line with economists' expectations . Analysts said the rise in growth was unlikely to change expectations that the Bank of England will keep interest rates at their current record low next week . ONS head of national accounts said : \" The economy has experienced a notable slowdown in the first half of this year . \" Film production in the UK , plus box-office receipts from cinemas , was one of the best performing parts of the economy during the period . \" While services such as retail , and film production and distribution showed some improvement in the second quarter , a weaker performance from construction and manufacturing pulled down overall growth ,\" Mr said . On Monday , the International Monetary Fund downgraded its forecast for UK economic growth this year because of the weak first-quarter figure . The IMF said it expects UK GDP to grow by 1.7 % instead of its previous projection of 2 % . Chancellor said the UK economy had now grown consistently for four-and-a-half years . \" We can be proud of that , but we are not complacent ,\" he added . \" We need to focus on restoring productivity growth to deliver higher wages and living standards for people across the country . \" Labour shadow chancellor said : \" Today 's GDP figures reveal weak growth under a weak government , and expose the last seven years of Tory economic failure . \" Growth for the first half of 2017 is below expectations , and it follows continued data showing working families are being squeezed with wages not keeping up with prices . \" Aberdeen Asset Management chief economist said : \" This pick-up will be taken as good news , but it really does n't amount to much . \" The figures are the first estimate of growth , based on very patchy data . They always get revised over time , and often substantially so . \" It 's the underlying trends that matter . They do n't look favourable at the moment , given the uncertainties around Brexit and the pressure on household budgets from higher inflation . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Blues boss says his side have \" almost \" won the Premier League title after their 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge moved them 10 points clear at the top . United dominated possession and had more chances than the league leaders . said : \" We prepared for it to be like this . It was the game we wanted and expected . \" Chelsea will be champions if they win at Arsenal and Leicester in their next two matches , having beaten third-placed United with a first-half goal from . Visiting manager said it was his side 's \" best display of the season \" but insists it was part of the game plan . \" It was difficult , but less than you think ,\" he said . \" Control their direct football to and control the wingers from making crosses on the inside foot . \" When we know plays in midfield , we control his progression into the box . Control set-pieces and do n't give away direct free-kicks as they have three specialists . \" Wait for a mistake and score a goal . We were able to make their important players disappear . Nobody saw them . They were in our pockets . \" United went into the match knowing they needed to win for the first time in five league visits to Chelsea to have any realistic hope of winning the title . But , despite big celebrations at the end of the match , was careful to point out his side are not champions yet . \" We are not celebrating ,\" he said . \" Football is not about ' ifs' and ' almosts ' , it is about mathematics . When it is done , it is done , and until that moment we do n't celebrate . \" The celebration is because we have beaten one of the biggest clubs in the world . The celebration is because they have everything to win that game and the result is because of the work they did all week to prepare for this game . \" I feel we are almost there but there are no ' almosts' in football . \"", "Older People 's Commissioner for Wales will call on pensioners and their friends and families to hear their experiences of residential care . The evidence will be used to develop recommendations for care providers and public bodies . It is part of 's review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales . She said she would highlight good care but also show the impact of poor care upon older people . \" The voices of older people , as well as those who care for and care about them , are at the heart of my work as commissioner , which is why I want to hear about their experiences of residential care ,\" she said . \" I have travelled extensively across Wales , meeting with many older people living in residential care , and have seen for myself the positive impact that high quality care can have on people 's lives . \" However , I have also received an increasing amount of correspondence in the past year about the quality of life and care of older people living in residential care and I have spoken publicly about what I consider to be unacceptable variations across Wales . \" The commissioner will be reviewing whether older people living in residential care have a good quality of life by looking at factors such as physical and psychological health , social relationships and the care home environment . Her team will also speak to care providers , social care staff and public bodies . \" By giving a voice to older people and their families , my review and recommendations will ensure that those who are accountable for and run our services understand the day-to-day realities of living in residential care in Wales and the action required to deliver the change needed to ensure that that older people living in residential care have the best quality of life ,\" she said . The chair of Care Forum Wales , , said his group was dedicated to developing and promoting best practice in social care and it supported the overall aims of the review . \" Our disappointment however - which will be shared by many providers - is that the commissioner has not included a provider expert on the main advisory panel ,\" he said . \" As far as we can see no-one who has lived in , worked in , managed or owned a care home is represented on the panel . \" In our view , this misses the opportunity for partnership working and to engage the sector fully into the advisory panel . \"", "Mr joined the civil service in 2010 and is currently deputy permanent secretary to the Welsh Government . He will succeed in the role from October . S4C 's chairman said Mr was a \" highly respected leader \" . Mr was educated at Ysgol Penweddig , Aberystwyth . He graduated in economics at Swansea University . He was director of Business in the Community Wales , from 2008 and 2010 , and a member of the Welsh Language Board from 2005 and 2010 .", ", who is currently on loan at Crystal Palace , tested positive for the fat burner higenamine in March 2017 and served a provisional 30-day suspension . Uefa dismissed the case in July . European football 's governing body blamed \" gaps in communication \" between Wada and two of its laboratories . A Uefa report released on Thursday said it was \" clearly not possible \" for anyone to tell whether higenamine is a prohibited substance by reading Wada 's banned list . \" The fact that the Cologne laboratory tested for higenamine but had to check with before making a determination indicates a problem , as does the fact that the Lausanne laboratory does not test for it ,\" it added . \" The onus is clearly on Wada to communicate to its laboratories what is and what is not on the prohibited list . \" There are clearly gaps in communication with regard to higenamine , something which also tends to support the suggestion that Wada 's own internal procedure and analysis in respect of this substance is incomplete . \" , 27 , admitted taking the substance without Liverpool 's knowledge but contended it was not on the banned list , which was supported by the report into the case by Uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body . The France international has not played for Liverpool since testing positive and moved to Palace on loan in February .", "If you have a picture you would like to share , please see below the images for details on how to submit yours . If you have a picture you 'd like to share , email us at england @ bbc.co.uk , post it on Facebook or tweet it to @ BBCEngland . You can also find us on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image there . When emailing pictures , please make sure you include the following information : Please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week . If you submit a picture , you do so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In contributing to England 's Big Picture you agree to grant us a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way that we want , and in any media worldwide . It 's important to note , however , that you still own the copyright to everything you contribute to England 's Big Picture , and that if your image is accepted , we will publish your name alongside . The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments . At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind of media .", "Maj-Gen said on the eve of Thursday 's annual Holocaust Day that he detected trends in Israeli society suggestive of \" nauseating processes \" that occurred in 1930s Nazi Germany . Mr said the comments were outrageous , cheapened the Holocaust and caused harm to Israel . Defence Minister said he had \" total confidence \" in . \" If there 's something that frightens me about Holocaust remembrance it 's the recognition of the nauseating processes that occurred in Europe in general , and particularly in Germany , back then - 70 , 80 and 90 years ago - and finding signs of them here among us today in 2016 ,\" the deputy chief of staff said on Wednesday . \" There is , after all , nothing easier and simpler than hating the foreigner ... arousing fears and terrifying . \" But Mr said 's remarks were \" utterly mistaken and unacceptable to me \" . \" The comparison drawn in the words of the deputy chief of staff regarding events which characterised Nazi Germany 80 years ago is outrageous ,\" he said . \" They do injustice to Israeli society and cause a belittling of the Holocaust . \" Correspondents say right-wing members of Mr 's coalition have called for 's resignation , accusing him of dishonouring the dead . But Defence Minister said the criticism was an attempt to cause political harm to the military . \" The attacks against [ ] and the current criticism against him are deliberate distortions of interpretation of the things he said last night ,\" he added . The remarks come at a time of heightened tension between Israelis and Palestinians . A wave of stabbing , shooting and car-ramming attacks by Palestinians and Israeli Arabs over the past eight months have left 29 Israelis dead . More than 200 Palestinians - mostly attackers , Israel says - have also been killed in that period . There has been debate and controversy over Israelis' response to the attacks . In March , an Israeli soldier was filmed shooting dead a wounded Palestinian . He has been charged with manslaughter . There has been some public sympathy for the soldier but Mr backed the military establishment in prosecuting him . In October last year , an Eritrean immigrant was shot and beaten to death by an angry crowd after being mistaken for an Arab militant in the town of Beersheba , prompting concern about mob reactions to people thought to be suspicious .", "In February 2016 ministers said funding would stay at \u00a3 6.7m in 2016-17 , whilst S4C 's remit and funding was reviewed . MPs urged ministers to drop plans to cut their contribution to \u00a3 6.1m as the review had not yet begun . Culture Minister said secretary of state was considering the matter . Most of S4C 's \u00a3 80m budget comes from the licence fee . The Wales Office does not expect the investigation to be completed until the end of 2017 . During a Westminster debate on Wednesday , Mr said the Department of Culture , Media and Sport 's contribution to S4C 's budget was currently set to fall to \u00a3 6.1m in 2017-18 . \" We are aware of commitments given by our predecessor [ ex-Culture Secretary ] around timing - and this is an issue the secretary of state [ ] is currently considering ,\" he said . Ceredigion MP , who called the debate on S4C 's future , said : \" It is absolutely right that a review takes place to ensure that it has the funding necessary to fulfil its remit and strategy over the longer term . \" The comprehensive review into S4C announced in February last year , by the former secretary of state , along with a reversal of a cut , prior to the outcome of the review , was welcome . \" But we are now in 2017 and still waiting for a promised review , and there is cross-party concern about the delay . \" Mr said there would be an announcement about the review \" shortly \" and promised that it would be chaired by someone with \" a thorough understanding of Wales and an interest in the Welsh language \" .", "ScotRail said the Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel would be closed from 20 March until 8 August . Services will divert to low-level platforms or Glasgow Central , bringing timetable changes and in some cases , longer journey times . The work is part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 60m upgrade project that will allow faster and longer trains to use the station . Passengers on ScotRail 's main Edinburgh to Glasgow service , via Falkirk High , are being advised to travel via Bathgate and Airdrie . That journey will take around 70 minutes . , managing director of the ScotRail Alliance , said : \" Upgrading the tunnel will allow us to run faster , longer , greener trains in the future . \" This will mean more seats , shorter journey times and less impact on our environment . \" The long-term benefits of this investment will be considerable , not just for our railway , but also for the country . \" ScotRail said the closure was necessary to enable major engineering work to renew 1,800m of existing concrete slab track formation , which carries the rails through the 918m tunnel . The firm said this was the largest engineering project undertaken on the Edinburgh to Glasgow , via Falkirk High , railway , since it was built . The project will involve 140 days of continuous round-the-clock working , the removal of 10,000 tonnes of existing concrete slab and the installation of 4,000m of new rails . ScotRail has now launched a dedicated webpage to give passengers more information about the impact of the project . Transport Minister said : \" This is a once in a generation project and one of the most ambitious ever planned on the Edinburgh-Glasgow route . \" The works will support the introduction of a new generation of faster , quieter and greener electric trains on routes across the Central Belt next year . \" Although I understand that this work will cause some inconvenience to passengers , the ScotRail Alliance is working to ensure that services are maintained where possible , disruption is kept to a minimum and that passengers are kept well informed throughout the work . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device , who took control of the Reds in the summer of 2012 , would not reveal the identity of the buyers . However , BBC Sport understands that a United States consortium , led by millionaire , is on the verge of securing a \u00a3 50m deal . The takeover would see the former San Diego Padres owner take an 80 % stake in the Championship club . Moores' consortium were previously interested in buying Premier League side Everton , and the potential new owners met club staff last week .", "The IMF 's steering committee , made up of 25 of the world 's largest economies , said the global outlook was fraught because of weak trade and a series of risks including a UK exit from the EU . It urged countries to boost public spending and avoid deflation . The IMF last week made its second cut to global growth forecasts this year . , managing director of the IMF , described the talks between finance ministers and central bankers in Washington DC as \" collective therapy \" to deal with the gloomy prospects . But she said calmer financial markets since February had reduced the nerves at the IMF spring meeting . \" There was not exactly the same level of anxiety but I think there was an equal level of concern , and a collective endeavour to identify the solution and the responses to the global economic situation ,\" she said . The IMF now predicts global growth of 3.2 % this year and 3.5 % in 2017 , having previously forecast 3.4 % and 3.6 % respectively . \" Downside risks to the global economic outlook have increased since October , raising the possibility of a more generalised slowdown and a sudden pull-back of capital flows ,\" the IMF steering committee said . It said countries' tax policies and public spending should be \" as growth-friendly as possible \" . But it also pledged to \" refrain from all forms of protectionism and competitive devaluations \" , amid concerns that some countries are keeping their currencies weak to boost exports .", ", and will take the stage in Cleveland on Thursday night with seven rivals . Fox News selected the 10 most popular Republicans based on five national polls , excluding Mr and South Carolina Senator . Those two and five other candidates will take part in an earlier debate . Former Pennsylvania Senator reacted angrily to his omission . \" The idea that they have left out the runner-up for the 2012 nomination [ ] , the former four-term governor of Texas [ ] , the governor of Louisiana [ ] , the first female Fortune 50 CEO [ ] , and the 3-term Senator from South Carolina [ ] due to polling seven months before a single vote is cast is preposterous ,\" his spokesman said . In contrast , Mr tweeted that he was looking forward to being on at 5pm for \" a serious exchange of ideas and positive solutions to get America back on track \" . The main debate takes place four hours later at 9pm local time ( 01:00 GMT ) . All eyes will be on hotel tycoon Mr , who leads the polls and has made headlines with outspoken remarks about many of his rivals . A fun guide to the 10 Republican debaters One of the Republican frontrunners , , became embroiled in a row with leading Democratic candidate over women 's health funding on Tuesday . The former Florida governor was attacked by Mrs after he told a conservative Christian audience he was n't sure \" we need half a billion dollars for women 's health issues \" . But he later said he \" misspoke \" after criticism of his remarks . Meet all of the 2016 hopefuls", "The 21-year-old joined Tigers on loan in February , making five appearances , and is one of four uncapped players in the England squad for the summer Tests . made his senior debut for Bristol in the 2013-14 British and Irish Cup , and scored six tries in 26 appearances . \" has made a big impression in his time on loan with us ,\" said Leicester director of rugby . \" He is a great young prospect and he seems to have found his home at Leicester in his time on loan with us . \" We hope he continues to build on that first impression and we look forward to seeing his development here . \" is in the England squad both for Saturday 's Test at home to Wales and the June tour of Australia .", "said job roles would change when the paper system for car tax discs is scrapped in October . The minister allayed fears about job losses in a letter to Swansea East AM . Mr said the minister 's response would \" give comfort \" to DVLA employees . Concerns over the future of some of the 5,000 workers at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency centre were raised in October after Chancellor 's Autumn Statement . The chancellor announced that the tax disc would be replaced with an electronic system in October 2014 . The new system will allow people to pay the charge by monthly direct debit . Mr had written to Mr asking for clarification of the government 's intentions . In his response to Mr , Mr said : \" It is likely that the introduction of a direct debit scheme may mean there will be a natural reduction in the amount of refunds received , in addition to the withdrawal of the tax disc . \" This may mean changes to job roles and the need to train on new processes . \" Any reductions in numbers of people needed for these activities will be managed through redeploying to other growth areas of the business . \" Mr welcomed the minister 's assurances . He added : \" Whilst disappointed that the changes will reduce the number of job opportunities at the DVLA , I can see the advantages of both paying by monthly direct debits and not having to show a tax disc . \" I am pleased the minister is committed to redeployment rather than redundancies and I am sure this response will give comfort to many concerned DVLA employees . \"", "The England and Wales Cricket Board made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches and says it has already made a difference . \" I think it has ,\" he told BBC Hereford and Worcester . \" If you look back , there have been some very poor wickets - maybe this was the only way they could do it . \" The 51-year-old former England wicketkeeper added : \" I think , to a certain extent , it 's worked . \" There have been some criticisms about wickets being too flat but if you 're prepared to bat for a long period of time and concentrate , you 'll get runs . \" Worcestershire 's two Championship matches so far - which have both been draws - have produced eight centuries , with five coming in the match against Gloucestershire and three more in their last game with Essex . England all-rounder , , and have all reached three figures for the New Road side and says better pitches will help sort out the best players . \" Too many good players were playing forward defensive shots and getting out to average bowlers - that 's what was happing before with the wickets ,\" he added . \" Now those bowlers are struggling a little bit - which I think is a good thing . \"", "Newsbeat has just the place for them . If the social networking company gets it way they could be checking in to Facebook Town . The social media company has bought up more than 200 acres of Silicon Valley . According to Silicon Valley Business Journal Facebook \" feel you just ca n't build a corporate campus , it has to be integrated into the community \" . A Facebook Spokesperson told Newsbeat : \" This purchase is an investment in our future and the future of Menlo Park . Being a good neighbour is extremely important to us . \" We look forward to continuing our dialogue with city and community leaders on local priorities in the months and years to come . \" In reality it 's still too early to say exactly what Facebook may do with the site and whether they will go ahead with a full scale giant Facebook town where workers and local people can live next to Facebook HQ . No official plans appear to have been drawn up and Facebook may not move in for a number of years but it is considering building the town . It owns the land near Menlo Park in California and has been the area 's largest employer for years . More than a quarter of the residents there work for Facebook . Building towns for workers is nothing new . In the past a soap factory built the town of Port Sunlight in the Wirral and Bournville in Birmingham was built for the chocolate company . Facebook Town may be seen as a way of offering something back to the area . The company and other computer industries have been blamed for pushing up house prices , making it hard for locals to get on the property ladder . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "died after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 October . The 16-year-old accused - who cannot be named for legal reasons - appeared in private at Aberdeen Sheriff Court . The boy is also charged with having a blade or point on school premises . He made no plea , was fully committed and remanded in custody . Special assemblies were held on Monday as pupils returned to classes for the first time since the incident . 's family issued a message of thanks for the support they have received .", "The 25-year-old has been with Carlisle since 2008 , making 160 appearances for the club and turned down a new deal to join the Saddlers . \" We knew he was after a new challenge . He can come in and be a dominant number one for us ,\" Walsall manager told the club website . Meanwhile , 22-year-old goalkeeper has agreed a new one-year deal . The contract signed by former Chester loanee , who has made one senior appearance for Walsall , includes the option of a further year in the League One club 's favour . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", ", 18 , died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked in Thurston Street , Slough , in August . He was walking home after spending the day at Notting Hill Carnival . was jailed for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder while and were given 10 and nine-year sentences respectively for manslaughter . , 18 , was also convicted of perverting the course of justice . and sentences were referred to the Court of Appeal by the Attorney General under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme . , 19 , had his sentence increased to 16 years , and , 18 , had his sentence increased to 15 years . 's sentence was not considered by the court . Speaking after the hearing , Attorney General said : \" These offenders knowingly participated in the plan to assault and injure knowing full well that really serious harm or death could be caused . \" Knife crime is a real scourge of our society and it 's important that prison terms for this type of crime reflect the seriousness of the offending . \" Mr , who was born in Holland but lived in Slough for 10 years , was stabbed while walking home after spending August bank holiday at the Notting Hill Carnival . He died later in hospital . Det Ch Insp of Thames Valley Police , said the three had \" hunted down \" Mr following a minor altercation between two groups at the carnival . He said : \" The three of them left dying in the street and it was members of the public who found him and came to his aid . \" Update 21 November 2016 : This story has been amended following updated information supplied by the Attorney General about the sentencing", "The 19-year-old moved to Glasgow a year ago and has played in more than 40 games for the Scottish champions . His 18-month deal ends in the summer and intends to return to City to battle for a place . \" I 'll always have that belief ; the more you play , the more you improve ,\" said . \" It 's been my first proper season playing men 's football . I did a bit at Fulham , but I was in and out , the same at Man City , so coming here , the manager before [ ] played me a lot and 's [ ] been really good with me as well . \" It 's been good and I 'm thoroughly enjoying it . I came here to improve , to win trophies and score goals . \" Hopefully at the end of the season I can take that back with me to City and have a good go there . It 's been a great experience and I 'm thankful for that . \" has often found and starting games ahead of him this season , but the winger says he has learned from working alongside in particular . He also insists that the camaraderie within the squad has been a significant factor as Celtic reached the Champions League group stages and have put together a run of 25 unbeaten domestic matches . If Celtic can avoid defeat against St Johnstone on Wednesday , they will equal the record of 26 set by the Lisbon Lions in the 1966-67 season . , though , insists that the players are not giving too much thought to the record . \" The team spirit 's been great since day one , when the manager came in and the boys came back for pre-season ,\" he said . \" We 've kept each other going , we 've had good times , fun together , and done well on the pitch . It shows in results and if we continue to do that , it should be a very good season for us . \" It 's [ about ] momentum , you feel good , positive and go into every game believing you can win . The more you win , the more positive you are . We 're in good stead right now and we 'll go into Wednesday firing and ready to go . \" We 're just going out with the mentality to win every game . On Wednesday we 'll show that again . We 'll be buzzing to be back in the league and looking to put on a good show . \" It 's more other people [ looking at the record ] , we just focus on trying to win . We 'll do all we can to do that and focus on the game . \"", ", 30 , has signed an undisclosed-length deal after leaving the Hornets , where he failed to play a first-team game in three years . His most recent senior match in England came for Plymouth in January 2013 . Keeper , 31 , joined Colchester in January on a short-term deal and rejected the offer of a new contract . The former Luton , Barnet and Oldham player found himself as number two to , who played every league game last season . will coach keepers and , with leaving the role after more than nine years at the club . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "and from Bosbury , in Herefordshire , were found dead at their home in August . Each had died from a single shotgun wound . A shotgun registered to Mr , 71 , was recovered by police at the scene . Assistant Coroner recorded a verdict of unlawful killing for Mrs , while finding Mr intentionally took his own life . The couple 's daughter said she was shocked , but not surprised . \" did n't want to continue to live like that and could n't see a life without ,\" she said in a statement . The inquest , sitting at Hereford Town Hall , heard Mrs , 70 , had been suffering from 's disease and anxiety . Friends described how Mr had been devoted to his wife , known as , and had been upset when she attended a nearby respite care home . A couple of days after arriving at the care home , the inquest was told Mr arranged for his wife to return home and two days later the couple were found dead . Relatives alerted police after becoming concerned about them . They were found in a workshop at the back of their garage . The door had been locked from the inside and the handle removed . Giving evidence , Det Sgt said there was no sign of any third-party involvement . The inquest also heard Mr had been concerned by plans by travellers to move on to land next to their home .", "The government said it has now turned back 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach Australia by boat . In July a small wooden boat , the first \" illegal \" vessel entry into Australia since June 2014 , was spotted off the north-west coast . It was not seen again and the government refused to say where it was . The government usually refuses to comment on boat turn-backs but Immigration Minister on Thursday told local media : \" There were 46 people on a recent venture that did come from Vietnam ; we have negotiated their return to Vietnam . \" \" The boat that they came on has been scuttled and we have been able to stare down that venture ,\" he said , adding that the government 's policy was not to allow people arriving \" illegally \" by boat to settle in Australia . Australia has been sending migrant boats back to where they came from since December 2013 . Refugee support group VOICE said three of the Vietnamese refugees were now in police detention in Vietnam . Spokesman told the Australian Broadcasting Corp they were being held \" for an indefinite period for interrogation \" . The Greens party has said the turn-backs are a breach of the UN 's Refugee Convention . Greens Senator said last month that handing the Vietnamese group back to Vietnam would be refoulement - the expulsion of people entitled to claim refugee status .", "The Spaniard , 23 , started on pole but slipped to fifth place after an early technical issue . He recovered and overtook with 12 laps to go , securing his fourth win of the season and taking his championship total to 248 points . struggled to close down 's lead and fell behind defending champion to finish in third . Victory - the 28th of his career in the top category - gives a clear lead over second-placed , with four races remaining . Earlier , became the first South African motorcycle grand prix world champion since 1980 as he won the Moto3 title . 1. ( Spa ) Honda - 41 minutes 57.678 seconds 2. ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:00.418 3. ( Ita ) Yamaha - 42:03.661 4. ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:05.916 5. ( GB ) Honda - 42:10.899 6. ( Spa ) Honda - 42:14.750 7. ( Spa ) Suzuki - 42:16.200 8. ( Spa ) Yamaha - 42:17.110 9. ( Spa ) Aprilia - 42:20.749 10. ( Ger ) Aprilia - 42:25.576 1. ( Spa ) Honda - 248 points 2. ( Ita ) Yamaha - 196 3. ( Spa ) Yamaha - 182 4. ( Spa ) Honda - 155 5. ( Spa ) Suzuki - 149 6. ( GB ) Honda - 105 7. ( Ita ) Ducati - 104 8. ( Ita ) Ducati - 96 8. ( Spa ) Yamaha - 96 10. ( Spa ) Ducati - 84", "Cornish-born was meant to be back with winning partner , but , 27 , won the with last season . \" We had a whole year together last year so hopefully it 'll click into place ,\" she told BBC Radio Cornwall . \" It 's clicking into place fairly easily , we just need to get back onto the same page technically and get doing the same things . \" replaced last season after she and won three World Cup events together last season as well as the world title in South Korea . And with a good performance in Amsterdam , says there could be some tough decisions for the Great Britain selectors as to who partners her in the coxless pair for the rest of this season . She said : \" It 's going to be a quite interesting one with coming back after taking a year out with the army and staying here . \" There 's lots of selection things about who will be in the pair out of those two . \" But I want to keep my eye on the World Championships at the end of August in Amsterdam . \" It 'd be great to try and hold on to our world champion title , whoever else is in the boat with me . \"", "He said it was \" dispiriting if pretty unsurprising \" to see 's government turn their back on the coalition 's \" liberal stance \" . The former deputy prime minister also criticised his former partners' \" swagger \" over the EU referendum . And , in his final speech to MPs as Lib Dem leader , he predicted the EU debate would \" devour \" Mr 's party . A contest to replace Mr is under way after the election left his party with just eight MPs . \" My party 's presence may be much , much reduced in size , but our mission is clearer than ever ,\" said Mr . He said new data monitoring powers , resisted by his party in government , represented a \" turbo charged snooper 's charter \" , and said there had not been enough to support social care and house-building . He accused the Conservatives of ditching their commitment to civil liberties . \" The human rights we hold dear , our right to privacy in an online age , our future as an open-minded , outward-looking country , are all hanging in the balance again because of the measures announced today ,\" he said . \" The previous coalition government 's commitment to fairness is weakened ,\" he added . Mr said he sensed \" a slight swagger \" among the Conservatives over Mr 's bid to repatriate powers from the EU , saying the PM was \" ambivalent \" towards the UK 's place in Europe . And he called for electoral reform and wholesale changes to Britain 's constitution , adding : \" This sort of piecemeal tinkering does not go nearly far enough . \" He began his speech , in a half empty chamber , by saying it was \" an unaccustomed surprise \" to speak in the Commons without being greeted by a \" disobliging wall of noise \" from the opposition benches . Following the Lib Dem leader in the Commons , Conservative MP said history would treat Mr 's time as deputy prime minister more kindly than the electorate had .", "Output rose 9.3 % from a year ago , which was up from March 's figure of 8.9 % but below market forecasts for a 9.5 % rise . Fixed-asset investment also weakened in the first four months of 2013 . Last week , a separate survey suggested that manufacturing activity , a subset of industrial production , grew at a slower pace in April . \" This is not the start of a rally , it is a sputtering whimper as momentum continues to fade ,\" said economists at IHS Global Insight . By Linda YuehChief business correspondent IHS also said that slowing fixed-asset investment - a key measure of government spending - suggested weakness in manufacturing and infrastructure construction , and warned that the pace could fall further amid government efforts to curb the housing market . Separately , Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts also warned that there was an increased \" downside risk \" to the economy . China 's economy expanded at an annual rate of 7.7 % in the first three months of the year , down from 7.9 % in the previous quarter . Officials have warned that the economy is set to slow as the government attempts to rebalance the economy by getting domestic consumer demand to drive growth , rather than investments and exports . This attempt now appears to be having an impact . According to government statistics , in the first three months of this year , the largest part of the economy was services - not manufacturing .", ", 20 , came through the Royals' academy system and signed his first professional contract last summer . He made his professional debut against Nottingham Forest in August . , 21 , joined Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer and has scored four goals in 20 games for the Stags in all competitions . Pools are awaiting clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo to feature against Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday .", "Polling booths opened at 07:00 BST in the area 's 15 constituencies , with results expected to be declared after midnight . Votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00 BST . For the latest news from all the counts on Merseyside , go to our election live service or check the results on your constituency profile page .", "The poster with the phrase # prayforjosh appeared in Holywood by the A2 within the last week . It is part of a social media campaign supporting 13-year-old , from Donaghadee , County Down . Life took a dramatic turn for the teenager when he was diagnosed with cancer on Christmas Eve . He was due to have an operation on his appendix at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast . However , doctors instead discovered and removed a large primary cancer and five smaller growths . The news shocked 's family , but since his diagnosis they have received lots of support from people all over the world . It began as a hashtag on Facebook and Instagram by Bangor Elim Church , where 's father is on the pastoral staff , and has since gone viral . The church 's senior pastor , , said he was amazed by how many people have supported and his family so far . \" We were in total shock when he was diagnosed , and really the family just wanted support from people and to ask people to pray for ,\" said . \" It certainly is n't a campaign as such , we just put the hashtag on our Facebook posts to get some of our congregation thinking about him . We had no idea that it would take off . \" We would use social media quite a lot because we have quite a young congregation , and we 've been posting updates about from his family . \" The update was shared 948 times and it 's been seen by over 79,000 people . It 's absolutely phenomenal . \" We thought there had been a mistake , but you can look at the views and where they 've come from , and there are people all over the world supporting him , which is great . \" But how did a social media hashtag lead to the appearance of the massive billboard ? said that last week a mystery donor paid for the sign and it was erected at Holywood playing fields . \" We do not know where it came from , we did n't put it there , but it means a lot to have such support ,\" said . There has also been a huge outpouring of support on Twitter for the Bangor Grammar pupil , with his classmates using the now-global hashtag for their friend . As 's family and friends continue to support him in his recovery , it now seems there will be people all over the world will be following suit , thanks to the kindness of County Down strangers .", "GKN Aerospace in Yeovil , Somerset , which makes airframes for Royal Navy helicopters , said the potential loss of the contact puts 230 jobs at risk . Leonardo , which assembles the Wildcat helicopter in the town , has told GKN it plans to take production in-house . The firm said the current arrangement was \" no longer sustainable \" . The union Unite said it was a \" massive blow \" . GKN has begun formal consultations with the unions regarding potential job losses in Yeovil . The firm said in a statement that the move by \" puts at risk the long term viability of our Yeovil site \" . GKN added : \" Having completed a thorough assessment of the business , we have regrettably concluded that GKN Yeovil , as it stands today , is no longer a sustainable business and will have to be significantly downsized or fully closed . \" We will now enter a period of consultation with nominated employee representatives . \" of the Unite union said talk of a potential site closure was a \" bit of a shock \" . \" We 've had quite a few redundancies over the years , and work has dropped off a little bit ,\" he said . \" So I think people were expecting something to happen . But not a closure . \" More than 250 jobs were lost at GKN 's car manufacturing branch in Telford in Shropshire in August .", ", of Connsbrook Avenue in east Belfast , pleaded not guilty to charges including kidnapping and false imprisonment . The defendant , 25 , also denied charges of common assault , assaulting a police officer and driving dangerously . The charges relate to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on Saturday 4 April . Newtownards Magistrates Court heard that the defendant and the woman were in his car in east Belfast when he began questioning her about who she was seeing . A detective giving evidence in court said the woman tried to get out of the Seat Toledo car but the defendant allegedly drove off at speed , through a red light on Bloomfield Avenue . When the car stopped on the Belfast Road in Comber , the woman escaped along a lane but was carried back to the car by the defendant , the court heard . An off-duty police sergeant saw this and went to help the woman . When the sergeant tried to intervene , the defendant allegedly drove his car at the officer , forcing him to get out of the way . The sergeant was able to pull the keys from the ignition through the car 's open window , but the defendant wrenched them from his grasp . He then drove to the Grand Parade area of east Belfast where the woman was released . He is also alleged to have sent the woman a message threatening that if she went to police about the incident he would \" ruin her life in every possible way \" . The court heard that the defendant handed himself over to police on Wednesday , despite being aware since Saturday that he was wanted by the PSNI . But during police interviews he refused to answer questions put to him . An application for bail was made but this was refused . Mr will appear again in court on 1 May .", "The rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles ( 418km ) west of the Western Isles and is only 30m ( 100ft ) wide and 21m ( 70ft ) high above the sea . The Nato documents report how the UK claimed Rockall in 1955 . The government feared that it could be used by \" hostile agents \" as a place to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range . A small team of military personnel was taken to Rockall by the Royal Navy in September 1955 to claim as UK territory . A Union Flag was raised and a plaque installed on the rock . In the documents , it says : \" This decision of the UK government was connected with the fact that the UK government had recently decided to set up a guided missile range in South Uist , in the Outer Hebrides . \" The island of Rockall was uninhabited but this government wished to guard against the possibility of hostile agents installing themselves on the island in order to observe the effects of the tests on the South Uist range . \" People have stayed on Rockall , though only temporarily , in the past , including in 1997 when three campaigners from Greenpeace managed to climb on to the rock . They lived on Rockall for 42 days and renamed it Waveland in protest at exploration of new oil and gas reserves in the surrounding seabed . In 2014 , a Scots adventurer broke the record for occupying the remote North Atlantic rock . Adventurer survived on there for 43 days , beating the previous record held by three Greenpeace campaigners who lived there for 42 days . The time also beat the previous solo record of 40 days set by in 1985 . Mr celebrated achieving the solo record by popping a small bottle of champagne while also sending a tweet with a message to veteran adventurer , of Morar in the west Highlands . His message was simply : \" Sorry Tom . \"", "Sir received Liverpool 's Citizen of Honour at a ceremony at the city 's Liver building . The 84-year-old also gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover entitled Everybody Razzle Dazzle . Sir , who was born in Kent , said he hopes Liverpool people will accept him as an \" honorary Scouser \" . Lord Mayor of said : \" Sir has helped shape Liverpool 's cultural significance on the global stage for more than five decades - from to . \" His work with The Beatles was one of the seminal moments in popular art in the 20th Century and 50 years on still resonates around the world as we will see with our 50 Summers of Love programme . \" She said he had continued to make outstanding contributions to the cultural life of the city \" underlining the depth of feeling he has for Liverpool and the city has for him \" . Sir said : \" As well as my music links with the city , I 'm proud of my association with Liverpool Biennial and Tate Liverpool and hope to continue my relationship with the city . \" He said he treasures \" the warmth and good humour of the people of Liverpool \" . Citizen of Honour awards were introduced in 2008 to recognise individuals who have enriched the image of Liverpool and its citizens . Recent recipients include , founder of the nightclub brand Cream , and and Fantastic Beasts film director . The Snowdrop ferry was due to be returned to its original paintwork at the end of 2016 but it has been extended until 2019 .", "The 25-year-old , who is 6ft 9ins tall , joined the Minstermen from Tranmere Rovers on a two-year deal in May , but has only made five appearances . 's first stint in professional football in England was at Wycombe and he spent time at Conference North side Oxford City before joining Tranmere . He is available for Alfreton 's game against Welling United on Saturday .", "Its new official forecast is for the gap between spending and taxes still to be a deficit of \u00a3 7bn in 2019-20 , compared with the Office for Budget Responsibility 's forecast made at the last budget for a surplus of \u00a3 7bn . Its gloomier projection may be seen as a particular embarrassment for the Tories , given that unlike Labour and the Liberal Democrats they are committed to generating a surplus on the overall budget . However a small part of the forecasting difference between the IMF and the OBR is that the IMF assumes there will be a weakish minority government after the election and therefore spending will be a bit higher than the Tories' plan . So a senior Tory put a brave face on the IMF 's disagreement with the OBR and said it showed the risks of voters not giving them a clear mandate . However that is not the whole story , in that the IMF also believes the OBR is being a bit too optimistic about growth and tax revenues in the latter years of the next parliament . In truth therefore the IMF is highlighting that whoever leads the next government may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending a bit more than currently planned . This may represent a bigger headache for the Tories than Labour or the LibDems given that in the last few days the Tories have committed themselves to \u00a3 6bn of tax cuts and \u00a3 8bn of increased spending on the NHS , without saying where the money for these giveaways would come from . In fact just yesterday a senior Tory pointed to the OBR 's projected surplus for 2019 / 20 and said that would cover ( almost ) the NHS commitment . Well the IMF today says that \u00a3 7bn surplus is a chimera . All that said , the IMF forecast is a million miles from being devastating for any party : the difference between a \u00a3 7bn deficit and \u00a3 7bn surplus in 2020 is just 0.6 % of GDP or national income - which is a rounding error in the context of a deficit that was a humongous 10 % of GDP just five years ago .", "and , formerly a reporter on the BBC One consumer show , will join and when its new series begins next month . 's departure from Watchdog after 12 years on the programme was announced earlier this month . 's addition to the line-up comes more than 30 years after her completing work experience on the show . \" Watchdog is the reason I got into television ,\" she said . \" After doing two weeks work experience on the programme when I was 16 , I was determined to become a journalist . \" I 've presented Watchdog Daily and Test House for the past three years . I 'm delighted to have been asked to join , and for the new series . It feels like I 've come full circle . \" joined the BBC in 2005 and has previously reported for Watchdog and the Crimewatch Roadshow . \" I 'm passionate about uncovering and investigating new stories and excited to work with , and ,\" she said . \" I 'm genuinely excited to be part of such a fantastic team . \" The new series of Watchdog starts on 8 October .", "A new report published by the corporation showed licence money spending had a positive knock-on effect for regional economies . The total expenditure over the two-year period came to \u00a3 4.3bn , which led to a gross value-added ( GVA ) boost to the economy of \u00a3 8.3bn . However , spending in London was three times the rest of the UK combined . The report said : \" The effect of initial BBC spending is ' multiplied ' as it ripples through the economy from region to region and sector to sector ( and to the employees of those sectors ) . This is known as the ' multiplier effect '.\" The BBC 's chief economic and policy adviser explained : \" The basic premise is that when the BBC spends a pound , the impact of that pound is ' multiplied ' as that pound spent by the BBC creates value elsewhere in the economy . \" So , for example , if the BBC were to buy a camera from a supplier in Manchester , the camera supplier would receive some money in return for the camera . \" The camera company would then use the income generated from the sale of the camera to pay their suppliers for the components that went into the camera and to also pay their employees and so on . \" added : \" A really good example of how this multiplier effect works is when the BBC commissions a programme that is made by an independent television production . \" The programme might be filmed in Scotland using local runners , electricians , make-up artists etc . who are paid and then will spend their wages in Scotland to the benefit of the Scottish economy . \" The report revealed significant growth in the north of England following the opening of the new BBC North headquarters in Salford Quays , with GVA growing 19.7 % to \u00a3 391m . But in the Midlands , it fell 21.7 % to \u00a3 199m , while the south was down 18.8 % to \u00a3 699m and Wales dropped 6.2 % to \u00a3 276m . London saw the biggest expenditure of \u00a3 2.98bn - nearly three times as much as the rest of the UK combined - which in turn generated \u00a3 5.65bn GVA . , the BBC 's director of policy and strategy , used the findings of the report to call on Ofcom to reverse its plans for a spectrum tax on broadcasters next year . In a blog post he wrote : \" The wider benefit of the licence fee provides an extra reason for Ofcom to think again before it implements a spectrum tax next year : a levy on the spectrum broadcasters use to transmit their programmes . \" As well as hitting licence fee payers , such a tax would remove much-needed cash from the UK 's creative sector . \"", "Security assistance has been withheld since 2011 , when the Gulf state put down mass Shia-led protests . But US State Department spokesman said that Bahrain had made progress on human rights , including the release of political prisoners . Bahrain is home to the US Navy 's Fifth fleet and has flown airstrike missions over Syria as part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State ( IS ) . \" We believe it is important to recognise that the government of Bahrain has made some meaningful progress on human rights reforms and reconciliation ,\" State Department spokesman said in a statement . He added that this did not mean that the US thought the human rights situation in Bahrain was adequate . \" Following the lift of these holds , we will continue to press Bahrain on our human rights concerns ,\" Mr said . He gave no details about what the security assistance would entail . The move was quickly criticised by rights groups . , the Washington director of Human Rights Watch , said that the decision to lift restrictions was taking place without any \" real or meaningful political reform \" in Bahrain . She said in a statement that \" Bahrain 's jails are bursting at the seams with political detainees and the recent prison sentence for political opposition leader , secretary general Sheikh , means that a political accommodation remains as far away as ever . \" Earlier in June , Sheikh was jailed for four years for inciting hatred , promoting disobedience and \" insulting \" public institutions . Shia-dominated demonstrations against Bahrain 's Sunni monarchy have occurred sporadically since 2011 . Dozens died when the government moved to quash protests four years ago .", "The ticket for the Grosvenor in Norwich was bought for seven shillings and sixpence and signed at the gig by and . It also states the band were supported at the now defunct venue on Prince of Wales Road by local band and the Hucklebucks . The ticket is being auctioned by Bonhams on 3 July . At the time of the gig The Beatles were celebrating their first number one single From Me To You , which stayed at the top of the British singles chart for seven weeks . said if the ticket also contained the signatures of and , it would have been worth nearer \u00a3 4,000 .", ", 56 , from Troedyrhiw , has not been seen since he left his home at about 12:00 GMT on Saturday . South Wales Police had appealed for information following his disappearance . On Monday , the force confirmed a body has been found but has not yet been formally identified . Mr family has been informed .", "Red Bull motorsport boss told Germany 's Bild newspaper : \" The idea of Mercedes is finished . We are now focusing elsewhere . \" Team principal said he was doing \" necessary due diligence \" in talking to other manufacturers . With their partnership with Renault disintegrating , the team may be forced to switch to Ferrari engines . Mercedes are understood to be against supplying Red Bull - who are contracted to Renault until 2016 - because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive . Media playback is not supported on this device The German giant is also concerned about what it and many other F1 insiders perceive to be Red Bull 's history of antagonistic relationships with engine partners . Red Bull 's relationship with Renault has been difficult for some time , and appears to have become untenable in recent months as the team 's frustrations with the lack of competitiveness of the French engine boil over . Honda is the only other manufacturer in F1 , but partner McLaren would almost certainly exercise their veto over any potential deal with Red Bull , who in any case are not believed to be interested in a deal with the Japanese company at this stage . Renault , which supplies only Red Bull and sister team Toro Rosso in F1 , is in the final stages of negotiations to take over the financially troubled Lotus team , although no deal has yet been completed . Ferrari team principal said the Italian company was prepared to supply Red Bull if necessary . He said he was not concerned about their reputation for being able to build highly-competitive chassis in F1 , led by their design chief . said : \" In theory they have big names , with as chief designer and it is easy to think that if you give them the engine they will build a scary chassis , which means they will be really competitive . \" Concerning my team , my engineers and aerodynamicists know their own jobs . For that reason I do n't have a problem , and competition is nice when you have a stronger competitor . \" This does n't mean tomorrow morning we will give our engines to Red Bull or Toro Rosso . \" But I do n't see any kind of problem to give our engine to any other team or be scared of the competition before they start . \" This is not the right spirit of competition or what Ferrari represents . We fight with everybody . \"", "The \" call for sites \" forms part of the second stage of a comprehensive review of the island 's planning strategy . The department has stressed that no guarantees will be given as to where development can take place , but it wants to assess the potential . Islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications . The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan . Two main areas have already been deemed suitable for development in Guernsey . These are St Peter Port and St Sampson / Vale , which have already been extensively developed . There are 10 further areas which are under consideration as \" local centres \" , where development will be encouraged in order to provide housing and employment opportunities . Only submissions relating to these areas will be considered . Details of successful and unsuccessful submissions will be published in the final review , meaning there will be no confidentiality other than in respect of contact details . Information about the consultation and the submission form required have been made available on the department 's section of the States website .", "The Highland village 's Ruthven Road is mentioned in a line in the film delivered by , from Edinburgh . 's appearance at the screening will mark the launch of new weekly film nights in Kingussie . The village does not have a cinema , but will hold the events in a local hotel . Holding weekly film nights was suggested during an annual festival celebrating movies . Organiser said : \" This was all born at the Kingussie Food on Film Festival when a survey was carried out into interest in a film night in Kingussie . \" The reaction was very , very positive . \" Directed by , Slumdog Millionaire won eight Oscars in 2009 .", "Division One leaders Middlesex , who were bowled out for 381 at Taunton to lead by 145 , looked in charge when they reduced Somerset to 59-3 and 126-4 . But , who made 124 , and , still there on 115 , shared 181 to leave the contest in the balance . Somerset closed on 348-6 , an advantage of 203 runs . On a surface that has become easier for batting as the game has progressed , the outcome seems likely to rest on the length of time spends at the crease on the final day . Somerset would perhaps want to post a target in excess of 250 , while anything less would probably leave Middlesex as favourites . That the home side , who at one stage looked set to be defeated inside three days , are still in with a shout is down entirely to and . Opener had seen bowled offering no shot to and captain shovel the same bowler to point for a duck . After was caught at slip from the off-spin of , found some support from , but when he mistimed a pull to mid-on , Somerset were still 19 behind . But , playing characteristically powerful cover drives , and , who capitalised as the Middlesex bowlers often dropped short , compiled their huge fifth-wicket stand to drag the hosts back into it . 's 48th Somerset hundred took him past Sir to second on the all-time list , while completed his 14th first-class ton . Only when found some late energy did he have both and caught behind , leaving to accompany to the close . was earlier the last Middlesex wicket to fall , caught at slip off for 78 , missing a maiden first-class hundred , just like , who fell to the same combination for 93 .", "Lights first went off as , a pro-government lawmaker , defended the energy policies of President , reports said . Opposition MP quipped on Twitter : \" The country 's reality has hit them in the face . \" The session was later suspended . Venezuela faces a severe electricity crisis and shortages are frequent . Reports said other buildings in the same area of the capital , Caracas , were also hit by power cuts , on Wednesday afternoon . Venezuela 's National Assembly is controlled by the opposition . , an opposition MP , tweeted a video of the chamber in the dark . MP , also from the opposition , said : \" What a shame : the parliament session was interrupted because the energy went off . Right on the day we 're discussing the energy sector law . \" Oil-rich Venezuela is in the middle of a deep economic crisis caused by a drop in global oil prices . The country is suffering from a shortage of basic goods , food and electricity . Earlier this year , the government introduced power rationing and a two-day working week for public sector workers as ways to tackle the crisis . It said a major drought , which dramatically reduced water levels at its main hydroelectric dam , was to blame . But the opposition accused authorities of mismanagement . Some of the measures have already been lifted .", "Prop , 25 , and 23-year-old brother , started their careers at Thornbury Rugby Club . Both have become England regulars since joining Saracens , with winning 29 international caps and 23 . They were both junior members at the club on the outskirts of Bristol in South Gloucestershire . , who was chairman of Thornbury RFC at the time , said they were \" big lads \" when they were 11 or 12 and caused the opposition \" a lot of problems \" \" If you saw them in Thornbury and they were walking to the club or to school they 'd always have a rugby ball in their hand and throwing it from one side of the road to the other over the traffic ,\" he said . Mr also recounted the time when , their PE teacher at nearby Castle School , was knocked to the ground by after asking him \" did he play rugby \" . \" grunted ' yes ' , so picked up a tackle bag and ran straight through him when he was about 13 ,\" Mr said .", "was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy . She was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living . She had attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day , two of them raw . Ms was the oldest of eight siblings , all of whom she has outlived . She died at her home in the northern city of Verbania . Her life not only spanned three centuries but also survived an abusive marriage , the loss of her only son , two World Wars and more than 90 Italian governments . Ms had admitted that her longevity was partly down to genetics : her mother reached 91 and several sisters reached their centenary . But it was also down to a rather unusual diet of three eggs - two raw - each day for more than 90 years . It was a regime she took up as a young woman , after the doctor diagnosed her with anaemia shortly after World War One . She had cut down to just two eggs a day , and a few biscuits recently . Her doctor of 27 years , , had told AFP news agency that she rarely ate vegetables or fruit . \" When I met her , she ate three eggs per day , two raw in the morning and then an omelette at noon , and chicken at dinner . \" Ms also credited her longevity to her decision , in 1938 , to kick out her husband - a year after her baby boy died at just six months old . The marriage had never been healthy , she said . She had been in love with a boy who was killed during World War One , and had no interest in marrying someone else . But , she told La Stampa newspaper in an interview when she was a spritely 112 that she was left with little choice . \" He told me : ' If you 're lucky you marry me , or I 'll kill you ' . I was 26 years old . I got married . \" Eventually , it became too much . Though they separated in 1938 , they remained married until he died in 1978 . Ms , who worked until she was 75 , chose never to marry again . \" I did n't want to be dominated by anyone ,\" she told the New York Times . She had only taken on a full-time carer a couple of years ago - but had not left her small two-room apartment for 20 years . According to the US-based Gerontology Research Group ( GRG ) , the world 's oldest human being is now Jamaican , who was born on March 10 , 1900 .", "Owens' team suffered a record European defeat as they conceded nine tries in a 64-14 Champions Cup hammering in Paris . With New Zealand 's World Rugby player of the year kicking six goals and organising the demolition , Wales international believes Racing will be hard to beat . \" It 's difficult to stop a side like Racing - they 've got the complete package ,\" said . \" They are the best team in Europe . \" Saracens in England are up there , playing very good stuff . But I think Racing , with the squad they 've got , the calibre of player and the different variations in their game , have the edge . \" Racing beat Scarlets 29-12 in Llanelli in November , before World Cup winner made his debut for the French club . \" They had a different mindset when we played them before - they were happy to live off our mistakes ,\" continued . \" But today they upped the tempo and brought the game to us and they have definitely improved . \" coming in , plenty of experience , a ball-player , really organising the backs - he 's made a big difference to their back line . \" He allows players to play off him and his organisation - you could just hear him talking - he 's a huge asset to any team . He 's the best player in the world and it shows . \" However , head coach was not happy with his team 's discipline at Stade Yves du Manoir . Scarlets were under pressure , but had stood up to Racing 's power before the Welsh region 's second row was shown a yellow card for a high tackle on deep in Racing territory . And within five minutes , Scarlets wing followed the Samoan into the sin-bin for a tip tackle . At that point the score was 10-0 , but by the time returned , Scarlets trailed 31-0 . \" Twenty-one points came pretty quickly ,\" said . \" Look , they are a class side when it 's 15 on 15 , let alone taking one and then two players off , so that did hurt us . \" So I was disappointed with our discipline in that early part of the game . \" Scarlets have now lost all five of their European Champions Cup matches this season - with the visit of Northampton Saints still to come .", "The scores were level at the break with and crossing for the visitors and and going over for Widnes . Saints took the lead when kicked a penalty , after the Vikings had been penalised for offside . That looked to be the winning score , but the hosts eventually made their pressure tell when crashed over . The New Zealander 's second try of the night gave the hosts a first home win of the season , and they are now just one point off 11th-placed Huddersfield . Victory will ease some of the pressure on coach , but his team did it the hard way . They were much the better team in the first half but went in level at the break after individual errors contributed to them failing to add to their 12 points . Saints had a try ruled out by the video ref at 14-12 up , before 's decisive score gave Widnes a vital two points . Widnes : , , , , , , , , , , , , . Replacements : , , , . St Helens : , , , , , , , , , , , , . Replacements : , , , . Whitehaven v Halifax in the Challenge Cup fifth round is live on on Sunday , 23 April on Connected TV and online from 14:55 BST , along with live text commentary online .", ", from Ebbw Vale , Blaenau Gwent , could not compete at the Commonwealth Games because of her kickboxing past . She said she was unhappy with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association ( WABA ) . Chairman said the organisation did all it could to help . The Association of International Boxing Associations ( AIBA ) said was ineligible to compete for Team Wales because she had competed in professional kickboxing in the past , which she denied . Organisers of the kickboxing tournaments she competed in have also since confirmed she did so on an amateur basis . A further rule states any boxer returning from another individual contact sport should apply to an international committee to become eligible to box again . said she was never told about the paperwork , which had to be submitted by WABA , and felt the association let her down . She now trains at Bristol Boxing Gym and has her first professional fight in Newport on 30 October . She added : \" I would never go back to Team Wales after this , because if you do n't have confidence in the people who are supposed to be fighting your corner , at the end of day , what 's the point ? \" Mr said the whole incident was \" regrettable \" .", "won 6-3 7-5 in a largely commanding performance . The 29-year-old , who has now won seven titles this year , has beaten the Japanese on nine successive occasions . , who was beaten in the third round at Wimbledon by , will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics . \" I do n't need to explain that every athlete dreams of being a part of the Olympic Games ,\" he said . \" I 'm competing in singles and doubles . \" Hopefully I 'll get at least one medal . \"", "However , the Bairns boss has underlined that any forward signing will need to exhibit even more quality than two of his promising youngsters . \" If I bring another striker in he 's got to be better than young and ,\" said Houston . \" I would be looking for the more experienced type , and another defender would come in handy as well . \" Eighteen-year-old , a London-born Scot who has progressed through Falkirk 's academy , glanced in a fine equalising header against Cowdenbeath on Saturday to ensure 's side left Central Park with a point . The former Dundee United manager stated in no uncertain terms that he wants to \" eradicate \" the errors that allowed Cowdenbeath to lead twice in their first Championship game of the season . labelled \" not picking up runners \" as the problem for conceding the opening goal and a \" crazy mix-up \" as the reason former Bairn gave the Blue Brazil a second . An \" exceptional \" strike and 's header kept Falkirk on level terms . \" To score a header like that is not the easiest thing ,\" added . \" He put it right in the corner so credit to him . \" He made an impact when he came on and he might be due a longer run from the start . Next up for the Bairns is the visit of Rangers on Friday .", "Swansea University 's Dr and Emeritus Prof , are among a team who have found ancient earthworks , possibly 2,000 years old . The discoveries were made in Acre state in the western Brazilian Amazon . Researchers from the universities of Exeter and Reading , and Brazil 's S\u00c3 \u00a3 o Paulo , Bel\u00c3 \u00a9 m are also part of the team . Their research investigated ditched enclosures which were concealed for centuries by bamboo-dominated rainforest until modern deforestation allowed the discovery of more than 450 large geometrical \" geoglyphs \" . The team said the function of these mysterious sites is still little understood . They are unlikely to be villages , since archaeologists have recovered very few artefacts during excavation , and their layout does not suggest they were built for defensive reasons . Instead it is thought they were used only sporadically , perhaps as ritual gathering places , similar to the Maya pyramids of Central America , or Britain 's own Stonehenge . Although Dr - who has analysed soil samples from the geoglyphs - said the surroundings in which they were built were very different to other ritual sites around the world . He looked at phytoliths - a type of microscopic plant fossil made of silica - to reconstruct ancient vegetation ; charcoal quantities , to assess the amount of ancient forest burning ; and carbon stable isotopes , to indicate the type of vegetation growing there in the past . \" The indications are that the geoglyphs were constructed amongst taller vegetation . So , unlike the towering Maya pyramids of Central America , they were likely not visible above the forest canopy , and this raises questions about their purpose ,\" he explained . It had been assumed prior to the arrival of Europeans in the early 16th Century , the Amazonian forests had been pristine ecosystems , free from human influence . But the new research indicates a wide variety of plant species spread over 6,000 years , which could only have been artificially brought together by humans . It suggested instead of burning large tracts of forest - either for geoglyph construction or agricultural practices - people transformed their environment by concentrating on economically valuable trees such as palms . The team have likened it to a form of \" prehistoric supermarket \" of useful forest products . They said there is \" tantalizing evidence \" to suggest the biodiversity of some of Acre 's remaining forests may retain a strong legacy of these ancient \" agroforestry \" practices to this day .", "Two of the songs come from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha , which was a Broadway smash in the 1960s . \" As far as I am concerned , is the most metal fictional character that I know ,\" the star said . \" Single handed , he is trying to change the world , regardless of any personal consequences . It is a wonderful character to sing . \" The album also includes an ear-splitting version of 's My Way - originally written by - which originally released in 2006 . \" My Way is a very remarkable song ,\" said the star in a YouTube preview . \" It is also difficult to sing because you 've got to convince people that what you 're singing about is the truth . \" Sir launched his singing career in the 1990s , with an album of Broadway tunes , including I Stole The Prince from Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Gondoliers , and Epiphany from Sweeney Todd . In 2010 , his album Charlemagne : By the Sword and the Cross , which told the story of the first Holy Roman Emperor won a Spirit of Metal Award from Metal Hammer magazine . His latest release , Metal Knight , is a collaboration with Italian symphonic metal band , Rhapsody Of Fire . \" I associate heavy metal with fantasy because of the tremendous power that the music delivers ,\" he has said . The actor is known for his numerous appearances as Dracula , as well as playing in The Man With The Golden Gun , in , and in the Star Wars prequels . Last year , he was presented with a fellowship from the British Film Institute .", "took charge of the Black Cats in October when they were winless in their opening eight matches , but guided them to 17th and safety . \" I do n't want to go through that again ,\" he told BBC Newcastle . added that he plans to discuss transfer targets with owner in the next few days . Sunderland survived with a game to spare after victory over Everton with describing it as a \" miraculous achievement . \" However the former West Ham and Bolton boss , who has never been relegated , says the club must learn from its mistakes this campaign . \" Our season has been a difficult one . I do n't want to go through that again - that 's the most important thing for me , not to put myself through what I did to get where we are today ,\" he added . \" The turnaround has given me great satisfaction . It has n't made me forget about when it was tough , and we have to make sure it does n't happen again . \" Sunderland ended the season with only one defeat in 11 games , and were unbeaten in their last six . plans to discuss summer signings with when he is back from a mini-break - a meeting that \" will be one of great importance \" according to the the 61-year-old . \" We will have a couple of days off and then see what the situation is ,\" said . \" I ca n't look or see in to the future . It looks very positive but until we need to get down and talk about it . Then we can move forward . \"", "He retained his position with 41,337 votes , ahead of Conservative , who received 25,229 . Those figures were a total of first and second preference votes as there was no overall winner with 50 per cent after the initial round . The total turnout was 79,829 - 19.73 % of the electorate , which was up 5 % from the 2012 election . Candidates standing in Cleveland Constabulary are listed below . Candidates are listed alphabetically by surname . BBC News App users : tap here to see the candidates . More information is available on the Choose my PCC website .", "Her , who had been staying at the Palace of Holyroodhouse , popped into the Sheep Heid in Duddingston on Friday . The had earlier been at Musselburgh Racecourse 's 200th birthday celebrations . She is very rarely seen eating out at public restaurants , but the 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s . In 1580 , King of Scotland gifted the landlord an ornate ram 's head snuff box . It is believed he , and his mother of Scots , stopped by the inn many times to play skittles in the courtyard . As a mark of gratitude he presented the landlord with the unusual gift which remained on site for 300 years before being sold at auction to the Earl of Rosebery . A Sheep Heid spokesman said : \" I can confirm the Queen was here . \" He refused to give details on what she ordered . However , it has been reported that the and her companions enjoyed two portions of lamb and a fillet of seabass .", "Lance Corporal was convicted of killing in a hotel room in Olongapo city , north-west of Manila , last year . will face between six and 12 years imprisonment . The case has strained ties between the US and the Philippines , a former US colony where the Americans have a significant military presence . The marine was on leave in Olongapo on 11 October 2014 , after joint military exercises with the Philippine army , when he met in a bar . Police said they left together and checked into a hotel , where she was found dead the next day , apparently strangled and with her head inside the hotel toilet . had previously testified in court that he had attacked after he realised she was transgender , but said she was still alive when he left the room . The prosecution had argued should be convicted of murder , but the court downgraded this to homicide . was also ordered to pay at least 4.5 million pesos ($ 95,350 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 63,140 ) to 's family . 's sister , , told Reuters news agency : \" We expected a murder conviction but instead got homicide . We are not content with the decision . \" will be temporarily detained in a Philippine jail until the Philippine and US governments agree on where he should be held during his prison term . The case has led to calls from left-wing groups for the Philippines to end its military agreements with the US . Under the agreement , the Philippines can prosecute US military personnel but the US retains custody over them \" from the commission of the offence until completion of all judicial proceedings \" , the Associated Press reports .", "Evidence of suspected match-fixing in elite tennis was revealed this week by a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation . \" Future players will see the headlines and see it 's not an option at all ,\" doubles representative told BBC Scotland on Wednesday . \" I think if anyone is found to be doing it , that should be them . They should n't be playing again . \" , 31 , and his partner , were beaten 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 in the first round of the Australian Open on Wednesday by and . \" The key thing about sport is that it 's pure , you do n't know the outcome of any given match , and that 's what people pay to come and watch ,\" he added . \" You never know what 's going to happen . That 's key and they have to preserve that . \" I 've never been approached to take money or anything to fix a match or lose a match . It does go on because people have been banned at lower levels . I 'm surprised to see the article come out and talk about higher levels ; I certainly have n't been aware of anything going on there . \" The said he had no idea as to the identity of the suspected match-fixers , and suggested additional funding could be granted to the Tennis Integrity Unit ( TIU ) , set-up to police the sport . \" Your guess is as good as mine ,\" he said of those involved . \" There were no names in the article because it 's very difficult to prove anything . I think that 's the issue the TIU has in that a match can be reported or look suspicious , but it does n't necessarily mean players are guilty . \" It can just be people throwing money on a match . \" was adamant , though , that no such activities were occurring in Melbourne . \" I think if you 're sitting at home or buying a ticket to come and watch here at the Aussie Open , I 've no doubt in my mind you 're watching pure sporting theatre ,\" he said . \" Players going at it and the best player winning on that day . There 's no doubt in my mind that is the case here . \"", ", formerly known as , was sentenced to 35 years in military prison for leaking a massive trove of classified US documents . After the conviction , she announced the desire to live as a woman . However , the US military prohibits transgender people from serving openly in the military . Rear Admiral , the Pentagon spokesman , confirmed to the New York Times that Defence Secretary had approved a request from the Army to \" evaluate potential treatment options for inmates diagnosed with gender dysphoria \" . The Associated Press news agency first reported the US military was weighing a potential transfer to civilian prison , citing unnamed Pentagon sources . But on Wednesday , Rear said no such decision had been been made yet . \" Any such decision will , of course , properly balance the soldier 's medical needs with our obligation to ensure remains behind bars ,\" he said . A local judge in Leavenworth , Kansas , approved 's name change request last month , a move the military did not oppose . has been diagnosed by military doctors multiple times with gender dysphoria , the sense of one 's gender being at odds with the sex assigned at birth . But she has requested treatment , including hormone therapy , and the ability to live as a woman . According to a complaint filed by 's lawyer , a military doctor at Fort Leavenworth - where she is being held - had approved a treatment plan by November 2013 . But it was delayed as it was sent higher up the chain of command for consideration . The US military is required to treat diagnosed disorders of its soldiers but its policy allows summary dismissal of transgender people . Mr has said the military policy on transgender soldiers \" continually should be reviewed \" . \" Every qualified American who wants to serve our country should have an opportunity if they fit the qualifications and can do it ,\" Mr said on Monday , but he did not say if he believed it should be overturned . Despite this policy , a recent study by a US university estimated there were about 15,000 transgender people serving in the US armed forces . will not be discharged from the military until she finishes her sentence . A judge recently denied a clemency request . Transfers from military prisons to civilian Federal Bureau of Prisons facilities are not unprecedented , but they are usually done after the inmate has been discharged from the military .", ", 22 , was seeded eighth in the tournament but lost 7-5 6-2 to the world number 101 in Seoul . The British number one , ranked 46 in the world , converted just one of seven break points in the first set and the American dominated the second set . 's early departure comes less than a month after her first-round defeat in straight sets at the US Open .", ", who was recently released by Nottingham Forest , was on trial with the Perth outfit in the last few weeks of the 2016-17 campaign . And the midfielder has now signed a one year deal at McDiarmid Park . Manager told the club 's website : \" I was very impressed with in his trial and he will go straight into the first team squad . \" has been included in Northern Ireland 's squad for their opening Euro Under-21 qualifier in Estonia on Thursday . St Johnstone finished fourth in the Premiership in 2016-17 and go into the Europa League qualifiers later this month . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "30 December 2016 Last updated at 17:39 GMT In the last decade alone they 've bought up Pixar , Marvel and Lucas Films which owned The Star Wars empire - leading to suggestions that they are now so powerful that they have colonised childhoods . Children 's author says Disney can reinvent itself \" like the Royal Family \" . He told Radio 4 's The World at One that Disney has been successful at selling itself by doing things \" in an ambivalent way \" .", "Figures from the university admissions service , Ucas , show it was the highest number for five years . Students placed through clearing tend to be those who did not get the grades for their favoured courses . But a dip in university applications has left universities looking to fill more places than usual . There have been reports of some leading universities offering places through clearing . This year 's early figure is nearly double the number of students placed through the system at the same point five years ago . Overall , 437,070 students have been accepted on to university courses - the vast majority getting the grades for their chosen places of study . This is down 1.3 % on the same point last year , Ucas figures show . About 134,840 students are still registered as looking for places in clearing . Since 2013 , universities have been able to recruit unlimited numbers of students who achieved certain grades in their A-levels . It comes after the proportion of candidates awarded top grades rose slightly on last year . Ucas chief executive said with nearly 45,000 courses looking for students there was a huge amount of choice out there .", "Foreign investors have been blamed for driving up the cost of real estate in Toronto and Vancouver . Hurt by failing oil prices , Canada 's ailing economy has become a major issue as the country elects new leadership . Mr said that about 15 % of condos in Vancouver are n't being lived in . \" If such foreign , non-resident buyers are artificially driving up the cost of real estate and Canadian families are shut out of the market , that is a matter we can and should do something about ,\" said Mr said , who was campaigning in Vancouver on Wednesday . While home prices in the country 's interior have fallen , prices have remained high in Toronto and Vancouver . The average price of a detached home in Vancouver - the country 's most expensive market - is more than $ 1 million ( \u00c2 \u00a3 640,000 ) . 's Conservative Party said it was looking into restrictions on foreign homeownership that have been put in place by other western countries . Australia limits the ability of foreign buyers to purchase existing homes for investment , and only allow foreign investment resulting in new home construction . If necessary , Mr said the Conservative government will take action in coordination with the provinces to make sure foreign non-resident investment \" supports the availability and affordability of homes for Canadians . \" His administration also announced that Canadians will now be permitted to withdraw $ 35,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 17,241 ) instead of $ 25,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 12,315 ) from retirement accounts to purchase their first homes .", ", from Shrewsbury , was born with a rare disease and had the life-saving transplant on Thursday . His father donated part of his liver after no suitable match was found from the organ donor register . Grandmother , a former theatre sister , said : \" The consultants are very happy with their progress . \" She said it had been a \" very , very difficult 12 months \" , adding : \" The operations were satisfactory . Everything is going on according to plan .... the consultants are very happy with their progress . \" was born with biliary atresia , which meant he had blocked bile ducts . He had a transplant before his first birthday but that liver had begun to fail , so a second one was required . underwent the operation on Thursday at Birmingham Children 's Hospital and Mr was operated on at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in the city . His grandmother said : \" I used to look after him ( ) three days a week when his mother went back to teaching and he got to know me very well . \" I think we 've got a special bond . He was born on my 63rd birthday . \" She said 's two-year-old brother , , has been \" impeccably behaved \" . \" It 's hard for him . It 's the first time he 's been away from his mother for as long as this and he obviously misses , as we all do . \" She added : \" It 's brilliant with the support ( the family have ) had and the support we 've had as grandparents . \" The whole family 's pulled together and they have a wonderful lot of friends . \"", ", 17 , of Ulverston , died of 's lymphoma in 2013 after publishing her wish list . , 33 , admitted getting her charity Alice 's Escapes to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,000 for her to go on a trek to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania . admitted fraud and was jailed for 10 months suspended for two years . The court also heard how sold raffle tickets for a false raffle and never handed over the money . She also told the charity that she was unable to transfer money after the trip to Tanzania . Sentencing , Recorder said she had committed an \" unpleasant and serious \" offence . Alice 's Escapes was founded in 2012 by who 16 at the time . The teenager wanted to provide holidays in Cumbria for seriously ill children and their families . The top item on her bucket list was the hope that everyone in the UK would sign up as a bone marrow donor , an aspiration which Prime Minister praised in the House of Commons . It is estimated that about 40,000 people signed up as donors as a direct result of her appeal . and her sister raised more than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 .", "America sent about 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl from Essex and met her in a hotel , Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said . The 22-year-old had previously been dismissed by the force after he stole uniform and visited schools without authorisation . , of Salford , was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court . He was also given a sexual harm prevention order and will be on the sex offenders' register for life . He admitted six counts of sexual activity with a child , one of grooming and one of taking indecent photographs of a child . GMP suspended in January 2014 after finding he had \" used his role inappropriately \" while entering a school without authorisation on an independent patrol . But , after removing his uniform and warrant card from him , was again found to have gone to a sixth form college while wearing police uniform . On searching his home , officers found a large quantity of police uniform to the value of \u00c2 \u00a3 970 and arrested him on suspicion of theft . Subsequent allegations of inappropriate contact with children prompted a new investigation in September 2015 . 's confiscated phone and computer revealed 4,000 messages had been sent to a 14-year-old girl in Essex . She revealed they had met up in a hotel booked by . He was then charged with a number of sexual offences and remanded in custody before being formally dismissed in April . Supt said : \" I am pleased that America is now off the streets and unable to harm any more young girls . \" We are continuing to investigate the possibility that may have more victims and we are appealing for anyone who may have been approached inappropriately by him online , or in person , to come and speak to police . \"", "The company said the agreement included a guarantee that a conductor would be retained as the second member of staff on board new trains being rolled out next year . The dispute led to several days of strikes over the summer . Further industrial action was suspended earlier this month for more talks . ScotRail said the RMT would now present the proposal to its members in a company-wide vote . The company said discussions had also taken place with Aslef , the train drivers' union , and a similar in-principle agreement reached . The RMT said it would make its position clear once the proposed deal has been discussed by its national executive on Tuesday . ScotRail Alliance managing director said : \" I am pleased that we have reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT and Aslef unions that , if formally agreed , will bring this dispute to an end . \" This will end the uncertainty for our people and our customers , and will allow us to concentrate on delivering the best possible service for Scotland , every single day . \" What we have put forward in our proposal will make our service more efficient and more effective while maintaining and enhancing the service we provide to our customers . \" It means that the new faster , longer , greener trains that will arrive in autumn next year really will be a revolution in how we deliver our service . \" An RMT spokesman said : \" After long hard hours at the negotiating table , and a sustained period of determined and solid industrial action involving our members , RMT 's team will be reporting back to the unions executive tomorrow where the details will be considered in full . \" A further statement will be issued by the union after that executive meeting . \"", "The humpback has been seen at Pettycur Bay , Kinghorn in Fife . Humpback sightings are not uncommon in Scotland , but a large whale so far up the Forth estuary is a lot more unusual . Police Scotland is warning boat owners to keep a safe distance from the whale . , Police Scotland wildlife liaison officer , said : \" This is a fantastic opportunity for wildlife watchers and marine tourism but it is essential that the health and well-being of the animals is considered at all times . \" The Forth estuary is subject to large tidal changes and any disturbance to the visiting whale could cause significant risk of it becoming distressed and moving further into shallow water and then becoming stranded by a rapidly outgoing tide . \" Legislation is in place to protect these marine mammals . Please enjoy this wonderful occurrence but do show respect to the whales and be aware of the protection afforded to them . \" I recommend boat and vessel owners follow the Wildlife Safe ( WiSe ) scheme . In this particular case , commercial and recreational users should not make any attempts to approach or actively pursue the whale . \" The scheme , which is a UK standard for commercial marine wildlife watching , includes a code of conduct and sets out best practice for wildlife watching . \" Endangered species such as dolphins , porpoises and whales are protected by wildlife legislation including the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 . Under the Act , it is an offence to intentionally or recklessly disturb them .", "Panthers kept alive their title hopes and closed the gap on leaders Devils to four points . Two goals from put Panthers in control before replied . , and 's two goals secured the win . The sides meet again in the Challenge Cup final at the Sheffield Arena on Sunday .", "was the first black woman to be named Miss America in 1983 but resigned after a magazine published nude photos of her without her consent . \" I want to apologise for anything that was said or done ,\" said Miss America CEO . A tearful called the statement \" unexpected \" and \" beautiful \" . Now 52 , she has forged a career as an actress , with major roles in Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives . She also scored a global hit in 1992 with the ballad Save the Best for Last ; and her recording of Colors of the Wind from Disney 's Pocahontas soundtrack earned her a Golden Globe , a Grammy and an Oscar for best original song . The New Yorker won Miss America in September 1983 but , months later , the pageant 's executive committee voted unanimously to request that she resign after Penthouse magazine published naked photographs she had posed for several years earlier , remains the only title-holder who was asked to resign in the pageant 's history . She was invited back to the competition this year by Chairman , who asked her to serve as head judge . Before the competition started , he invited her on stage to receive the apology . \" I have been a close friend to this beautiful and talented lady for 32 years ,\" he told the audience . \" You have lived your life in grace and dignity , and never was it more evident than during the events of 1984 when you resigned . \" Though none of us currently in the organization were involved then , on behalf of today 's organization , I want to apologize to you and to your mother , . \" He continued : \" I want to apologize for anything that was said or done that made you feel any less than the Miss America you are and the Miss America you always will be . \" The audience gave a standing ovation and TV coverage showed her mother on the verge of tears . \" Thank you so much , , so unexpected but so beautiful ,\" said the actress . \" I did the best that I could as Miss America in 1983 to 84 ,\" she said . \" On behalf of my family , my mother in particular ; [ publicist ] , who orchestrated this entire thing to bring me back ; and your leadership , your integrity and you bringing this pageant back to what it ought to be . I love you . I love the girls . And I 'm so honoured to be back . \" then returned to her seat and helped select the new Miss America - 21-year-old of Georgia .", "The decommissioned Type 22 frigates HMS Cumberland , HMS Campbeltown , HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour . Bidders had until 23 January to register an interest in the former Devonport-based ships . The BBC understands no proposals to preserve the ships have been submitted . Those who have registered an interest are finalising their bids with viewings set to take place in late February and March . A final decision is not expected until the spring . The government 's Disposal Services Authority , which is handling the sale , wants to award at least one of the frigates to a UK ship recycler to determine the capacity of the UK 's industry in the field . , Conservative MP for Portsmouth North , said it was important UK recyclers had the chance to prove themselves in the field but she was also keen to see at least one of them saved from the scrapyard . She added : \" For anyone that has served on a ship it 's your home , you 've literally been through the wars with it ... and you want them to have a noble second life . \" My preference is to go for the reef and diving attraction . \" We 've got to get best value for the budget but a reef would also generate income for part of the country through tourism . \" The Ministry of Defence has previously said it will \" consider all options \" for the frigates to ensure \" best financial return for the taxpayer \" . A spokeswoman would not comment on the number or nature of the bids received due to \" commercial sensitivity \" . Originally designed as a specialist anti-submarine ship , the Type 22 frigate evolved into a powerful surface combatant with substantial anti-surface , anti-submarine and anti-aircraft weapons systems . They were also known for having excellent command and control , and communication facilities , making them ideal flagships on deployments , with a complement of about 280 crew . Last year , the aircraft carrier HMS Ark Royal was sold as scrap for \u00c2 \u00a3 3m .", "Scottish Hydro-Electric Transmission Ltd , a division of energy giant SSE , submitted the \" needs case \" as part of the planning process for the cable . After assessing the case , energy regulator Ofgem has asked for further details to be submitted . The project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 780m . Islands local authority , Comhairle nan Eilean Siar , has said major renewable energy projects planned for the isles cannot go ahead without the cable . The interconnector would export electricity to the mainland for distribution . It would stretch to about 50 miles ( 80km ) from Gravir on Lewis to Ullapool on the north-west coast of mainland Scotland . The Scottish government has been involved in talks on the project . A spokesperson said : \" This is a matter for SSE and Ofgem , but we would encourage the company and regulator to move swiftly to resolve this issue . \" Improved grid connections will enable the huge renewable energy resources of Scotland 's islands to create jobs - up to 3,500 jobs in the Western Isles , almost 2,900 in the Shetlands and over 4,500 in the Orkney Islands by 2030 . The spokesperson added : \" SSE put a business case for the Western Isles link to the electricity regulator Ofgem on 14 June , and today Ofgem have responded by setting out the detailed further information they require . \"", "Mr , 42 , is being flown back to Sweden from Africa , Sweden 's Foreign Minister said in a statement on Monday . He was seized by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) along with two other men , one of whom was freed in a dawn raid in 2015 . said Mr was \" in good spirits \" , local media report . \" It is with great pleasure that I can announce that has been released ,\" Ms added . She said that the Swede 's release was thanks to \" extensive efforts \" and co-operation between the Swedish foreign ministry , police and \" foreign authorities \" . said she had spoken with Mr , who she described as being \" happy \" and \" overwhelmed \" by Monday 's events . \" I cannot say more at the current time ,\" she added . Sweden 's former Foreign Minister said that Mr 's kidnapping weighed heavily on his mind during his time in the role , which ended in 2014 . He tweeted on Monday : \" Extremely gratifying that is free . No single case concerned me more as foreign minister . \" Mr was kidnapped along with South African and Dutchman . Mr was freed by French special forces in April 2015 after he was discovered by chance in a dawn raid in northern Mali . AQIM took a number of Western hostages before the French military deployed its forces in January 2013 . In a separate incident in December 2014 , French hostage was freed after a prisoner swap .", "The study by a number of Welsh universities showed under-15s were five times more likely to need hospital care than non-diabetic children . Academics said treating the condition was complex and \" poor management \" can lead to medical emergencies . The Welsh government is working to improve the situation . Type 1 diabetes is where the pancreas does not produce any insulin and it is more common in childhood than type 2 , according to the NHS Choices website . Experts from Cardiff University , Swansea University , the University of Bristol , Bangor University and Cardiff 's University Hospital of Wales looked at the data of 95 % of all young people in Wales with type 1 diabetes . They said money should be spent on improving ongoing care with diagnosed cases rising 3-4 % a year . Prof , paediatric diabetologist from the University of Ulm , Germany , said : \" Hospitalisation keeps children out of school and away from their families and friends . \" In addition , costs to the health care system are high , money which should be invested to improve continuous outpatient management and family support for those affected . \" The Welsh government helped to fund the research , which studied 1,577 Welsh children with the condition . It has launched a strategy , Together for Health - a Diabetes Action Plan , to improve health care . \" We have prioritised children 's services in our diabetes delivery plan , and established an all Wales paediatric diabetes network , so that all 14 centres can share the latest research and ensure that they all deliver the same high quality care ,\" a spokesperson added . Ten-year-old , from Wrexham , was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes six months ago and since then she has become more anxious , according to her mother . , 35 , said her daughter was now less carefree . She said : \" does n't enjoy having her insulin injections and would gladly wish her condition away . \" She felt embarrassed at first and still feels different , especially when other kids have bigger snacks than her . \" Asked if she was worried about her daughter having to go into hospital , she said \" all the time \" . \" Because I know it 's more of a possibility now - it 's every parent 's worse nightmare ,\" she added .", "'s 22-year-old son , also called , was shot by military police on Thursday . Mr says he once worked with the president on Caracas' transport system , and called on his \" former colleague \" to clear his son 's name . The president has said firearms must not be used on protesters . \" I want to speak to my former colleague of the Caracas Metro ,\" Mr told a group of reporters outside the morgue . \" , you know that we worked together , I 'm Supervisor . \" He said he used to be Mr 's boss , although the past working relationship between them has not yet been confirmed . President is a former bus driver , who got involved in trade unions and then national politics , becoming president in 2013 after his predecessor died . \" Please , , my friend ,\" Mr said with tears streaming down his face , before calling on the leader to make it clear that his only son \" was not a criminal , he was a graduating student \" . \" You met him when he was little ,\" he added . Earlier in the week , , 17 , was also shot and killed as security forces and demonstrators clashed in Caracas . There have been almost daily anti-government protests in Venezuela for over two months as the country 's economic and political crisis has worsened . More than 70 people have been killed in protest-related violence since 1 April , according to figures released by the chief prosecutor 's office . On Thursday , Interior Minister tweeted to confirm the death of a protester and said a police sergeant had fired an \" unauthorised weapon \" . President , in a press conference on the same day , said : \" I am giving the clear order that you can not use firearms . I am giving the clear order that you can never shoot in a demonstration , under any conditions . \" A group of demonstrators returned on Friday to the place where Mr was killed , and set some trucks on fire . Also on Friday , supporters of jailed opposition leader released footage that they say captures his cries from a military prison on the outskirts of Caracas . \" !\" he calls to his wife . \" They are torturing me ! \" In a press conference earlier the same day , said she has not been able to see him for 19 days and his lawyers have been denied access for 78 days . News site Ultimas Noticias has responded by publishing photos of the politician , which they say are from Friday and show him to be \" fine \" . is three years into a 14-year sentence for inciting violence during anti-government protests in 2014 .", "conducted a series of interviews with former IRA members , on the understanding that the contents would not be made public until after their deaths . Boston College has been issued with a subpoena instructing it to hand over the material on 6 May . Mr said he had engaged a lawyer to \" resist the efforts to raid his personal memoirs \" . Dozens of loyalists and republicans provided testimonies to Boston College staff compiling an oral history of the Northern Ireland conflict . What are the ' Boston tapes ' ? Dozens of former paramilitaries were interviewed in Belfast and other cities and towns from 2001-2006 as part of an oral history project known as the Belfast Project . Details about internal politics and activities of the IRA were revealed on tape , including accounts of a hunger strike in prison in the 1980s . Overall , the project cost about $ 200,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 118,520 ) , mostly provided by an Irish-American businessman . Each interview was transcribed , sent by encrypted email to New York and then the material was sent to Boston College , where it was placed under lock and key at Burns Library . Following a lengthy legal battle with the college , the Police Service of Northern Ireland gained access to a small number of the interviews in 2013 . Interviews were given on the understanding that tapes would not be made public until after their deaths . Detectives want to access the recordings as part of their investigations into murder and other paramilitary crimes from the 1970s to 1990s . In June last year , police were given access to interviews given by former loyalist prisoner . It followed a decision by senior judges in Belfast to lift an injunction on the PSNI taking possession of Mr 's recorded account to Boston College researchers . In 2013 , detectives investigating the abduction and murder of Belfast mother-of-10 in 1972 secured the transcripts of former IRA woman 's account . That material was handed over following court battles on both sides of the Atlantic .", "The exotic pet , which is 12 months old , has a vulnerable shell and the shop appealed for information on Facebook , saying it was concerned about its \" specific care requirements \" . The animal was taken from Lathom Pets and Aquatics in Ormskirk on Tuesday afternoon , Lancashire Police said . The shop 's owner said CCTV showed a man taking the tortoise - which needs calcium supplements - out of the tank . Four people had entered the pet shop together , co-owner said . \" I was serving , chatting to the group and getting change out of the till for a woman I was serving . The tortoise tank is just a few feet away from the till . We only have five tortoises and when I checked later there were only four . \" CCTV footage confirmed a man had taken the tortoise , she said . Ms said she was concerned for the exotic pet 's welfare , adding : \" They have specific care needs . We are a welfare-oriented pet shop , making sure the pets go to good homes . \" The tortoise is about 12 months old and its shell is still vulnerable and it needs calcium supplements . We just want to get the tortoise back safe . \" Police said the tortoise was valued at \u00c2 \u00a3 120 .", "It is the third confirmed diagnosis of the H5N8 strain of avian flu in Lincolnshire in about four weeks . Some of the birds at the undisclosed premises in Lincolnshire have died . The rest are due to be culled . Defra said an investigation was \" under way to determine the source of the infection \" . A 1.8-mile ( 3km ) protection zone and a six-mile ( 10km ) surveillance area have been set up around the turkey rearing farm to reduce the risk of the disease spreading . An outbreak of the virus in a flock of about 6,000 turkeys at Low Farm , in Fulstow , near Louth , was \" unlikely to be directly linked to the previous case \" at the nearby Austen Fen Farm , Defra had said . All restrictions were removed around Austen Fen Farm on 18 January but still remain at Low Farm while an inquiry there continues . This latest case in Boston comes two days after bird flu was found in pheasants that were being bred at a farm in Wyre , Lancashire . The same strain has been discovered in birds in Settle , North Yorkshire , a swannery in Dorset and flocks in Carmarthenshire , south west Wales . In December , the government introduced an avian influenza prevention zone , which lasts until 28 February , to help protect poultry and captive birds from avian flu after the strain was found in 14 European countries including Germany and France .", "The UNHCR said forced returns had \" continued unabated \" despite an agreement earlier this month . Under the deal , any returns would be voluntary and only \" when conditions were conducive \" . Cameroon has rejected the accusation and said people returned willingly . According to the UNHCR , more than 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned to Nigeria from Cameroon this year . Many are unable to go back to their villages in Borno state for security reasons and have ended up in camps for displaced people . In some cases , the UNHCR said , people had been returned \" without allowing them time to collect their belongings \" . UNHCR spokesman spoke of \" chaos \" in the returns process and said \" some women were forced to leave their young children behind in Cameroon , including a child less than three years old \" . Many of the returnees are now settled in the Banki camp for internally displaced people . UNHCR staff also recorded about 17 people who claimed to be Cameroonian nationals , who it said had been deported by mistake to Banki . It is common in the region to find people who have no documentary proof of their nationality . Cameroonian Communications Minister told the BBC 's Focus on Africa programme : \" I strongly deny this accusation \" of forced returns . He said the Cameroonian army had been working \" hand-in-hand \" with the Nigerian army against and any civilians who had returned to Nigeria had done so of their own accord . \" This repatriation has taken place willingly ,\" he said . The Cameroonian authorities have previously said Boko Haram militants have been entering the country disguised as refugees . Militants have carried out a number of attacks in northern Cameroon in recent years , often using suicide bombers . The UNHCR said forced return constitutes a serious violation of the 1951 Refugee Convention and the 1969 OAU Convention , both of which Cameroon has ratified . It called on Cameroon to honour its obligations under the conventions and continue keeping its borders open so as to allow access to territory and asylum procedures for people fleeing the Islamist insurgency .", ", 24 , who lived in Essex , suffered brain damage in the incident at Gloucester Park Pool in Basildon . A teacher and a pool life guard both failed to realise she was in trouble . The family has successfully sued Essex County Council who said it did not comment on individual cases but had noted the High Court judgement . The tragedy happened in July 2000 when was a pupil at Whitmore Primary School in Basildon . At an earlier hearing , judges ruled a victory against the county council would risk a \" chilling effect \" on the willingness of schools to take pupils on educational trips . A Supreme Court judgement in 2013 overturned this ruling and opened the way for a High Court hearing . Mr has now ruled lifeguard and swimming teacher should have noticed was drowning sooner than they did . He concluded Essex County Council was liable for their negligence although neither woman was employed directly by the council . Ms 's failure to notice in distress \" fell far below the standard of care reasonably to be expected of a teacher \" , he said . Ms was also negligent as \" she was not paying sufficient attention to users in the water \" . The amount of compensation to , who now lives in Blackpool , will be assessed at a later date . A spokesman said : \" Essex County Council notes the judgement of Mr following a trial on liability . \" The authority cannot comment specifically on individual cases and it would be inappropriate to comment further therefore in respect of this claim . \"", "The UN has said media restrictions and violence meant the environment was not conducive to free , credible elections . Unrest started in April after President said he would run for a third term - something protesters say is illegal . The president says he is entitled to a third term because he was appointed for his first term , not elected . The presidential election is scheduled for 15 July . East African leaders have called for a further two-week delay . Africa news highlights : 7 July The electoral commission spokesman told the BBC turnout for the parliamentary poll had been low in the districts of Bujumbura where there had been protests , but that in some provinces outside the capital it was as high as 98 % . The ruling party - the CNDD FDD - was ahead in every province of the country , Burundi 's electoral commission announced . They won 77 out of 100 elected seats in parliament , AFP news agency says . The BBC 's says all of the country 's private broadcasters have closed in recent months , and many civil society leaders have left the country claiming their lives were under threat . At least 70 died and 150,000 people have fled the country . Reporting on a coup and a crisis ... using a music-sharing site 10.4m population 50 years - life expectancy for a man 2nd poorest country in the world 85 % are Hutu , 14 % Tutsi 300,000 died in civil war", "A judge had made the request because efforts to get them through \" political channels \" had failed , the lawyer said . France , the former colonial power , has not yet commented on the request . Mr 's widow and supporters have repeatedly accused France of masterminding his 1987 killing because he was a Marxist revolutionary . He was killed by soldiers in a hail of bullets shortly before a meeting of his cabinet in Burkina Faso 's capital , Ouagadougou . Mr 's assassination led to his second-in-command , , seizing power in a coup . Mr steered Burkina Faso into a strong alliance with France , which retains close political , security and economic ties with many of its former colonies in Africa . Burkina Faso opened an investigation into the killing after he was ousted from power in 2014 . Speaking at a press conference in Ouagadougou , the family lawyer , , said an investigating judge had formally asked French authorities to declassify military documents to see whether France had played a role in the assassination . A request had also been made to interview French officials who were involved in Burkina Faso 's affairs at the time , the lawyer added . Burkina Faso issued an arrest warrant for Mr in 2015 , accusing him of involvement in Mr 's killing . He has repeatedly denied the allegation , but has refused to return to Burkina Faso to stand trial . Mr is exiled in Ivory Coast , also a former French colony .", "People had gathered on the bridge to watch emergency services rescue a man who had jumped into the Sanvordem river in Curchorem . Local media reported that more than 50 people were on the bridge when it collapsed late on Thursday evening . The bridge was reportedly more than 60 years old and was banned from use . A local police officer told the Hindustan Times that more people were likely to be \" trapped under the collapsed bridge \" . Home Minister said he was also monitoring the rescue operation . South Goa MP told the Goa Herald newspaper that \" it was an unfortunate tragedy \" . \" The bridge must be demolished as the government had notified it as a dangerous bridge and notices were placed both the side of the bridge not to use it . \" Right now the priority is to recover the bodies ,\" he added .", "The city also ranks second in a list of Britain 's most congested cities , while Glasgow is third . Only London ranked worse than Scotland 's largest cities in the survey of the UK 's roads by Inrix Roadway Analytics . It found that the jams could cost drivers in Scotland \u00a3 5.1bn in wasted time over the next decade . The firm studied traffic hotspots in 21 UK cities in September 2016 . It assessed the impact of the congestion by looking at the average duration of traffic jams , their average length and the number of times they occurred . The research found that the impact of Edinburgh 's 455 traffic hotspots was second only to London and was likely to cost drivers \u00a3 2.8bn by 2025 . Glasgow was ranked third in the same list - worse than Birmingham , Manchester and Bristol . It 's 357 hotspots could cost \u00a3 2.3bn over the next 10 years , Inrix said . Researchers calculated the time wasted by drivers in traffic jams across the UK could cost \u00a3 61.8bn by 2025 if congestion levels are not reduced . And in their survey of 123 cities across Europe , London was found to have more traffic \" pinch points \" than any other city . It also ranked worst in an assessment of the impact of its traffic jams . Rome was second and Paris was third . Inrix chief economist said : \" Only by identifying traffic hotspots and analysing their root causes can we effectively combat congestion . \"", "filmed more than 60 women in the Central Retail Park and a nearby supermarket last July . The 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing outside a nearby Next store . was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing on 30 March at Falkirk Sheriff Court . Prosecutor told the court that tried to flush a memory card down the toilet at a police station after being arrested for drink driving . The memory card contained 60 short videos , lasting between 50 seconds and three minutes . Mrs said : \" The recordings appeared to be of adult females at various shops in the Central Retail Park . \" The camera operator has the camera positioned to show the females from the waist down , focusing on their bare legs and zooming in on their bottoms . \" The depute fiscal said the memory card also contained three slightly-longer videos showing children aged between six and 12 playing . Mrs said : \" One child is doing cartwheels , and the camera zooms in on the crotch area . \" Mrs said the camera operator 's distinctive cream , leather-toecapped trainers and khaki shorts were in shot in many of the videos . She said Police Scotland received an anonymous phone call from someone who expressed \" concern \" over 's behaviour . A search warrant was obtained for his home , and the khaki shorts and distinctive trainers were found in a bag in his spare bedroom . told police he \" had a drink in him \" at the time the videos were filmed . Asked if what he had done aroused him , he said : \" It did at the time , but afterwards I felt ashamed about it . \" , of Falkirk , admitted operating a recording device to obtain footage of women and children in a public place without their knowledge and consent between 15 July and 22 July last year . Sheriff deferred sentence for a risk assessment and released on bail .", "It follows the discovery of 115 people locked inside three small houses in Edinburg , close to the Mexican border . Police were alerted by a call made from inside one of the houses . The property was found to have padlocks and chains on the outside . People found inside said they had not had any food or water for three days , and some required hospital treatment . , an Edinburg police spokesman , told the BBC that it was clear the people in the properties were being held against their will . \" There was no way that they could leave because the doors were secured with burglar bars and were locked from the outside . \" He said officers had to use bolt cutters to free those inside . The imprisoned people came from several different countries in south and central America . One man told officers that they had been driven to the houses from the Rio Grande river , which marks the border between Texas and Mexico . He said they had been threatened with death if they did not remain quiet .", "The Perth club has suspended the team-mates pending a club investigation . told BBC Scotland that \" if what 's alleged \" to have occurred did in fact happen \" we 'll come down severely hard on both \" . Referee sent off both players during the break . , whose side confirmed their top six place due to results elsewhere , says he did not see the incident as he had already started walking up the tunnel following the half time whistle . BBC Scotland reporter saw throw a punch at , who retaliated by aiming a kick at the defender after he had slipped . \" I have n't seen it with my own eyes but obviously something happened ,\" said . \" I 'm going to wait and see for myself . The players have been told they let themselves down , and let the team down . We should be celebrating confirming our top six place tonight . \" Under no circumstance will they get off lightly if what is alleged to have happened has happened . The hardest punishment I can do legally with them , I 'll do it . \" Media playback is not supported on this device was angry that the incident left his side up against it in the second half , and that the shine was taken off the Saints confirming a top six berth . \" It 's another great achievement getting the top six ,\" he added . \" We showed a lot of character and should have had a penalty . ( has got arms all over and that should have been a penalty kick . \" The boys were magnificent and probably deserved a point but they did n't get it . \" Hamilton player was shown a yellow card and assistant manager sent to the stand after becoming involved in the chaotic scenes that followed the incident between and . However , manager told BBC Scotland : \" I would rather be talking about us . It is not something you want to see , but it is a passionate game and sometimes it spills over . \" My players acted well . I think was just trying to separate them and calm things down . \" I do n't think I have to take any action against my players . \" moved off bottom spot in the table thanks to the win , sealed by a late goal . They are 11th on 27 points , two clear of bottom club Inverness Caledonian Thistle . \" With 11 against 11 in the first half , I thought we were excellent and we kept going and got a huge three points ,\" added .", "6 December 2014 Last updated at 09:15 GMT The Grammy Awards is one of the most prestigious music ceremony 's in the world . , who topped the BBC 's Sound of 2014 in January , has six nominations including best new artist . His single Stay With Me is also up for best pop performance and record of the year .", "Eid al-Fitr means : ' festival of the breaking of the fast ' and it is one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year . The date Eid falls on is decided by the cycle of the moon , and this year it 's on Sunday evening . On the day of , ends and Muslims often celebrate by praying , giving gifts and having a big feast with family and friends . Thank you for your comments - this page is now closed . I am going to my cousin 's and enjoying Eid with lovely clothes and tasty food ! , 10 , Bucks We are going to our friends house and having a nice dinner ! , 10 , will be going to my family and friends house to celebrate , it will be so fun , and I will be wearing a lovely dress . , 9 , Derby I 'm going to visit my family and friends where we 're going to have an eid party and eat lots of delicious food ! , 12 , am celebrating with my Family and including my and am going to eat yummy food a play with my cousins ! - I wish everyone a Happy Eid ! ! , 10 , ! On Eid I am going to go out and spend time with my family . , 6 , London I 'm spending my time with my family and I ca n't wait to eat all the food that has been prepared for me . , 10 , London ! Eid is such a wonderful festival for muslims and everyone else and today me and my family will be celebrating with our relatives and we will be eating lots of yummy asian food . , 11 , London On Eid I am going out with my family , I making a lot of money and it is going to be really fun . , 12 , ! We are celebrating with all our family by dressing in our lovely clothes and eating lots of yummy food ! , 8 , Stockport My family and I are going to go to my cousins' houses , where will give presents and receive some , we are going to eat asian food . I ca n't wait ! ! , 11 , London I am celebrating with my Daddima . I am not sure what I 'll be eating but I will be happy celebrating with my and the rest of my family . , 6 , Kent", "Officers were called to Lowe Street in Whitmore Reans , Wolverhampton at 17:00 GMT on Thursday when a 17-year-old boy was found with stab wounds . Several minutes later a second call was made to police when a shotgun was fired twice in nearby Deveron Close . West Midlands Police believe the men , who have now been bailed , were linked to both incidents . The teenager remains in hospital in a stable condition , police said . DCI said : \" We believe both of these offences were linked and were the result of a dispute between two groups . \" The shooting happened following an argument between a group and a lone man with a gun . \"", ", 21 , was found dead in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015 with a ligature around her neck . told the hearing in Wakefield Miss wrote to him while in prison saying : \" I know I 'm going to do something silly . \" Giving evidence he said : \" I believe she should n't have been in a male prison . \" More stories from across Yorkshire The jury inquest was also told , from Keighley , had repeatedly told prison and court escort staff that she would be \" carried out in a box \" . Mr said he spoke to her on the phone while she was in prison and she told him she wanted to move to a women 's prison that and her solicitors were waiting for her to make a formal application to the governor . Mr also said he received a letter from his partner which said : \" I do n't think I can last very long in here . I ca n't sleep at night . I just feel like I wo n't be here no more . \" I know I 'm going to do something silly . I do n't want to but I ca n't do this . \" But , in a statement read to the court , 's mother said her daughter did not say she had a problem being in a men 's prison . \" did n't like prison but who does ? \" Ms said . \" She never said anything to me about it being the wrong prison for her . \" The inquest heard had identified as female since she was 10 years old but had never had any surgical or hormone treatment . She did not have a Gender Recognition Certificate establishing her female identity so she was sent to a men 's prison . Coroner said the inquest would examine a number of issues including the suitability of the \" prison accommodation \" . The jury was told that after an extensive risk assessment process was initially put in E-Wing rather than A-Wing , where vulnerable prisoners were housed , and placed on a one-hour suicide watch . Mr said this decision was taken because it was thought she might be under more risk on A-Wing due to the number of sex offenders there . He said she was later allowed to move to A-Wing but was taunted by men in the segregation block below . The inquest heard that on the day she died had been seen watching TV at 19:00 GMT but at 20:00 she was spotted on the floor with the ligature round her neck and the alarm was raised . The inquest , which is expected to last three weeks , continues", "Accountant in Bankruptcy ( AiB ) reported 2,405 insolvencies between April and June - 7.8 % up on the previous quarter . There were 1,144 bankruptcies , which was up 14.7 % on the previous quarter and 51.1 % more than a year ago . However , AiB said the figures showed a \" return to trend \" . A year ago , the number of personal insolvencies in Scotland fell to its lowest level for more than 14 years following the introduction of the Bankruptcy and Debt Advice ( Scotland ) Act . The legislation introduced new measures such as mandatory money advice for people seeking access to statutory debt relief solutions such as sequestration . Although the latest bankruptcy figures were sharply up on a year ago , they were 41.7 % lower than the same quarter in 2013-14 and 34.9 % lower than in 2014-15 . Personal insolvencies include both bankruptcies and protected trust deeds ( PTDs ) . The number of PTDs recorded between April and June remained largely stable at 1,261 , a 2.1 % increase from the previous quarter . New debt payment programmes approved under the Debt Arrangement Scheme ( DAS ) fell slightly by 5.2 % on the previous quarter , to 510 . Quarterly figures for bankruptcies and PTDs since 2005-06 : Business Minister said : \" These figures indicate that people are becoming more accustomed to the new insolvency legislation and processes . \" We are now seeing the numbers settling down to a more regular pattern following the significant , and expected , drop after the introduction of the new laws . \" Compared to the same quarter from two years ago , prior to these changes , the number of people falling into insolvency today is down by more than a third . \" This shows those most in need can access the debt relief they require to help them on the road to a fresh financial start - but also that the long term movement is a downward one . \" , from insolvency trade body R3 , said : \" This quarterly rise , driven mostly by an increase in bankruptcies , bucks the wider downward trend in Scottish personal insolvencies we 've seen in past years . \" The number of insolvencies have been falling steadily since their peak in 2012 , and this quarter represents a return to more stable levels . \" The rise is probably less do with the EU referendum result , which only happened towards the very end of the quarter , and more to do with ongoing difficulties in the Scottish economy and the end of the financial year in March . \"", "One of the 11 children described how the trailer went \" really fast down the hill \" at the farm in Nottinghamshire before it \" launched us off \" . Two members of teaching staff from Halam Primary and a farmer were also injured in the accident on 11 March . The acting head teacher of the school has apologised . One of the children , , said he was frightened and the other children were crying . \" The trailer gone like really fast down the hill and it gone sideways and it launched us off ,\" said . When asked how it made him feel , said : \" It feels like sad . \" 's mother , , said he has been struggling to sleep since it happened and has been having nightmares and flashbacks . Mrs , who was told about the accident by a school nurse , said : \" I rushed to the QMC ( Queen 's Medical Centre ) and was brought in . He had blood all over his face . \" He just laid there really shocked . He had to stay in [ hospital ] overnight for observation every four hours because he had concussion and felt really sick . \" He 's still got bruises to his head , his ribs and his chest , so he still has a few pains . \" Nottinghamshire County Council said another child was discharged from hospital after a check-up and one was brought into hospital later in the day for a scan , then released . A teaching assistant sustained a broken wrist , a teaching student sustained a head wound requiring stitches and the farmer , who was also in the trailer , dislocated his shoulder . The assistant will be off work for four weeks . The children were on a trip at Hills Farm in Edingley and the accident happened on Carver 's Hollow . Nottinghamshire Police is investigating the incident , rather then the Health and Safety Executive , because the area where it happened is a highway . The force has asked anyone with information to contact them . Hills Farm in Edingley , where it happened , said it would not comment while an investigation is ongoing . The school 's acting head teacher , , said : \" We are very sorry this unfortunate incident happened and we wish the children and adults who were injured a speedy recovery . \" This incident has affected the whole community and everyone is supporting each other as a result . \" , the council 's acting service director for education standards , said : \" This is an established trip for reception pupils and as far as we know at this time all the appropriate procedures were carried out . \"", "Tens of thousands of pilgrims joined him for the Way of the Cross ceremony , recalling Jesus' crucifixion . Among the cross bearers were Syrian and Iraqi refugees , and Nigerians who had escaped persecution . The service came a day after almost 150 people were killed in an al-Shabab attack on a Kenyan university . \" We still see today our persecuted brothers , decapitated and crucified for their faith in you [ ] , before our eyes and often with our complicit silence ,\" Pope said , presiding over the ceremony at the Colosseum . Earlier , he condemned the attack in Kenya , where Christians were singled out and shot , as an act of \" senseless brutality \" . In another Good Friday ceremony , Pope listened as the Vatican 's official preacher denounced the \" disturbing indifference of world institutions in the face of all this killing of Christians \" . He too mentioned the Kenya attack , as well as the beheading of 22 Egyptian Coptic Christians by Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Libya in February . Pope has spoken out against the persecution of Christians before , saying that the world would be justified using military force to combat the \" unjust aggression \" by IS .", "President has announced a contingency plan , which includes $ 700,000 in extra funds for fumigation . The swarm first appeared over a week ago near the low-lying eastern city of Santa Cruz , where most of Bolivia 's food and meat is produced . It has spread quickly , destroying pasture and fields of corn and sorghum . The authorities estimate more than 1,000 hectares of agricultural land have been devastated by the locusts . The government says fumigation must begin straight away . \" We will create a 500-metre-wide ring around the area affected and fumigate inside , working alongside the local authorities ,\" said Bolivia 's Agriculture Secretary , . Mr is due to visit Santa Cruz province on Friday .", "Sir attended a ceremony at Windsor Castle on Thursday , after being named in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list in June . The 68-year-old former scrum half won 53 caps for Wales from 1967 to 1978 . He also won 10 caps for the British Lions' winning series in New Zealand and South Africa . At 20 he became Wales 's youngest captain , and during his era the Welsh side dominated the Five Nations Championship Originally from Gwaun-Cae-Gurwen in the Swansea Valley , spent his playing career with Cardiff RFC . In 1974 was named BBC Wales Sports Personality of the year . After his retirement in 1978 , he became Captain on the popular sports quiz , Question of Sport . He now works as a pundit for both the BBC and S4C . He is married to his childhood sweetheart and they have two sons , and .", "The second defeat in four games leaves 's men fifth in Group F and the manager facing further questions about his future . Former Scotland striker gives his marks out of 10 for the display . No chance with goals but had little else to do other than pick the ball out of his net . A surprise choice but the Derby winger defended well considering he was n't in his natural position . Scotland 's best player on the night after a long absence from the international scene . Offered a real threat going forward and worked tirelessly . Played better than in Slovakia and unlucky at first goal after making a good block . Wasted a great chance to equalise , failing to hit the target from a free header . Given a rare start and did well to keep England 's danger men quiet for large periods . The captain 's desire and work rate are never in question but he was loose in possession too often . Back from his short-lived international retirement but for how long ? The Celtic captain gave the midfield energy and aggression as expected . Largely ineffectual . Did n't get on the ball enough to make a positive impact . Again , a surprise inclusion given his lack of game time at West Brom . Missed a glorious opportunity to level the game early in the second half , dragging a shot wide from near the penalty spot . Another player guilty of giving the ball away too often . Provided some threatening set-pieces . Really should have scored not long after 's miss when he had a good sight at goal . Led the line well with positive energy in the first half . However , made a poor decision not to play in on a good counter-attack . Tired in the second half as Scotland meekly surrendered . The game was over when he came on , very difficult to make an impression . On for the injured . Not given much to do since England were content to keep the ball and did n't pose much of a threat . Too late to make an impact .", "The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) has placed male bear Arktos in with female Victoria at its Highland Wildlife Park near Aviemore . Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago . is one of two male bears at the park at Kincraig in the Cairngorms National Park . The pair could remain together for about two weeks . will eventually return to an enclosure he shares with the other male , . RZSS said captive breeding was an important part of a wider effort to conserve polar bears , which are classified as \" vulnerable \" on the International Union Conservation of Nature 's Red List of Threatened Species . However , animal welfare organisations OneKind Scotland and Born Free Foundation have said tackling climate change to better protect wild bears should be the focus of conservation efforts rather than captive breeding . RZSS , which also manages Edinburgh Zoo where efforts have been made to breed giant pandas , said Arktos and Victoria have mated several times so far . The society said the pair would live together for the next week or two \" mimicking what would occur naturally in the wild \" . , head carnivore keeper at the park , said the pair had appeared to have bonded well since being introduced . She said : \" Both polar bears have really warmed to each other and all the signs are really positive . \" From the first moment they met , has been really gentle with Victoria and their bond has been immediate . \" Polar bear breeding is inherently complex as the species are induced ovulators , meaning that the female only releases an egg after initial mating occurs . They also practice delayed implantation , where the egg does n't implant into the uterine wall until some months later . \" Ms added : \" If successful , Victoria will not fall pregnant until August to September time . \" Other key stages are her entering the birthing den in October to November and potentially giving birth in December to January . Any cubs would then not come out of the birthing den until March to April 2017 . \" arrived at the park in April 2012 from a zoo in Hannover , Germany . When being given health checks , park staff talk to in German , the language he heard when he was in the zoo in Hannover . Victoria , who was brought to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark last year and is kept in an enclosure about a mile away from the males , previously raised cubs in 2008 .", "will replace in the team , who won last year 's race . had been on his way to a third straight victory before suffering a technical issue , and eventually finished fourth . The team said the duo , who will also be team-mates at Honda at the TT races , will target the first 120 + mph lap . still holds the lap record for the class of 119.279mph ( 18:58.743 ) , which he set on way to victory in 2015 . , from Grimsby , missed last year 's TT and North West 200 to compete in the 2,712-mile Tour Divide mountain bike race in the United States . The 35-year-old has not raced since suffering multiple broken vertebrae and a fractured sternum in a crash in the Dundrod 150 Superbike race in 2015 . The truck mechanic and TV personality is still looking for his first TT victory , having finished on the podium 16 times .", "The animal , thought to be a juvenile minke whale , is about 4m long . It was first seen on Thursday morning and seems to be healthy and content . Minke whales are one of the most common in our waters . It is thought it may have swum in in pursuit of fish in the channel . A fully-grown minke can grow to 9m in length . The harbour authorities are liaising with experts in the Northern Ireland Environment Agency , and are expected to monitor the animal for several days in the hope it returns to open water . There are no immediate grounds for concern over the animal 's health , said the Department of Agriculture , Environment and Rural Affairs ( DAERA ) . \" Minke whales frequent the waters around the mouth of Belfast Lough , but young or inquisitive animals will , on occasion , come closer inshore ,\" said a spokesperson . \" However , our Marine and Fisheries team will continue to monitor the whale 's behaviour in conjunction with colleagues from Belfast Harbour Commissioners . \" The animal is currently in a well-regulated area within Belfast Harbour where there is no risk of disturbance . \" The whale is not in an area that is easily viewable by the public , however , as a marine-protected species , people are advised to enjoy any views they are fortunate to have of this remarkable animal but not to approach or do anything to disturb it ,\" the statement added .", "was arrested during a heated traffic stop captured on film . She was found dead three days later . The 28-year-old 's death and the video footage of her arrest sparked outrage . The arresting officer , , has been charged with allegedly lying about it , a prosecutor announced after a day of grand jury discussions . Hours later , he was fired from his job . The grand jury had picked out the officer 's affidavit as behind their decision , said special prosecutor . In that affidavit , Mr had claimed that Ms was \" combative and uncooperative \" after he pulled her over . The argument began after she was asked to put out her cigarette and he demanded she get out of her car . Video footage showed the police officer drawing his stun gun and threatening with the words : \" I will light you up ! \" After the argument moved off-camera , she was heard screaming that he was about to break her wrists and she complained that her head knocked against the ground . Mr said grand jurors found Mr 's statement that he had \" removed her from her vehicle to further conduct a safer traffic investigation \" to be false . Soon after the indictment , the Texas Department of Public Safety said \" termination proceedings \" would start immediately . Ms 's death three days after her arrest was ruled a suicide and the sheriff 's officials and jailers were cleared of any crime . But it sparked national headlines for days amid a debate about the police use of force against African Americans . The perjury charge carries a maximum sentence of one year in jail and a $ 4,000 fine .", "It 's overtaken 's famous \" four more years \" tweet . When sent the message after being re-elected in 2012 , he made history by being retweeted more than half a million times in a few hours and smashed previous records . It 's now been shared more than 750,000 times . But the One Direction tweet from 2011 in which said was \" always in my heart \" is now more popular , having been retweeted more than 780,000 times . Both still have a long way to go to beat the famous Oscar selfie posted by . So far that has been retweeted more than three million times . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The court upheld a Chilean prison sentence for , a German citizen in his seventies . worked with \u00a4 fer , a former Nazi soldier who founded the commune in southern Chile 1961 . Residents were indoctrinated and kept as virtual slaves for more than 30 years . 's lawyer says he will appeal against the sentence . Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer also collaborated with the government of whose secret police used the colony around 350km ( 215 miles ) south of the capital , Santiago , as a place of torture and to \" disappear \" his opponents . Germany last year said it would declassify its files on the sect , and the foreign minister at the time , , admitted that the diplomatic service had failed to stop the abuses . The scale of the abuses only came to light after Sch\u00c3 \u00a4 fer faced a series of lawsuits in 1997 . He fled Chile and was arrested in Argentina in 2005 . He was convicted in Chile of sexual abuse of children , weapons possession and human rights violations . He died in a Chilean jail in 2010 at the age of 88 .", "By convention these are relatively uncontroversial and involve saying something nice about your predecessor despite political differences with them . Cardiff North Labour MP MP found some warm words about the Conservative whose job she took . \" I know how hard worked to represent the constituency over the past two years ,\" she told MPs on Monday . Gower Labour MP did n't mention by name but said on Thursday : \" I would also like to pay tribute to my predecessor who served the constituency to the best of his ability . \" Ms went on to give her analysis of the Brexit referendum vote - her city voted to remain in the EU . \" The vote in many parts of Wales was not a vote against Europe or the concept or the reality of the European Union ,\" she said . \" It was a vote against politics\u00e2 \u20ac\u201d against the reality of the decisions taken here . \" The cumulative impact of benefit cuts and reductions in public spending has hit the poorest hardest , so I intend to use my time here to speak up against a failed austerity where the richest people have forced the poorest people to pay the price . \" She added her name to an amendment to the Queen 's Speech calling for the UK to remain inside the single market and the customs union . \" Ms used her speech to oppose fracking and urge ministers to sign off the proposed Swansea tidal lagoon . She also reflected on her own heritage . \" My Italian family name is embedded in the Gower constituency ,\" she said . \" The introduction of cafe culture to the people of South Wales comes predominantly from the families of - and yes , you have ice cream to thank me for . \" Business Secretary told her he had sampled some of that ice cream while campaigning for her predecessor . A friend had found that \" \" and \" \" were searched for more than 20 times on her daughter 's tablet computer . \" When questioned she told her mother , is n't it amazing that we live somewhere that anyone can become an MP you do n't have to be rich , you do n't have to go to a posh school you just have to work hard . \" And with more than 20 years as a teacher 's words ring so true for the schoolchildren of Gower , Wales and the United Kingdom because ambition is critical ,\" she added .", "The Campaign for Real Ale ( Camra ) has given the award to the George & Dragon at Hudswell , near Richmond , North Yorkshire . The pub , the village 's only community facility , closed in 2008 . It reopened in 2010 after residents formed the Hudswell Community Pub Ltd group and raised \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 to buy the building and land . Read more about this and other stories from across North Yorkshire The group was helped by the Plunkett Foundation which supports community co-operatives in rural areas . Camra said the George & Dragon had a warm and welcoming atmosphere and a strong community ethos . The pub includes a small shop , library , community allotments and free internet access . , from Camra , said : \" The George & Dragon is a great example of how a pub has been resurrected as a true community asset . \" The pub 's current manager , , said he was thrilled to receive the award . \" It shows that hard work , good beer and the support of the community can help you achieve goals that seemed impossible only a short while ago ,\" he said . Runners up in the UK-wide competition were the Salutation Inn in Ham , Gloucestershire , the Stanford Arms in Lowestoft , Norfolk , and the Swan with Two Necks in Pendleton , Lancashire .", "An \" in-depth investigation \" will look into claims made by Veracruz governor on Monday , the Ministry of Health said . He alleged fake medicine had been bought and used in state hospitals under his predecessor . Mr has been on the run from the authorities since October . The former governor , who was elected in 2010 , has not been seen since a week after he stepped down amid allegations of corruption . He has been charged with organised crime and money laundering , but there are calls for the Attorney General 's office to file criminal charges relating to the latest accusations . On Monday , Mr told a press conference that an investigation into malfeasance and corruption under Mr had uncovered medical fraud . ` We have tests on a medication given to children , a paediatric chemotherapy that was n't really a medication , it was an inert substance , practically distilled water ,'' he said . \" This really seems to us a brutal crime , an attempt against the lives of the children . We 're finishing our analysis and , at the appropriate time , we 'll be filing legal complaints . \" Mr also alleged there had been inadequate tests for HIV detection and the existence of outdated medicines . The allegations have shocked Mexico . \" It is absolutely inhuman , criminal ,\" Senator said , according to Mexican news site Quadratin . Mexico 's Secretary of Health Jos\u00c3 \u00a9 has promised to act on \" the persons or companies involved \" if irregularities or responsibility is found , the ministry said in a statement on Wednesday .", "Their last home game , a 4-0 win over Droylsden , attracted 142 supporters and after staff and players were paid , the Tigers were left with \u00a3 21 profit . Last week , the club issued an appeal for \u00a3 25,000 so they could \" stay in a solvent position \" until the summer . \" There are fans out there but if they do n't come back then we 're not going to have a team ,\" said . The club 's owner , , has supported the club financially since they struggled to pay a tax bill of more than \u00a3 80,000 in the 1990s . It is estimated his investment runs to more than \u00a3 1m , in addition to funding the planning costs for a new ground . The Blue Square Bet North club have been without a home for six years after their Meadow Park ground was destroyed by flooding and their nomadic status has played a major part in their financial difficulties . They have shared with local clubs Forest Green Rovers , Cirencester and most recently Cheltenham Town - where they have been based since 2010 . But believes their move out of the city , and the historical rivalry the Tigers have with Cheltenham , has caused fans to abandon their local club . \" If I had \u00a3 10 for every time I 've spoken to someone who has said ' I used to support Gloucester but I 'm not going to come back until you 've returned to Gloucester ' , I 'd probably be able to sustain the club ,\" he told BBC Gloucestershire . \" There 's always been this rivalry across the divide but Cheltenham are a Football League club now and that 's what we 've always wanted to aspire to . \" We 've been fortunate that Cheltenham allowed us to have a ground share - they could have said no . \" Gloucester pay \u00a3 40,000 a year to play at Whaddon Road , but were recently threatened with eviction after failing to meet payments . The issue is close to being resolved and Gloucester hope to have a deal in place next week to remain in Cheltenham for next season 's campaign . Plans for a new stadium at the Meadow Park site were submitted to Gloucester City Council in 2011 , but have yet to be approved . \" It has left me so frustrated ,\" added . \" There 's been a lot of money spent on reports etc [ for new stadium ] and it 's been draining . \" It 's been difficult . We 're tired and we just need something we can hang our hat on . We need something that will attract investors and keep us going . \"", "Captain , 31 , was a fire support team commander in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery . He suffered a suspected cardiac arrest while running the course and later died in hospital . He was laid to rest following a funeral in St Margaret 's RC Memorial Church in Dunfermline . Hundreds of mourners gathered at the church for the service , which was led by parish priest Father . was originally from Cowdenbeath in Fife . , 7 ( Sphinx ) Commando Battery , which is based in Arbroath , told the service : \" It is with great sadness that were are here today to say farewell to Captain . \" was an inspiration to all of us . I genuinely could not have wished for a finer officer . \" He will be sorely missed and our thoughts and prayers are with his family . \" During the service , Capt read a tribute on behalf of 's brother , . He told the mourners : \" was my hero and my inspiration . I was so proud to say that he was a Captain in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery and that he served his country with distinction in Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" Words ca n't express how proud I was listening to him as he described his tours of Afghanistan and the Middle East . \" I learnt so much about 's tours of duty , the strong bond of comradeship he had found in the Army as well as the many plans he had for the future . \" There are no words to express how devastated I am that this story has so tragically ended , with so many chapters left unwritten . \" A family notice published in the Dunfermline Press said the service would be a \" celebration of 's life \" and urged mourners to wear bright colours . fell ill at the 23-mile mark while taking part in the race . Following his death , 's friends and colleagues vowed to continue to raise money for Help for Heroes and walk the final three miles of the marathon course . More than \u00c2 \u00a3 100,000 has been donated to a JustGiving page in his memory while about \u00c2 \u00a3 80,000 has been raised for the charity on his own page .", "was just 17 when he was tied up , locked in a cupboard and subjected to several sexual assaults . Now 19 , he has waived his right to anonymity as his attackers were jailed . , of Drumart Walk in Belfast , will spend half of his 11-year sentence in jail . His co-accused who cannot be named got six years , half on licence . The unnamed abuser was 17 at the time of the offence and a reporting restriction is in place which prevents his identity from being made public . The attack took place on 30 May , 2014 when Mr called to 's flat in the Stranmillis area of Belfast . A previous hearing in the case was told had ordered him to sell drugs and he was worried before entering the flat because he had not sold enough . The attack began almost immediately and the court heard the pair subjected him to \" exceptional degradation \" , holding him at knifepoint , burning him with cigarettes , and seriously sexually assaulting him . The ordeal lasted a number of hours before they released the teenager , who then contacted police . Speaking outside court , Mr said : \" I thought I was going to die that night . I will never forget what happened . \" He described it as the \" worst experience of his life \" . \" I did n't know what was going to happen and what they were going to do . The whole ordeal was just terrifying . \" He was diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after the attack but said he did not see himself \" as a victim \" . \" I am speaking out to show other people that it 's okay to go and tell the police if you have been sexually assaulted . I want people to find the courage to come forward and get the support that they need . \" Mr thanked his family and friends and the police for supporting him through the criminal justice process . \" I would say to anyone else who has been sexually assaulted , do n't be afraid , do n't hide it . The only way to move forward is to tell someone and you 'll soon realise there is so much support . Do n't be afraid to speak out . \" The teenager welcomed the sentences given to his attackers . had pleaded guilty to four charges - namely false imprisonment , two counts of sexual assault , and rape . His co-accused admitted six counts including false imprisonment , two counts of sexual assault and attempted rape .", "was a rocket expert who controlled attacks , Col said . Last month a US soldier died and several others were injured when a base used by US troops was shelled by IS . It was the second US combat death since the US first struck the group in 2014 .", "\" This is definitely not the Oscars ,\" said 22 Jump Street star on the red carpet in Los Angeles . As well as fan-voted awards like best kiss and best shirtless performance ( won it - again ) the ceremony was also an unofficial promotional platform for this summer 's blockbusters . The night 's big winner was The Fault in Our Stars , which won best movie . The film 's star also picked up best female performance , the Trailblazer Award and best kiss for a scene with . gave an emotional speech dedicated to , the author of the book which the film is based on , saying \" he gave this world a beautiful masterpiece \" . Other winners included , who won best male performance for his role as the late in American Sniper . The 40-year-old actor said : \" would have turned 41 four days ago . , this is for you ,\" said . took home best comedic performance for 22 and picked up best villain for her role in Into the Woods . , , and were also among the winners . , who was the target of many size-related jokes throughout the night , brought his kids on stage to accept the comedic genius award . He said : \" I do it all for them . I 'm trying to leave a legacy behind . \" In one of the more energetic moments of the show , brought his fellow Avengers stars to their knees while accepting the Generation Award . , , , and all took the stage to present their co-star with the award , which called \" the recognition I so desire \" . Clips from the upcoming Pitch Perfect sequel , 's latest comedy Trainwreck and Marvel 's new film Ultron were shown during a look ahead to this summer 's releases . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The 24-year-old summer signing injured himself in training on Friday as he went to take a shot and will see a consultant this week . He joins and left-back as long-term absentees . \" It 's a huge blow , any players we have in the squad that are injured is very disappointing for us ,\" manager told BBC Radio Devon . had become first choice in the central striking role of the League Two leaders following an injury to on-loan Bristol City forward , who has just returned to fitness . \" He and have played in that area this season and held the ball up and performed well for us ,\" added following Saturday 's 3-0 home loss to Grimsby . \" It 's hard to take as a manager because you feel that you 're getting somewhere and then something happens , it 's like a roadblock , it 's very difficult to overcome these things , so it 's hard to take . \"", "The Colombia international , who has not played since October following a thigh injury , has been replaced in the squad by new loan signing . The 29-year old has made just one Premier League start since signing on a season-long from Monaco last July . Former AC Milan forward , 26 , signed for Chelsea last week on a six-month loan from Corinthians . However , the Brazil international has not featured since November as he looks to regain full fitness following a series of injuries . Chelsea interim boss has also included new signing in both his Champions League and Premier League squad lists for the second half of the season . The United States defender , 20 , joined Chelsea on a four-and-a-half-year contract from New York Red Bulls last week . , who was linked with a deadline day move to former club Atletico Madrid , has been named in Chelsea 's 25-man Premier League squad . Manchester City manager revealed on Monday that Nigerian forward , 19 , will replace in City 's 25-man Champions League squad . France international midfielder , 28 , is set for at least another two months on the sidelines following a hamstring injury and tendon surgery in November . Clubs featuring in the knock-out stages of the Champions League were required to supply European football 's governing body Uefa with their updated squad lists by Tuesday night , but Arsenal have yet to publicly announce any changes to their 25-man squad . The Gunners are expected to make one change , with new midfield signing , 23 , replacing defender , 30 , who has joined Ligue 1 side Bordeaux on loan until the end of the season .", "It had lost its mother and become stranded in shallow waters off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia . Tourists then began touching and photographing the animal rather than seeking help for it . , a local NGO , said \" selfishness \" caused the dolphin \" suffering and stress . \" The organisation , which works to protect marine wildlife in the area , wrote in a Facebook post ( in Spanish ) : \" The animal was subjected to the curious who wanted to photograph and touch it . \" \" These animals are highly protected ; to disturb them , to harm them , to manipulate them and to harass them is prohibited by law , and we always ask for respect and consideration . \"", "The men , aged 26 and 24 , were in a house in Melrose Street when three men armed with a knife , hammer and batons forced their way into the property just before midnight on Saturday . After assaulting the men , the gang left with a sum of cash and personal items . They also smashed a number of windows . The men in the house received medical treatment for their injuries . Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them .", "Areas in Counties Londonderry , Antrim and Down were affected . A spokesperson for Northern Ireland Electricity said was an equipment fault was detected at 21.40 BST . All properties have had power restored had their power restored by 22.14 BST .", "The 64-year-old was found with critical injuries in Luxfield Road , south-east London , at about 02:10 GMT . He was pronounced dead at the scene . A 52-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder close to where the victim was found . The arrested man and the victim knew each other but were not related , the Metropolitan Police said . The victim 's next of kin have been informed .", "But the council is to set up a group to \" resolve outstanding design issues \" . The proposed cycle route will link Leith Walk in the east of the city to Roseburn in the west , via the city centre and Haymarket . The plans include reducing four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two , and using half a carriageway and a bus lane for cyclists . Supporters of the path said it was vital for cutting congestion and would provide a safe route across the city . They said it would also encourage more active travel . But residents and shop owners in the Roseburn area said reducing loading bays to make way for bikes would have a huge impact on passing trade , and that reducing traffic lanes could increase congestion at Roseburn . The council said the new working group would be set up to help resolve outstanding design issues with the plans . It said work would start immediately to secure further funding and to \" make preparations to commence the necessary statutory processes for the scheme \" . A final decision will be taken after the the working group 's discussions . Transport convener Councillor said the council was still \" 100 % committed \" to the project but acknowledged it had divided opinion . She said a new group would be formed to try to reach a conclusion on the final route design \" which the majority are happy with \" . Ms added : \" Given the strength of feeling out there about certain aspects of the plans , there 's clearly still work to be done before the final route design is agreed . \"", "The 2014 winner was among those to miss the cut for the famous Aintree race . Lower-rated horses are balloted out , with The Romford Pele occupying the number 40 slot . There were no withdrawals in Thursday 's final declaration stage . Four reserves are on standby should any runner pull out before 13:00 BST on Friday . Download your sweepstake kit here Pinstickers' guide Many Clouds is 7-1 favourite ahead of 10-1 chance The Last Samuri and 12-1 shot . Coverage of the race , over 30 fences and nearly four-and-a-half miles , is expected to be followed by 600 million people worldwide . Organisers have put back the time of the race by an hour to 17:15 BST in an effort to further increase the audience . The National is a handicap chase , with each runner allotted a different weight to carry by the official handicapper . Some trainers are faced with the tricky task of trying to ensure their contenders perform well enough to get a rating which guarantees a run , without landing a big weight that hampers their chances . is now in the twilight of his career , at the age of 13 , and his rating has dropped . No horse of that age has won the National since Sergeant in 1923 . The British Horseracing Authority has indicated it is open to reviewing the entry system ahead of next year 's National . Top weight Many Clouds will seek to become the first horse since the legendary triple victor in the 1970s to win back-to-back runnings . Victory would see jockey , who also triumphed aboard two years ago , become the first rider to win three years running . Media playback is not supported on this device Officials believe modifications to the fences , and other alterations , introduced three years ago have helped improve safety . Since the changes , there have been no fatal injuries in the National itself , although two horses died in other races at the three-day meeting last year .", "Thousands of animals , many of them endangered , are part of the count which is required by law as part of the zoo 's licence . Important details about each and every individual are noted down so that the zoo can help worldwide breeding programmes . Newsround 's headed to the zoo , which houses over 400 different species , to find out how it 's done .", "Another user in the dark web - a hidden part of the internet where guns , drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police , a spokesperson said . The boy 's body was subsequently found in the cellar of a house in Herne , North Rhine-Westphalia . Police say the 19-year-old suspect may be armed . Searches are being carried out in towns near Herne , which lies in the Ruhr area , a heavily industrialised region . Reports say the suspect , who is on the run , is a martial arts enthusiast .", "Voters should have the option to remain in the EU if they are unhappy with the result of Brexit talks , she said . The party is also discussing electoral pacts with fellow parties in a \" number \" of constituencies , she added . Ms is the only MP and the Liberal Democrats have agreed not to contest her Brighton Pavilion seat . She wants to maximise the number of MPs who will support moves for electoral reform and try to win or defend seats against the Conservative Party . \" Discussions are going on in a number of constituencies . Whether that will deliver any results , I ca n't tell you - watch this space ,\" she said at an election event in Hackney , London . The Lib Dems have previously said a \" limited number \" of local parties are considering similar deals ahead of the June 8 election . Bristol West and the Isle of Wight are among the Green Party 's target seats , as it pushes for a second MP . Outlining the party 's policy on Brexit , Ms said leaks and reports during the weekend about Brexit talks between Prime Minister and European Commission president \" confirmed our worst fears really - that is going into these negotiations utterly unprepared , completely arrogant and not understanding how the EU works \" . \" In the days following the EU referendum , the Green Party called for the British people to have a further say on the details of any Brexit deal and we stand by that position ,\" she said . The Green Party accepted that the 2016 referendum result was an instruction to the government to begin Brexit talks , she said . But it should be the \" start , not the end \" of the process , with people having a say on the final deal - including an option to remain within the European Union , she said . The Lib Dems have also promised a second referendum on the Brexit deal . says that the Conservatives would make \" a success \" of and has promised to give MPs a vote on any deal that is agreed between the UK and the EU . says Labour would not hold a referendum on the final deal , but wants MPs to have a decisive say on it .", "Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust was criticised by the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) in March 2015 . A re-inspection in April this year found it had made \" positive progress \" in some areas , but improvements were still needed . The safety of patients at high risk of suicide had been deemed inadequate but has now been improved . The trust currently has about 27,000 patients across the county and more than 2,000 members of staff . Dr , deputy chief inspector of hospitals for the CQC , said there was now \" good care \" for the population served by the trust . \" We saw staff treating patients with kindness , dignity and respect ,\" he said . The use of volunteers and therapy dogs was praised , as was the patient-run caf\u00c3 \u00a9 and the range of paid job opportunities , including gardening and car valeting . In March 2015 patients at risk of suicide were found not to be kept safe , but the trust said it now monitors \" ligature risks \" , which are fixed points which someone could use to harm themselves . \" Heat maps \" are also used to show patients at high risk of suicide . Dr , trust chief executive , said : \" I am pleased that the work of all of our staff has been reflected . \" Our staff have a real focus on providing high-quality care for our patients and this latest report is testament to that commitment . \" Improvements are needed in the areas of care plans , staff supervision , bed availability and delays in patients accessing psychological therapies , the CQC said . The trust was also found to have good relationships with the community and police .", "The 33-1 shot , ridden by and trained by , triumphed at Aintree in April to become the first novice to win the race since 1958 . The nine-year-old , owned by the Gigginstown House Stud , has twice recovered from a cracked pelvis . \" We did n't want to send him back to Aintree with a big weight , that would n't be fair ,\" said 's racing manager . \" He provided us with our first Grand National and we 'll never forget him . \" BBC horse racing correspondent : \" As the first Grand National winner for owner burgeoning Gigginstown House Stud as well as the first novice chaser to win the race in nearly 60 years , Rule The World has his place in history . \" Though he ran highly respectably at Punchestown after Aintree , had already hinted that , having defied serious injury to reach one of the great pinnacles , he had perhaps done his bit . \" What a season for Gigginstown , with success at Aintree , in the Irish National and Cheltenham Gold Cup , but at a price . Rule the World has been retired and there are doubts whether Gold Cup winner will race again . \"", "is believed to have been in a pub in Inverness' Baron Taylor Street on Wednesday night last week . Police Scotland said CCTV images show him near the Harry Fairbairn BMW garage on Longman Road at 00:52 on Thursday . Coastguard and police helicopters and the RNLI 's Kessock lifeboat were involved in making searches of Inverness Harbour and Beauly Firth . The effort followed up on searches made earlier last week . Family and friends said Mr 's failure to return to his home in the Culduthel area was out of character . Mr is described as 5ft 11in in height , stocky build with long mousy brown hair and a beard . When last seen he was wearing a black leather jacket , a denim vest , black jeans and boots .", "The actor , who was known to millions as Coronation Street binman in the 1970s and 1980s , died \" peacefully in his sleep \" on Friday night . It followed a \" long courageous battle \" with prostate cancer , his family said . , who lived on the Isle of Wight , was also known for his roles as in TV comedy The Royle Family and in Keeping Up Appearances . He had thought he had beaten prostate cancer in 2009 , but was told it had returned after collapsing at home in 2010 . first appeared in 1960s shows such as Z-Cars and The Likely Lads . He was the voice of in the Beatles film Yellow Submarine . Other roles included in Heartbeat and in teen drama Skins , guest-starring in episodes of Doctor Who , Casualty , Boon and The Upper Hand . A Coronation Street spokeswoman said : \" We are very sad to hear of the death of . \" He created a legendary and iconic character in who will always be part of Coronation Street . Everyone connected with the programme sends our sincerest condolences to his family . \" Coronation Street star , who plays , said : \" I am so sorry to hear about . He was a warm , lovable actor , with great comedy timing . \" He will be greatly missed , one of the Street 's memorable characters . \" , who plays in Coronation Street , said : \" was a very dear friend for many years , and I 'm very sad to hear the news of his passing . \" He was a master of gentle comedy and brought pleasure to so many people . He will be sadly missed . \" , who played barmaid in Corrie , wrote on Twitter that her first TV job was playing 's girlfriend in The Royle Family , \" and he was so kind RIP lovely man x \" . was appointed Deputy Lord Lieutenant for the Isle of Wight in 2009 , providing the official link between the island and royalty at formal events .", ", from Argyll and Bute , failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area . He has not been seen since 2 November , when his rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa . Mr , 41 , runs Linn Botanic Gardens in the village of Cove on the Rosneath peninsula and serves the area as a retained firefighter . Local police and the British embassy in Hanoi have been informed about his disappearance . and fellow botanist , who has been liaising with the search parties , said they had been hampered by horrendous weather . \" The snow is continuing to melt , but there is a massive amount of snow damage to the forest such as collapsed trees ,\" he said . \" The weather has been horrendous , with snow down to Sapa . This is extremely unusual as Sapa is upper tropical rainforest . \" A large group from the national park will be doing an intensive search once the snow melts . \" A search due to begin on Tuesday will concentrate on four trails inside the forest of and , he said . Family and friends of Mr in his hometown of Cove have issued an appeal for funds to help cover the cost of the search . A Facebook page - Jamie Taggart Search - has also been set up . Organisations and individuals have so far raised thousands of pounds , including six-year-old of who donated her \u00c2 \u00a3 14.50 savings . The botanist 's father , , found out his son was missing when he failed to appear on a scheduled flight home to Scotland on 29 November . He had arrived at a guest house in Sapa on 30 October and left on a motorbike taxi to explore the hills . On 2 November his rucksack and passport were found at the accommodation . Dr previously told BBC Radio Scotland that he had received a handful of text messages from his son before contact stopped . \" I do n't think he had got lost . Either something happened to him on his first day on the hills or there is some explanation we can only guess at ,\" he said . A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesman said : \" We are still in close contact with the local authorities and are providing consular assistance to the family at this difficult time . \"", "The RAC said the higher prices were due to a combination of rising crude oil prices , and the devaluation of the pound after June 's Brexit vote . Average petrol prices rose by 4.4p to 116.7p per litre and average diesel prices rose 5.2p to 118.7p per litre . The motoring body said these were the biggest monthly increases for three and a half years . Its fuel spokesman , , said retailers had \" no choice \" but to put up prices on garage forecourts . \" The effects of the weak pound have really been felt on the wholesale market , and this , combined with an oil price at nearly double its lowest level in 2016 , has put significant upward pressure on wholesale fuel prices ,\" he said . \" Certainly , we are a long way from the remarkably low fuel prices enjoyed by families and businesses early in 2016 , when the average price of unleaded was around 102p per litre and diesel was 101p ,\" he added . According to the RAC , the increases mean it now costs \u00c2 \u00a3 64.20 to fill the 55-litre petrol tank of a typical family car . Meanwhile it costs \u00c2 \u00a3 65.25 to fill up a similarly sized tank in a diesel car . The RAC suggested that the price of fuel might stabilise in the coming months . \" Opec , which represents some of the world 's biggest oil producers , recently agreed in principle a cut in production ,\" said Mr . \" But a final deal is still to be agreed at an Opec meeting at the end of this month and , with some analysts suggesting a deal might yet stall , this leaves open the prospect oil prices might stabilise or even fall before the end of the year ,\" he added .", "East Oxford residents have been complaining about the behaviour of Oxford Brookes students on nights out . In the letter , head of community engagement , said students could face disciplinary action . One resident told the BBC he often heard students \" screaming \" . said : \" We 've had students running over cars in our street , stupid things . \" At two o'clock in the morning they 're all running past in shopping trolleys , screaming . It is n't a good thing . \" When you get terrible [ neighbours ] you 're in trouble . \" The letter tells students to \" show consideration to their neighbours , including students passing through residential areas to attend venues , as quite often residents are sleeping \" . It reads : \" We are particularly concerned about the volume of complaints we have received ... we believe that the majority of these complaints are caused by students on their way to or returning from a night out . \" The university takes its responsibilities as a neighbour within the community very seriously . \" All students at Oxford Brookes University accept , as a condition of enrolment , that they will not act in a way that brings the university into disrepute . This includes students living in private-rented accommodation . \" Oxford City Council has set Oxford 's universities a target of no more than 3,000 students each living in private accommodation . However , 3,747 Oxford Brookes students rented private homes last year , with many residing in the east Oxford area .", "Four wards were closed to visitors at Arrowe Park Hospital , Wirral , on Monday before the visiting ban was extended on Thursday . The ban does not affect Wirral Women and Children 's Hospitals . , director of nursing and midwifery at the hospital , said the decision was \" in the best interests of our patients \" . She said : \" The safety of our patients is paramount to us and it is never an easy decision to make but this will help us contain the spread of this highly contagious bug . \" The hospital has also asked the public to not visit its accident and emergency department if they have symptoms of the bug . Norovirus - which causes vomiting , stomach cramps , fever and diarrhoea - is easily spread from person to person . Symptoms usually begin between 12 to 48 hours after a person becomes infected , with most healthy people making a recovery within one to three days . Arrowe Park has not given an indication of how long the ban is likely to remain in effect .", "Two men , aged 23 and 24 , had a noxious substance thrown over them at 19:00 BST on Tuesday on Roman Road , Bethnal Green , east London . , 23 , has been charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon , namely acid . He was remanded in custody when he appeared at Thames Magistrates' Court . Mr , of no fixed address , gave no indication of a plea . He is due to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on 29 August .", "The Tribunal de Commerce decided SeaFrance 's future after a bailout by the French government was ruled illegal by the European Commission . The court also said an offer by a cooperative of employees was not acceptable . Hundreds of jobs in France are also expected to be lost . Three ferries were operated by SeaFrance on the Dover to Calais route . The service was suspended in November . Conservative MP for Dover and Deal said : \" It is a real concern for the ... people in Dover who have worked for SeaFrance and also their families . \" This is a difficult day and I think the heart of the whole community goes out to them . \" Obviously it 's a real blow , [ if ] SeaFrance is n't operating that means there 's less ferry traffic . \" There were tears from SeaFrance workers who gathered outside the court in Paris to hear the decision on the firm 's future . Many were protesting over the handling of SeaFrance 's fate , with one banner questioning why French president , had not intervened to save the company . Flares were lit in protest at the company 's liquidation . Eurotunnel has not ruled out a future bid for the cross-channel ferry firm , which employs nearly 1,000 people . Mr said of Eurotunnel 's proposals : \" Many people will want to know that they were n't simply going to buy them [ SeaFrance 's ferries ] in order to scrap them . \" We need to make sure they give a clear plan as to why they are interested in the ferry business and not simply going to take out capacity . \" Everyone is working as hard as they can to ensure that their jobs will be safeguarded and working as hard as they can to ensure that those ships will be back on route with a new buyer and a new purchaser . \" A spokesman said Eurotunnel would \" now be working to see what the fair value of the assets \" were before making any decision . The French firm went into receivership in 2010 and its company 's ferries carried more than 3.5 million passengers a year on the Dover to Calais route . A spokeswoman from SeaFrance said : \" SeaFrance is sad to announce that the Tribunal de Commerce in Paris has made the decision to liquidate the company . \" Despite the best efforts of all parties , the court came to the difficult conclusion that none of the options available to it were financially viable . \" Provision has been made to ensure that all customers with pre-existing bookings will receive refunds . \" She urged customers to contact SeaFrance for details .", "His solicitor has asked Surrey Police to explain a statement that he had confessed to the murder . , 47 , was given a whole-life prison sentence in June 2011 for murdering the schoolgirl . Surrey Police confirmed it had received a letter from 's solicitors but said it was standing by its statement on the confession . was kidnapped while on her way from school to her home in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , in March 2002 . said , now known as , believed a \" covert tape \" may have been used to record his response to a police interview in prison . She said \" my client denies giving a confession \" . She has written to Surrey Police requesting the tape recording and notes from the meeting . said contacted her very soon after Surrey Police distributed its press statement relating to the case . She said denies all the crimes for which he has been convicted . Last month , Surrey Police revealed had made the admission during an investigation into whether he had an accomplice involved in the abduction and rape , but not murder , of . The force said it stood by its original statement . A police source speaking to the BBC would not comment on how the admission was recorded . 's body was found 25 miles away from where she was kidnapped , in Yateley Heath , Hampshire . Experts could not say how she died . was found guilty of abducting and murdering the teenager following a trial at the Old Bailey where a judge described him as a \" cruel and pitiless killer \" . He was already in jail for the murders of , 22 , and , 19 , and the attempted murder of , 18 , when he went on trial accused of killing . He lived 50 yards from where vanished but did not become a suspect until he was arrested by police in London for the other crimes in 2004 . On Wednesday , the family revealed harrowing details of 's final hours , saying they had been made aware of her suffering last year after had spoken to police .", "It backed plans to issue fines initially , and only resort to criminal charges for repeat offenders . Selling , buying and producing the drug will remain illegal and the move must still be ratified by parliament . According to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , almost 9 % of Israelis use cannabis , though some experts believe the figure to be higher . The move follows recommendations by a committee set up to study the issue , and moves by a number of US states and European nations to decriminalise use of the drug . \" On the one hand we are opening ourselves up to the future . On the other hand , we understand the dangers and will try to balance the two ,\" Prime Minister told his cabinet ahead of the vote . Israeli Justice Minister said : \" Israel cannot shut its eyes to the changes being made across the world in respect to marijuana consumption and its effects . \" Meanwhile , Public Security Minister added that the move was \" an important step on the way to implementing a new policy that will emphasise education and treatment instead of criminal enforcement \" . Under the new system , first-time personal users who are caught and confess will be fined 1,000 shekels ( \u00c2 \u00a3 220 ; $ 270 ) , with this doubling on the second occasion . Probation will apply the third time and only a fourth case would lead to criminal charges . Israel is one of the world leaders in research into medical use of marijuana .", "The 24-year-old striker , who scored 25 Premier League goals last season , turned down the most lucrative contract offer in Everton 's history in March . \" I do n't want to stay at the same level . I want to improve and I know where I want to do that ,\" Belgian said on Monday . Former club Chelsea , who he originally signed for in 2011 , remain favourites to complete a deal for . The Premier League champions , Manchester United and Bayern Munich have been linked with a move for , who has been at Everton since 2013 . \" We are now talking to the club . I know what 's happening , but I will leave the talks to my agent ,\" he added to journalists after Belgium beat the Czech Republic in a friendly in Brussels . \" I know what 's happening , but I ca n't tell you anything more . \" What I would like most is to play in the Champions League and try to win the Premier League once . Or better - a few times . \" is represented by , the agent who helped negotiate 's \u00a3 89m move to Manchester United last summer .", "The rock legends' set went out on the BBC World Service as part of 's Rhythm and Blues programme and was taped from an AM radio in Europe . It includes the band 's only known recording of the track Sunshine Woman . The session recording has been restored with help from guitarist for inclusion on a new compilation . The Complete BBC Sessions , which will be released in September , is a remastered update of a 1997 collection of tracks recorded for the BBC between 1969 and 1971 . It includes eight previously unreleased recordings , including the first broadcast of Stairway To Heaven , from the BBC Paris Cinema in London on 1 April 1971 . Versions of songs from the band 's first two albums also feature , including Communication Breakdown and What Is And What Should Never Be . Formed in 1968 , Led Zeppelin went on to become one of the world 's biggest bands , with each of their studio albums making the top 10 of the US Billboard charts . They officially split in 1980 , following the death of drummer . The remaining members reformed for a 2007 concert in London , with 's son playing drums .", "The woman was taken to hospital after the incident involving a male inmate at Maghaberry Prison , near Lisburn , on Monday . from the Prison Officers Association ( POA ) told BBC News NI the woman was one of the newer prison officers . He said he believed she was attacked with a weapon \" made from a razor \" . \" She has an approximately three inch deep cut below her left ear ,\" he said . \" With the ever increasing budget cuts , I believe this will happen more often ,\" he added . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" The Prison Service utterly condemns this attack and has referred the incident to the PSNI \" .", "Royal Mail predicts that on what it calls Take-back Tuesday there will be a rise of more than 50 % in returns against December 's daily average . Clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned . People are also expected to flock to shops at lunchtime to give back gifts , but may face issues getting a refund . , from consumer analysts Savvy Marketing , told the BBC : \" The problem for many people will be that without a gift receipt they will not be able to get a return at the retail price at which an item was originally purchased . \" Prices have been slashed in the Boxing Day and January sales , and there is also likely to be very mixed stock available if shoppers are wanting to return and replace an item , as it is unlikely a product will be available on the shelf . \" It is not only shoppers who could have problems - there are also issues for the companies themselves . \" It poses challenges for retailers in terms of additional staffing for returns and ensuring that returns policies are adhered to ,\" Ms said . \" This year , returns are complicated by the high level of discounting before Christmas when many gifts were purchased - so retailers have the challenge of managing their [ profit ] margin on returns . \" You can also expect to see long queues in retailers at exchange points , which are never a desirable position for the retailer or shopper . \" Find out more about your rights Most online clothes shoppers send something back Royal Mail 's figures for the expected surge in returns is based on the number of parcels handled by its Tracked Returns service , which is used by more than 1,000 e-retailers . A Royal Mail survey of 1,517 UK online shoppers , looking at the number of items sent back , discovered that 30 % of them returned women 's clothes , 17 % men 's clothes , 16 % footwear and 7 % children 's clothes . And in a separate survey of 1,505 online shoppers in the UK , 38 % said that a free returns policy was likely to make them do more shopping in this way . The highest volume of returns through Royal Mail in the last financial year took place in January 2016 .", "said if they want the highest standard of health and social care , then the current configuration of services is not going to work . Mr pulled no punches in his first keynote address in his new role . He said the real challenge was the absence of political agreement on the future of health and social care . Mr acknowledged the worries that reform will lead to the closure of facilities . But he added that its growing and ageing population means Northern Ireland has to do things differently . In a hard-hitting speech with lots of plain talking , the minister said attachments to the bricks and mortar of the National Health Service [ NHS ] must not act as a barrier that inhibits people from getting the best healthcare . Instead , he called on people to embrace change and allow the NHS to move with the times .", ", 12 , was among 34 pupils at Brentwood School in Essex aboard a coach that crashed into a motorway bridge near Middelkerke , West Flanders . Her father said she had been \" very disturbed by it all \" . The school said some staff still needed hospital treatment , but all pupils were due back in school next week . The coach , which was heading to Cologne in Germany for a languages trip , hit a bridge on the A18 ( E40 ) near Middelkerke during the morning of 28 June . Driver , who worked for a coach firm in County Antrim , Northern Ireland , was killed . A second driver was also injured . Two boys who were badly hurt , with one receiving head injuries and another having a broken leg , have both been back to the independent school to meet their friends , a spokesman said . He said some injured teachers , including one who suffered a broken collarbone , had continued to receive hospital treatment and were due to continue recovering for a number of weeks until they could return to work . Some pupils and staff are also receiving counselling . , whose daughter escaped unhurt , told BBC Essex she was still \" emotionally not quite right \" . \" There 's been some teary situations and sleepless nights and it 's still quite a shock for her ,\" he said . \" There was one occasion when she had to get into a coach and was very disturbed by it all . \" The school 's second master said he had spoken to police in Belgium and it was \" going to be a long process \" to find out what caused the crash , but he said he would still like trips to continue .", "spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice , where he has been training since pre-season . \" I would never say never ,\" the 32-year-old said of the possibility of signing for the Scottish Premiership club . \" If they came to me and were interested , I would definitely consider it . \" spent six years at Tannadice and ended as club captain . \" I am currently training at Dundee United ,\" he told BBC Scotland . \" When pre-season came about and I still had n't got a club , I rang manager and asked if I could go in . \" They are a good club with some fantastic young players . \" I would never say never , but United would need to want me first . \" The United States appears to be a possible destination for . \" I am probably looking further afield than Scotland ,\" he said . \" I 'm looking abroad . \" At the moment , there are a few clubs interested , but they have their full forum of allocated players so they need to maybe lose one or two of them before they can move . \" It is looking like January before the foreign market can come about , so I might need to get something short term until then . \" had no regrets about his move to Rangers , who helped the Ibrox side win Scotland 's third tier before dropping to the bench for much of last season in the Championship . \" I was out of contract with Dundee United and at the time they were only prepared to offer a one-year contract ,\" he said . \" When I spoke to , they were prepared to offer two years . \" A lot of people say you are dropping down the divisions , which is a fair point , but it is going to a club of Rangers' stature , history , fan base , playing at Ibrox every second week and training at Murray Park every day . \" I was just delighted to go to a club like that and play for a man that I really respected in . \"", "The man - identified as a 30-year-old surnamed - was held in the southern Guangxi region and brought back to the capital , Xinhua said . made a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec , driving three times faster than the official limit . A video of his feat in August soon became an internet sensation in China . In April , two men crashed a Ferrari and a Lamborghini as they staged what reports said was a \" real-life Fast and Furious \" race in the capital , referring to the film franchise . The drivers were later sentenced to five and four months in jail .", "It said just 8 % of councils had built enough to replace half of their stock sold through the scheme , which allows council tenants to buy their homes . The charity said there was a danger of some areas having no affordable homes . The government said it was committed to building 275,000 affordable new homes over the course of this parliament . Right to Buy was first introduced in the 1980s under 's government and was given a boost in 2012 when discounts for tenants were increased to \u00c2 \u00a3 75,000 . In this year 's Queen 's speech the government announced the scheme was being extended to 1.3m housing association tenants in England . Shelter , which looked at provisional figures from the Department for Communities and Local Government , said just two of the 166 councils in England listed as selling properties through Right to Buy had succeeded in replacing more than 100 % of the properties sold . Under existing policy , the government has promised that each home sold after 2012 would be replaced . The charity 's chief executive warned the problem of not enough council homes being replaced was only likely to get worse , leaving some areas with no affordable homes . \" At this rate they 'll soon be black-spots across the country where no-one on a normal income can afford to live ,\" he said . 1. North Kesteven 187 % 2. New Forest 128 % 3. Waverley 89 % 4. Barking and Dagenham 88 % 5. Winchester 81 % 6. Ipswich 80 % 7. Tandridge 79 % 8. Castle Point 71 % 9. Hounslow 64 % 10. South Cambridgeshire 59 % The Local Government Association ( LGA ) , which represents councils in England and Wales , said many council housing programmes were hampered by complex rules and restrictions on the use of receipts from sales of homes . LGA housing spokesman said : \" It is imperative that councils are given the powers to replace housing sold through Right to Buy quickly and effectively as part of the Spending Review . \" Councils need to be able to retain 100 % of receipts from sales while Right to Buy discounts should be set locally so they reflect the cost of houses in the area . \" Mr said the LGA estimated this would allow councils to replace 50,000 homes sold over the lifetime of the next Parliament . The government said nearly 40,000 new homeowners had been created since it increased discounts for council tenants in 2012 . A spokesman added : \" Councils are continuing to fulfil the requirement to deliver one for one replacements within three years , and over 3,000 replacement homes have already been delivered across England . \" We have been absolutely clear that if councils do not deliver one for one replacements for the additional homes sold under Right to Buy the government will . \"", "If made law , the measure will put a 20 % ceiling on any foreign stakes in Russian media , including those held indirectly through Russian partners . Russia 's main media outlets are state-owned or controlled by loyal oligarchs . But top ally said Russia was facing \" an information war unleashed against the country \" . Russian TV news has accused the Ukrainian government of provoking clashes in eastern Ukraine through acts of aggression , including indiscriminate shelling of civilians . The Kiev government blames pro-Russian separatists for the violence , and says Russia has fomented it by supplying soldiers and heavy weapons to the rebels . The media bill is to go before Duma ( lower house ) deputies on 23 September , Itar-Tass news agency reports . The restrictions would apply to magazines and internet publications as well as newspapers and broadcast media . The bill is highly likely to become law as it was proposed by MPs who usually support the pro-Kremlin group United Russia . BBC Monitoring reports that foreigners directly own stakes in some Russian mainstream media :", "The futures of Aston and Coventry stations were discussed by West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority . The authority , which said it needed buildings for a \" modern-day \" fire service , approved its budget earlier . Plans to demolish Aston 's Ettington Road fire station , which was built in 1923 , will go before planners . , deputy chief officer of West Midlands Fire Service , said Aston residents would be consulted as part of the planning process . The authority says that Coventry 's Radford Road station , which was built in 1976 , is expensive to run and maintain . A new station at Aston could cost around \u00c2 \u00a3 7.5m , while the Coventry scheme could cost an estimated \u00c2 \u00a3 6.7m . English Heritage has said it expected to be consulted on the proposal to demolish Aston fire station if the plan was put forward . \" Aston fire station was listed at Grade II in 2010 and recognised as a carefully-designed building which works well with its surroundings and is a powerful symbol of civic pride ,\" a spokesperson said .", "A woman got out of the vehicle and an unknown man jumped in and took the car . Police said it happened at Boucher Crescent in south Belfast at about 17:25 GMT . Members of the public managed to stop the car but the man fled on foot . A short time later a man in his 30s was arrested and remains in custody . The two children were unharmed .", "The 31-year-old has joined the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season . could be handed his Eastleigh debut in the National League game at Kidderminster on Tuesday . Ex-Bournemouth striker has scored five goals for League Two side Portsmouth this season but he has not featured for Pompey since October .", "Administrators' reports suggest around \u00a3 7m of \u00a3 10.25m lent to Northampton Town by the local borough Council was passed to 1st Land Limited . A total of \u00a3 2.65m was then given to and his father , . declined to comment , saying : \" I 'm under confidentiality so ca n't speak . \" A report from March this year showed a dispute arose between the Cardozas and 1st Land , which has since gone into administration , over the money . The called it a \" Joint Venture Fee \" - money paid to one party to help carry out a jointly-run project - but 1st Land said it was a loan . It is unclear what has since happened to the money . The \u00a3 10.25m loan was originally paid to the League Two club for the redevelopment of the new East Stand at Sixfields Stadium , along with a hotel and conference centre - none of which have been completed . Contractors Buckingham Group were appointed to carry out the works , with 1st Land appointed to oversee the development . When the company went into administration , it owed Northampton Town \u00a3 7.3m and Buckingham Group more than \u00a3 2m . The Cardozas and fellow businessmen , , his son and , feature as directors of several firms with business links to 1st Land and a second company appointed to oversee the development - County Developments ( Northampton ) Limited or CDNL . Many of these companies have gone into liquidation . is listed as the only director of 1st Land ; which is owned by another Grossman firm , County Group . The administrators' report also lists payments of \u00a3 314,000 to for his salary ; \u00a3 1.475m to County Homes ( Herts ) Ltd and \u00a3 233,000 to County Cemetery Services Limited . The director of County Homes is also Howard Grossman . County Cemetery Services lists two current directors : and . was a director of the company until August last year . It has also gone into administration - but not before a sale agreement was made with a company called Centurion Infinity Limited ; whose directors are and . After the collapse of 1st Land , CDNL took over the job of facilitating the Sixfields development . Its current directors are listed as and , while and resigned directorships in January . That company has now also entered liquidation . The club faces a winding-up petition , due to be heard on 16 November , from HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) .", "Mr , 48 , was arrested after appearing as a guest on a radio programme in Port-au-Prince last week . He was flown to the US to face the long-standing charges . Dozens of his supporters attended the hearing in Miami , demanding his release . Mr was recently elected to his country 's senate , \" We are here to support Senator . We all feel like he is innocent ,\" said Haitian Senator . \" We are here to let him know we stand up behind him . We think this is all politics ,\" he told the Associated Press news agency . Until last week , the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) listed Mr as a wanted man on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine and money laundering His arrest , on 5 January , came days before he was due to be sworn in as a senator , which would have given him some immunity from prosecution . Campaign group Human Rights Watch has accused him of overseeing extra-judicial killings . Mr , Haiti 's former police chief , denies any wrongdoing . He took part in the 2004 rebellion that removed President from power . The new Haitian Senate , elected in November , was sworn in on Monday , with new president due to take office on 7 February . Haiti has been led by interim President since February 2016 when stepped down at the end of his term .", "Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust has 285 full-time vacancies across three sites , which cover Surrey and Berkshire . The high cost of living in the south of England is said to be a factor affecting recruitment . Each successful applicant will receive a maximum of \u00a3 1,340 in subsidies . Nurses will be offered accommodation at Wexham Park Hospital in Slough , Frimley Park near Camberley and Heatherwood Hospital in Ascot . moved from Croatia to become a nurse at Wexham Park after hearing about the incentive . \" The crucial thing for coming here was the support . I realised that when I started I would get the free accommodation which helped me settle in \" , he said . Wexham Park Hospital matron said : \" Rental prices are higher in this area , which means people do struggle and the one thing that we can offer people is the free accommodation when they start . \" Longer term we would look to help them find somewhere in the local area to live . \" Currently the average monthly rent for a one-bedroom property in Slough is \u00a3 897 , whereas the average for the same sort of property in Camberley is \u00a3 930 . The average cost for a room in both areas ranges from \u00a3 500 to \u00a3 550 .", "Those arrested include two builders , police officers and municipality officials . The apartment building came crashing down on Thursday . Correspondents say building collapses are common in India , with poor construction practices often blamed . In pictures : Mumbai building collapse There is huge demand for housing , and corruption often leads to cost-cutting and a lack of safety inspections , correspondents say . Police commissioner said the builders were arrested for allegedly paying bribes to police and municipal officials to construct the building in the Mumbai suburb of Thane without any official sanction . Mr said on Sunday that the nine would be formally charged with culpable homicide and causing death by negligence , once the investigation into the accident had been completed . If convicted , they face sentences of up to life in prison . Most of the victims of the Thane collapse were poor daily wage earners working at the site , and their families . The dead included 30 children and 18 women . Building work had continued at the block even though four floors were already occupied . One police official told the BBC that the collapse appeared to have been caused by the use of substandard building material . Witnesses said the construction of the building started just six weeks ago , since when seven floors had been built . The eighth floor was under construction . In a similar collapse in 2010 , 69 people were killed in Delhi .", "The 22-year-old leaves first professional club Wigan Athletic after four years , having made 19 senior appearances . County boss described as \" a box-to-box midfielder with great athleticism \" . \" He came through Wigan 's academy system and has got great energy ,\" the manager added . The Dingwall side visit Hamilton Academical on Saturday , having won two of their three Scottish Premiership matches so far . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "has spent the last five years as chief commercial officer at Premier League rivals Arsenal and replaces , who left Villa Park in July . \" I was delighted and even flattered by 's interest in the job ,\" said owner , who put the club up for sale in May but is yet to find a buyer . \" His reputation as a leader and team builder makes him , to my mind , a great fit to take our club forward . \" had been with the Gunners since 2009 and brings more than 25 years' experience of sports marketing to Villa . \" Aston Villa has always been an important club in English football and it has a long and rich history of success at the top of the game ,\" said . \" The chance to help restore the club to its rightful place in the Premier League is a challenge I 'm really energised by and greatly looking forward to . \"", "Interest and participation has increased hugely in recent years across the country , according to the Outdoor Swimming Society . Eighty outdoor swims are being held over the 2015 season , with most taking place on Christmas or Boxing Day . Safety advice has been issued by the society for the first time . Spokesman said it was expecting more people to take part this year in the sea , rivers and lidos . \" What 's interesting this year is the temperature of the water . \" It 's three to four degrees higher in certain places than it was this time last year . Temperature does play a part . \" He said overall membership numbers increased from 15,000 last year to 25,000 this year and that 40 % of members now actively swim throughout the winter . \" The Christmas swims very much appeal to the British psyche of doing something different , something slightly weird and wonderful ,\" he said . - Do not take part if you are pregnant , suffer from asthma or have a heart condition . - Get warm before the swim and remove your warm clothing at the last minute . - Go in feet first , not head first , and control your breathing before immersing your shoulders . - Have low expectations of how long you will be in for or how far you will go - Dry off and put on layers within ten minutes of getting out , 33 , from Cornwall , described herself as a \" granite-fleshed cold-water bathing enthusiast \" who always swims in the sea at Christmas . \" The sensation is truly electrifying . It is a great way to test your constitution and boost your immune system ,\" she said . has been photographing the Exmouth Christmas Day swim since 2007 . \" Its getting massively busy now and the atmosphere is amazing . Costumes are getting wilder and there are more and more people taking part ,\" he said . \" There are about 1,000 swimmers , thousands of spectators and tens of thousands watch by webcam too so we have a worldwide audience \" . from the Serpentine Swimming Club in London said : \" We have seen a huge growth in numbers over the past five years \" . He said its Christmas swimming race tradition began in 1864 and about 100 people usually take part after a strict vetting process . \" Swimming in a wetsuit is cheating \" he said , although stressed that the club has \" strict guidelines \" making sure participants have acclimatised .", "The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) has stripped the three of their gold medals , won in Beijing in 2008 . They were among eight athletes sanctioned for doping - the latest to be caught under a retesting programme . The International Weightlifting Federation ( IWF ) last year ruled any nations with three or more positive tests would be banned for a year . The IOC is retesting hundreds of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games , using new techniques to uncover cheating that went undetected at the time . , 33 , took gold in the women 's 75kg weightlifting event at Beijing , , 34 , won the women 's 48kg and , 31 , was successful in the women 's 69kg . All will now have to return their medals . The failed retests were uncovered last year but the sanctions - announced by the IOC on Thursday - will clear the way for the IWF to act . The IWF issued new measures before last year 's Rio Olympics to crack down on doping in the sport . Its executive board decided \" national federations confirmed to have produced three or more anti-doping rule violations in the combined re-analysis process of the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games shall be suspended for one year \" . Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan , Russia and Belarus have already been banned by the IWF . The other five athletes to be sanctioned by the IOC are : \" The protection of clean athletes and the fight against doping are top priorities for the IOC ,\" a spokesperson said ,", "Research by The Local Data Company ( LDC ) and the University of Stirling found the average retail vacancy rate dropped from 14.5 % to 13.7 % . East Kilbride has the highest rate of all Scottish towns , at 33 % , while Inverurie has the lowest , at 1 % . The study found that 40 % of Scotland 's empty shops have remained vacant for more than three years . It also suggested that town vacancy rates have improved at twice the rate of Scotland 's cities . The most improved towns were Anstruther , Clydebank , Dumfries , Inverkeithing , Lochgelly , Peterhead and Pitlochry . Five towns have maintained vacancy rates at less than 6 % for the last three years - Inverurie , Ellon , North Berwick , Dunbar and Biggar . At the other end of the scale , rates in five towns have remained above 22 % over the last three years - Banff , Dumbarton , Cumbernauld , East Kilbride and Ardrossan . Dundee had the highest proportion of persistent vacancy , at 11 % . was found to have the highest proportion of independent shops ( 86 %) , while Gretna had the lowest ( 5 %) . Leisure is an increasingly significant presence in cities and towns , accounting for 39 % of total stock in Edinburgh and Glasgow . Leisure businesses also account for more than 30 % of shops in Renfrew , St Andrews , Lochgelly and Fort William . Aberdeen has the highest proportion of charity shops for a city , at 4.2 % , while Penicuik in Midlothian has the greatest proportion of charity shops for a town , at 8.9 % . , director at the Local Data Company , said : \" The report identifies important trends as well as quashes common perceptions that deprived towns ca n't succeed . \" Of particular significance is that in many Scottish towns almost 40 % of the vacant units have been vacant for more than three years . \" Such a stark figure implies obsolescence and a major barrier to healthy and sustainable places and communities . \" The study looked into the health of high streets in more than 100 cities and towns north of the border .", "Lufthansa lost an appeal to a Frankfurt labour court , but is making a further legal challenge that could go late into Tuesday evening . The pilots' strike , called over a pay dispute , will affect around 100,000 passengers , Lufthansa said . The industrial action is part of a long-running pay dispute at Lufthansa . The pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit ( VC ) has organised 14 strikes since April 2014 . Short and medium-haul flights from Germany will be affected from 00:01 to 23:59 local time ( 23:01-22:59 GMT ) . Flights by Lufthansa 's other airlines including Eurowings , Swiss , Austrian Airlines , Air Dolomiti and Brussels Airlines are not affected by the strike , the airline said . Pay talks between the Vereinigung union and the German airline broke down earlier this month , and Lufthansa said the union had \" consistently rejected the offer \" of mediation . The union is calling for a 3.7 % pay rise for 5,400 pilots dating back to 2012 . Lufthansa , which is facing increasing competition from budget rivals , offered a 2.5 % increase over the six years until 2019 . Meanwhile , a separate dispute with cabin crew at Lufthansa 's low-cost subsidiary , Eurowings , led it to cancel more than 60 flights on Tuesday .", "The leak happened at the Worthy Farm site in Somerset in June 2014 and damaged water quality and killed fish . Founder , who was at Yeovil Magistrates' Court , said the sewage was in a \u00a3 100,000 slurry tank . The Glastonbury Festival is one of the UK 's biggest music events , with some 175,000 people attending each year . During the hearing , the judge was told that 42 fish were killed by the sewage after a \" large quantity \" of sewage filtered into Whitelake River . Sensors in the stream alerted the Environment Agency to increased ammonia levels . The court was told fish - including protected brown trout - died as a result . Glastonbury Festival 2014 admitted the single charge against it . Prosecuting , said : \" The impact was extensive ... It extended for at least 4km downstream . \" Representing the festival , , said the leak in the tank was a \" freak incident \" and not as serious as was being made out . \" We do n't accept that it was a major incident as described by the agency ,\" he said . \" The leak period was eight hours . We do accept that there was a significant effect on water quality and the fish health . \" Significant costs were not incurred in terms of a clean up . \" The case has now been adjourned while both parties put together more detailed background reports . Outside court said : \" Of course , I 'm exceedingly sorry for what 's happened . \" We had a problem obviously - there were 200,000 people and we were storing slurry . \" It was a tank for holding farm slurry , but on this occasion we were using it for the festival sewage and it was starting to leak . \" It was a brand new build , it cost me \u00a3 100,000 , so that 's my defence . \" Another issue yet to be decided is the seriousness of the breach . If it is a category one offence , the festival would be in line for a fine of between \u00a3 55,000 to \u00a3 300,000 or , if it is deemed a category two the fine would be \u00a3 20,000 . The defence team told the court any fine should be in line with the company 's finances . They said the festival 's net profit was \u00a3 84,000 a year before tax . But the prosecution said turnover was about \u00a3 37m . Mr said the site donated \u00a3 2m in 2015 to a number of charities , including the Somerset Wildlife Trust and WaterAid . District Judge said there was \" significant differences between one account to another \" and said there would be a four-day hearing to decide the facts before sentencing . , and headlined the festival in 2014 .", "Spaniard , 34 , has made eight appearances for Liege since joining in January , helping them win the Belgian Cup final in March , but is currently injured . In a statement , Liege said they had decided to play their younger players for the rest of the season . Valdes' current contract with United will expire this summer . Former Barcelona player clashed with United manager in July before a proposed move to Turkish club Besiktas collapsed the following month . Never want to miss the latest Man Utd news ? You can now add United and all the other sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home .", "The shadow education secretary wants the GCSE system updated to include academic and vocational subjects . In a motion in the House of Commons , he will call for a \" new political consensus \" on education policy . \" We have a long-standing mismatch between the education system and the labour market ,\" says Mr . Mr is understood to want a more \" constructive \" approach to opposition after Labour 's general election defeat . The motion in the House of Commons will emphasise the common goals of wanting to improve education to drive economic growth and calls on the government to create a cross-party review \" to cover exams , educational institutions and curriculum \" . Mr wants to build a political consensus on moving away from the current GCSE system , which he argues needs to be overhauled when the leaving age has risen to 18 and these are no longer the final school-leaving exams . The shadow education secretary wants a broader baccalaureate system incorporating both vocational and academic exams . But such a change would need to be introduced over a longer period than the next Parliament - and Mr 's move is an attempt to \" begin a conversation \" . Mr says that the exams system is no longer delivering the skills needed for the labour market . \" We need a new political consensus to put it right . That is why I am calling on the government to initiate a cross-party review of 14-19 education in this country . \" We should leave nothing off the table . Our only goal should be establishing consensus on the changes needed in our 14-19 education system to secure for our country the long-term economic growth and productivity that we need to succeed . \" Education Secretary promised during the election campaign there would be no more \" constant upheaval or constant change \" in the next five years . The major changes to the exam system and curriculum , announced in the previous coalition government , will be implemented during the next Parliament . These include phasing in a more \" rigorous \" set of GCSEs and A-levels , with less coursework and modules and a greater emphasis on exams at the end of two years . On Tuesday , the education secretary announced that the revised grading system for GCSEs would have a tougher pass mark than at present .", "Caterpillar is the world 's largest manufacturer of heavy construction equipment . The firm has operations in Larne , Newtownabbey and west Belfast . Caterpillar 's Northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and mainly makes diesel generators . The firm has been hit by a global downturn in mining and oil exploration which has reduced demand for its products . It is understood that the company may announce cuts across its global operations beyond Northern Ireland . It has already axed thousands of jobs worldwide since last year as part of a major restructuring programme . Since 2011 it has shed more than 1,000 posts in Northern Ireland and moved some work to factories in China . It is understood night-shifts have been cancelled , with staff told to expect official news on Thursday . Caterpillar refused to comment on any jobs announcement yesterday . But a spokesman added : \" Caterpillar is committed to communicating regularly and directly with our employees about the business environment and any resulting changes \" . Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in MP for West Belfast said yesterday : \" Uncertainty over the future of Caterpillar 's operations in the north will be no doubt distressing for workers and their families . \" \" It is vitally important that management keep all employees up to date with the latest information as soon as possible ,\" he added . The American company bought FG Wilson in 1999 . There have been significant manufacturing job losses in Northern Ireland over the past year , including Michelin , JTI Gallahers and Bombardier .", "An IoD report , Ultrafast Britain , says the UK is lagging behind many European nations when installing fibre optic cables that enable the fastest broadband connections . It is calling for faster broadband access for homes and business . A government spokesperson said most UK homes can get \" superfast \" broadband . \" Almost nine out of ten UK properties has access to superfast speeds and 95 % of the UK will be reached by 2017 ,\" a spokesperson for the Department for Culture , Media and Sport told the BBC . But the IoD believes the target should be higher and is calling for speeds of 10 gigabits per second ( Gbps ) by 2030 , 1,000 times faster than the current official aim of 10 megabits per second ( Mbps ) by 2020 . \" Now is the time to set a bold new target for genuinely world-beating broadband ,\" said , senior advisor on Infrastructure Policy at the IoD , and author of the report . \" We have the leading internet economy in the G20 , and yet download speeds are mediocre and the coverage of fibre optic cable is woeful . \" He added : \" Unfortunately , the Government 's current target displays a distinct poverty of ambition . \" Mr said the government needed to look at how the UK could provide the physical infrastructure needed to maintain a position \" at the forefront of digital innovation in business \" . IoD members interviewed for the report said that better broadband speeds could increase their company 's productivity , make them more competitive , and enable them to offer more flexible working to their staff . The IoD report comes just days after communications watchdog Ofcom said BT must open up its cable network and allow competition to improve UK internet connections . Ofcom also said there was a digital divide in the UK between those with the latest technologies , and those without . It has proposed that decent , affordable broadband should be a universal right . Rivals had called for a split between BT and its Openreach operation , which runs its cables , fibre and network infrastructure . Companies such as Sky , Vodafone and TalkTalk , who pay to use the network , had claimed that BT underinvested in Openreach , leading to a poor service with interruptions and slow speeds .", "Fire , police and coastguard teams were called to Butley Creek near Orford , Suffolk , on Wednesday by a member of the public who had seen the supine figure of a man lying in the water . The \" body \" turned out to be a work of art called A Thousand Tides , which has been at the site for more than a year . A Suffolk Police spokesman described the work as \" quite realistic \" . Read more Suffolk stories here The sculpture , by artist , was designed to only be seen at low tide and was intended to sink eventually . However , Mr said it had \" stayed on the surface longer than it should \" . He said : \" I 've always been a bit worried that a helicopter would spot it and want to rescue it . \" To convince someone it 's a real person is a great achievement , although I would like to apologise to the poor person who called it in . \" The sculpture was a parting gift to the area from Mr , who had a studio and foundry works nearby for 15 years until spring 2016 before moving to Halesworth . Mr website says his work \" attempts to do justice to the locality and its history , by peopling it with large figures that have survived the ravages of the water and the elements . \" Suffolk Police confirmed they attended Butley Creek , saying : \" Police received a call from a member of the public reporting what they believed to be a body in the river . \" The fire service and coastguard were also called to assist , but a short while later this was actually confirmed to be a sculpture . \" A Thousand Tides is reminiscent of 's Another Place installation on Crosby beach in Merseyside , which depicts 100 bronze figures looking out over the Irish Sea .", ", 35 , travelled to Newport train station , where he thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl called . But he was confronted by so-called \" paedophile hunters \" and later arrested , Newport Crown Court was told . He admitted attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity and meeting a child after online grooming . He also pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to attempting to cause a child to watch a sexual act . The court heard started messaging the teenager in an online chat room in June , saying she looked \" cute and beautiful \" . But she was in fact an adult belonging to a group called Petronus . The operation was captured on film by the BBC Wales Week In Week Out programme , which investigated the role of paedophile hunters in Wales . The court heard that Romanian national arranged to meet \" \" in Newport and suggested she bring a friend for sexual activity . Sentencing him , Judge QC said : \" You were the subject of an exchange conducted by those who are looking to attract paedophiles . \" He was also made the subject of an indefinite sexual harm prevention order . Paedophile hunting groups have drawn criticism from both the Home Office and police , who have said it was inappropriate for the public to conduct undercover work . They have urged anyone with information to instead pass it to them instead .", "caught the hosts cold to play in and the former Barnsley forward made no mistake to fire Solihull in front after nine minutes . could have made it comfortable for Solihull just before the break , but he was unable to hit the target after 's neat flick put him through . were left frustrated as and squandered decent chances . And Solihull were left clinging on when debutant picked up two yellow cards to be sent off with five minutes remaining - just eight minutes after coming off the bench . Report supplied by the Press Association Match ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Second Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . ( Bromley ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . Substitution , . replaces . ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . Substitution , Bromley . replaces . ( Solihull Moors ) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul . ( Bromley ) is shown the yellow card . Substitution , Solihull Moors . replaces . Substitution , Bromley . replaces . Second Half begins Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . First Half ends , Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . Goal ! Bromley 0 , Solihull Moors 1 . ( Solihull Moors ) . First Half begins . Lineups are announced and players are warming up .", "The ex-Cabinet Minister lost his Yeovil seat in May 's general election after 14 years as the constituency member . Mr , 49 , will serve as executive chairman of Centre Forum but is still considering various job opportunities two months on from his defeat . He described himself as not suited to \" navel gazing and endless holidays \" . In his first full interview since the election , the former Minster for the Cabinet Office , Minister for Schools and Chief Secretary to the Treasury described his dismay at the \" tsunami sweeping away lots of Lib Dem MPs \" on 8 May . \" I was extremely disappointed and upset for people like my staff who 've worked in my office for years and years . I was very sorry on their behalf ,\" he said . \" I suppose it [ the scale of the defeat ] meant that it did n't feel quite as personal\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 when you see all of your colleagues being knocked over like ninepins then it feels something that it 's much more difficult to do anything about . \" But the disappointment was clear to see as the former investment banker shunned the media scrum and left the count with barely a word to reporters . Having been integral to the negotiations that led to the formation of the coalition government in 2010 , he had been \" hoping and expecting \" to do the same again . Instead , he went home to sleep . His new job for Centre Forum , a liberal policy think-tank , will take up two days a week but he hopes to have a full-time plan by the end of the summer . \" I 've already got one role as chairman which I 'm very pleased about as it will allow me to take forward my interest in education and education policy , and I 've been talking to other people about other work I may do next ,\" he said . But that plan will not include standing for election again . \" I 'd already got the view that serving four terms in parliament , had I been re-elected in May this year , would have been about the right amount of time to do ,\" he said . \" I do n't think that MPs should go on forever and I think it 's not therefore likely that I would stand again as a member of parliament . \" Despite the loss of the Yeovil seat to the Conservatives , he remains optimistic of the seat being recaptured by his party . \" In areas like Yeovil where we have had big and strong base at the local government level and a national presence for many years I would think that there 's every chance we can win back the Yeovil constituency at the next general election in 2020 and I 'll do everything I can to support our new candidate to become the next MP . \"", "One skeleton was found earlier this week , but now nine graves have been uncovered . The remains are in the process of being exhumed from underneath the area previously used as the venue 's mini conference room . They are thought to be from a Quaker burial ground that existed before the Royal Pavilion Estate was built . , chair of Brighton and Hove City Council 's tourism , development and culture committee said : \" The remains are now being carefully exhumed and will be examined to determine more about the deceased before being re-buried or cremated . \" He added the Royal Pavilion Estate site had \" so many strong historic links \" and the find is \" another important addition to the city 's rich cultural story \" . of Archaeology South-East , which is managing the dig on site , said : \" This is a significant find that shines a light on an important historical moment in the city . The Quaker meeting house and cemetery at the Dome is recorded on the 's map of 1803 and absent by the OS town plan of 1876 . \" The best clue as to when worship and burial ceased is when the Quaker meeting house moved to the current location on Meeting House Lane in 1805 . \" A spokesperson for Brighton Quakers said they were \" excited \" with the news \" We have known for a long time about the burial ground being used from 1700 to 1805 but did not know that any Quakers were left buried there . \" The work at the Corn Exchange is part of a project to restore the Royal Pavilion Estate buildings and gardens . It is expected to finish by the end of 2018 .", "Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar , , am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth . fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym . Mae chwech o griwiau t\u00e2n o'r Rhyl , Prestatyn , Bae Colwyn ac Abergele yn bresennol . Mewn datganiad dywedodd : \" Ry'n ni'n gofyn i'r cyhoedd osgoi'r ardal os oedd modd . \" Mae nifer o adeiladau yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle . \" Mae disgwyl i'r gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa . \"", "Homeowners hit by the flooding in December can apply for up to \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 from the government 's Future Flood Prevention Funding scheme . Figures seen by the BBC show that only 13 people have applied for the money . , Labour MP for York Central , said she had received complaints about accessing the fund . \" The form filling is incredibly complicated and that 's where people have been struggling ,\" she said . \" It 's putting off a lot on people . \" Hundreds of homes and businesses were flooded in the city after the Rivers Foss and Ouse burst their banks . The scheme is administered by City of York Council and requires a survey to be carried out on the flooded property before funding can be applied for . The council said that 360 private homes were eligible for the grant . The authority added : \" We very much welcome grant applications but know that this can take time while people wait for quotes and loss adjustor reports . \" We 're appointing a case worker to help residents and businesses through the application process . \"", "was one of 21 women heading to Liverpool when their minibus was hit by a lorry on the M62 . Her friend , 18 , was killed while Ms and several others were badly hurt . Minibus driver was jailed for more than six years for causing 's death , in April 2013 . , who broke her shoulder , back and pelvis , said the help she received from a charity while in hospital led her to want to support others . Speaking publicly for the first time about the crash , Ms described how everyone was \" excited and giddy \" for the hen party . \" To me the impact was just a massive explosion ,\" she said . \" I thought the bus had blown up . \" I remember the bus dropping on its side . The next thing , I woke up on the roadside so I 'd actually come out of the window . \" Ms was taken to Leeds General Infirmary where she , along with 's sister , underwent major surgery and spent time in intensive care . Whilst she was there she got support from charity Day One , which helps victims of major trauma . She said : \" It 's absolutely fantastic . \" It supports people by giving benefit advice , legal advice and peer support such as me and , who have been in similar situations and who are now helping other people who 've suffered from major trauma . \" Ms said the crash had made her realise how lucky she had been . \" Beth ca n't complain , she 's not here ,\" she added . \" We just have to be grateful for what we 've got . \"", "The detentions come less than a week before a visit to Cuba by Pope . Most of the activists were members of the predominantly Catholic dissident group , Ladies in White . They walked through the streets of Havana holding up pictures of political prisoners , before they were rounded up by police . According to Cuba 's main dissident website , , members of Ladies in White and activists from other opposition groups were handcuffed and pushed into police cars and buses on Sunday afternoon . A number of them were released hours later , it said . Cuba says the protesters are financed by right-wing American groups to destabilise the government . Cuban dissidents are planning to protest during the 's visit to the island , which begins on Saturday . They have accused the Cuban Catholic Church of becoming too cosy with the government of and failing to speak out against human rights abuses . \" The Church should be concerned about this or any time human rights are involved . It 's their duty ,\" said , head of leading dissident group Patriotic Union of Cuba . He told the Reuters news agency he was handcuffed and taken to a police station after Sunday 's protest . Police later dropped him off at a bus terminal , he said . The Cuban Catholic Church says it defends the respect of human rights but cannot take up individual political causes . Pope played a key role in facilitating the historic negotiations between Cuba and the United States , which led to diplomatic relations being restored after more than five decades of hostilities . Senior Cuban and American officials met in secrets for months at the Vatican before Presidents and surprised the world last December by announcing they had agreed to mend relations .", "Just over 46,000 vehicles were registered north of the border - a year-on-year increase of more than 2.7 % . However , UK sales increased by 5.3 % to almost 519,000 - the strongest month recorded since 1999 . March is typically the biggest month , accounting for about a fifth of the year 's car registrations . Last month saw Vauxhall retain its position as market leader in Scotland , with more than 10,000 units sold . The Vauxhall Corsa remained the most popular new car , while the Ford Fiesta had a strong month and moved into the number two spot for the year to date . The figures were compiled by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders . Top Scottish sellers in March 1. Vauxhall Corsa 2,575 2. Ford Fiesta 1,772 3. Vauxhall Astra 1,249 4. Ford Focus 1,126 5. Volkswagen Polo 1,077 Source : SMMT Scottish Motor Trade Association chief executive said : \" All areas have experienced growth with the exception of Dumfries and Galloway and Strathclyde . \" The reductions however are minimal and with the fantastic growth on 2015 numbers elsewhere , we have come out of this critical sales period well ahead for the year to date . \" We have been aware of some dealers who were experiencing new vehicle delivery issues towards the end of the month , and this may well have had a small but noticeable negative effect . \" The rest of the UK continues to show stronger growth but as we have mentioned previously this may not all be down to sales with specific manufacturers and dealers taking tactical decisions on registrations . \"", "Six incidents have been reported to police between 3 and 13 February . In all the cases , two or three men have targeted foreign national tourists in an attempt to steal money - succeeding on two occasions . The men , who are described as southern European , claimed to be police officers before demanding to search the victims . Police Scotland said the first incident took place at about 13:20 on 3 February in the Grassmarket , when a Chilean man was approached by a man who asked him to take his photograph . The pair were then approached by two suspects who claimed to be police officers and then demanded to search them . The two police impersonators then got into a silver or grey Seat hatchback and drove away and the other man walked into the Grassmarket . Officers said the Chilean man later realised a three-figure sum of money had been stolen from him . On 13 February , two Chinese tourists lost a four-figure sum of cash when they were targeted in a similar scam on Market Street . They were approached by two men who showed them ID and said they were undercover police officers . Other incidents happened in Chambers Street , Castle Street , and in the Calton Hill area . There was one incident on 3 February , one on 11 February and four on 13 February . Sgt , of Police Scotland , said : \" These men are purposely targeting tourists who are visiting the city centre in a bid to steal money from them . \" Impersonating a police officer is not only inappropriate , it is illegal . We would advise that if you are stopped by someone claiming to be a Police Scotland officer , request their collar number and ask to see a warrant card . \" All our officers are happy to provide this information to the public and it should be offered readily . \"", "\" CETA is done and we will not reopen it ,\" said EU Trade Commissioner . was speaking as EU trade ministers met in Slovakia to discuss CETA and a similar deal with the US , TTIP , which has also faced criticism . A draft CETA deal has been agreed , but parliaments could still delay it . Thousands of activists protested against CETA and TTIP in Germany on Saturday and thousands more in Brussels - outside the EU 's headquarters - on Tuesday . Activists fear that the deals could water down European standards in the key areas of workers' rights , public health and the environment . There is also great anxiety about proposed special courts where investors will be able to sue governments if they feel that legislation hurts their business unfairly . Critics say the mere existence of such courts - an alternative to national courts - will have a \" chilling \" effect on policymakers , leading to slacker regulation on the environment and welfare . Would CETA be a good model for the UK ? European Parliament briefing on CETA TTIP : The EU-US trade deal explained Are US-Europe TTIP trade talks tanking ? Ms said CETA would dominate Friday 's meeting in Bratislava . The Commission hopes the deal can be signed with Canada at the end of October , so that it can then go to the European Parliament for ratification . But it will also need to be ratified by national parliaments across the EU . \" What we are discussing with the Canadians is if we should make some clarifications , a declaration so that we can cover some of those concerns ,\" Ms said . She acknowledged fears in some countries that politicians might see their \" the right to regulate \" diluted . \" Maybe that [ right ] needs to be even clearer in a declaration ,\" she said , admitting that the CETA negotiations were still \" difficult \" . , an Austrian Socialist MEP , said the EU 's top court - the European Court of Justice - must first examine the proposed Investment Court System ( ICS ) to check its legality . CETA holds \" great risks \" for Europe , she warned , adding that some of her fellow MEPs thought likewise . German Vice-Chancellor and Economy Minister called CETA \" a model for future deals \" . But he was pessimistic about TTIP . \" The Americans were not prepared to make Europe offers that Canada made , and so there will definitely not be a [ TTIP ] deal this year ,\" he said . Supporters of CETA and TTIP say such deals could set global trade standards , warning that failure could mean China setting the standards . CETA and TTIP promise to remove tariffs and non-tariff barriers , boosting growth on both sides of the Atlantic , free trade advocates say .", "Media playback is unsupported on your device 21 October 2014 Last updated at 21:36 BST made 24 galleons from chocolate , with Maltesers doubling up as replica cannon balls . The creations will mark the 209th anniversary of the battle during the Napoleonic Wars . The ships will be paraded through the dining hall of HMS Nelson in Portsmouth at the Trafalgar Day dinner .", ", 66 , collapsed at his home in Oakham , Rutland , and was given resuscitation by his partner , . Paramedics used a defibrillator to shock Mr to restore his normal heart rhythm for almost an hour . East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) said only about 8 % of patients survived a cardiac arrest outside hospital . , of EMAS , said : \" 's case is extremely rare . His heart muscle was very unstable , which lead to a repeated cardiac arrest meaning the crew had to shock him 17 times . \" Mr said : \" It 's an astonishing thing to tip over the edge and be hauled back again . \" What they did for me might of just been part of their day job but they worked so hard to keep me going . I will forever be grateful . \"", "The 23 year-old stroked the GB boat to a fast start and they were ahead after 500m but European champions , Romania and New Zealand proved too strong . The Romanians came out on top , with the British eight comfortably holding off the challenge from the Netherlands The GB eight now prepare for the World Championships in Sarasota in September . There was no medal success for Enniskillen 's in the women 's quadruple sculls . and her GB team mates , and , were always off the pace and finished fifth in a race won by Poland .", "Eight-year-old , who makes the trip to Sainsbury 's in Ely in Cambridgeshire on a daily basis , has his own Facebook page created by fans . Owner posted a message asking shoppers to lay off the treats as a vet found , who weighs 6.6kg ( one stone ) , was overweight . \" Everyone loves him ,\" Mr said . \" The other day when it was cold and he stayed indoors , a member of Sainsbury 's staff messaged me to ask where he was , which was very sweet . \" He brings more customers into the shop - people tell me they go and shop there just to see him . \" 's Facebook page was set up last summer by a couple who had spotted him in the shop , and is now run by Mr . \" We worry about him crossing the road , but we do n't really get any negative comments about his habits ,\" he said . \" We live about a four-minute walk away from Sainsbury 's but knows all the shortcuts so can get there quicker than that . \"", "gave the Bantams the lead with style early on as he curled home from 20 yards into the bottom corner . The fought back and forced Bradford goalkeeper into a fine save with a fierce effort from long-range . The hosts almost restored parity when volleyed against the crossbar but held on .", ", from the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , said the vehicles would instead be given to a police anti-hijack unit . However , he will continue to use the luxury car used by the previous mayor . The DA took control of Tshwane , a metropolitan area including the capital Pretoria , from the African National Congress ( ANC ) in local elections . Mr said no more luxury cars would be bought under his leadership . He took over from the governing ANC , which lost control of the capital for the first time since 1994 , last month . More on this and other African stories Four things from South Africa election The ANC bought 10 new BMW 3 series vehicles , which are yet to be delivered , for 5 million rand ($ 356,000 ; \u00a3 266,000 ) , local reports say . The cars were meant for members of the mayoral council , with the ANC said to be confident it would retain control of the municipality in the elections . He will still use a BMW 5 series car he inherited from the previous mayor , reports the IOL website . Mr 's spokesman told the BBC that this vehicle could not \" be dispensed with because it 's been bought and paid for already and treasury regulations prohibit that \" . He added : \" But , as soon as he can replace it , he will , with a sensible , low-cost vehicle \" . Mr says the DA-led coalition government wanted to embark on cost-cutting measures . He said in a statement : \" No new luxury cars will be bought or leased for politicians \u201a and if vehicles currently owned by Tshwane require replacement \u201a sensible and low-cost vehicles will be procured . \" I will not allow public money to be spent on luxury cars \u201a while our people struggle for services \u201a houses and jobs . \" A Hyundai i20 or Toyota Corolla can do the same job for a politician as an expensive sedan . \" The ANC national government has been criticised for wasteful expenditure , so South Africans will be closely watching what the opposition do differently in the key urban areas they won in the August elections , says the BBC 's in Johannesburg . South Africans will be keen to see if the opposition , which has until now only run one province , will be able to make good on its ambitious election promises , our correspondent says .", "The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon on Tuesday . There had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme . But Unite regional officer said : \" We had productive talks and we were given guarantees that all current agreements will be honoured . \" Unite said it understood that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed in 2004 and that its members presently have an alternative pension scheme which is unaffected the takeover . The Boparan Private Office , the \" chicken king \" Mr 's private investment , confirmed that the current pension arrangements with would continue under the new ownership . Mr met with representatives from Boparan at the Great Witchingham headquarters . He said : \" It was made clear that the new owner wishes to restore to its former position as a highly profitable business . \" This would be achieved by greater investment in the business , cost savings and utilising the present spare capacity at Bernard Matthews to process chicken and not just turkeys . \"", "The man , named by state media as , 34 , from central Shandong province , was injured and taken to hospital . No-one else was hurt in the blast , which filled part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke . An online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at his ill-treatment by Chinese police . The blog suggests his lower body was paralyzed after he was alleged to have been heavily beaten by security agents in southern China in 2005 . Mr , who is alleged to have been operating an unlicensed motorbike taxi service , was also apparently dissatisfied with the way his complaints against the authorities had been dealt with . State news agency Xinhua said he detonated the device - a package of gunpowder taken from fireworks - after being prevented from distributing leaflets . Photos posted on China 's Weibo microblogging site showed a dark-haired man waving a white package in the air before the explosion . Later images from the airport showed the wheelchair on its side with officials treating him on the floor . Smoke drifted through the terminal after the blast , which occurred shortly before 18:30 ( 10:30 GMT ) near one of the arrival gates . Xinhua showed several medical workers providing emergency treatment , with police officers also at the scene . Officials say order has been restored at the airport and there is no disruption to flights .", "The tanker hit the central reservation halfway between junction 32 for Coryton and junction 33 , Cardiff West , at about 17:45 GMT on Monday . The westbound carriageway was closed from junction 30 , Cardiff Gate , and one lane was also closed eastbound . One person has been taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant . Their condition was not known . The Welsh Ambulance Service said other people involved in the crash were not injured . There were long queues in both directions following the crash , but traffic has since eased . Diversions remain in place . South Wales Police advised motorists to avoid the area for the rest of the night . The Welsh Ambulance Service sent two rapid response vehicles , one ambulance and a doctor but an air ambulance could not be sent due to the weather conditions . Two fire engines and one rescue tender from South Wales Fire and Rescue Service remained at the scene late on Monday evening to assist police . Check if this is affecting your journey", "The facility , based on the town 's Crichton estate , is due to open in the next 12 months . The centre will be used primarily to research ways to improve responses to weather-related emergencies such as flooding . A report to the council 's policy and resources committee will give a full update on progress to date . Initially the facility will have up to six staff . Last month , the Scottish government gave assurances that plans to develop the centre remained on track . It followed concerns from Dumfriesshire Labour MSP about the pace of progress on the project , since it was first announced in August last year . A report to the council says it is essential the renewed impetus is maintained . To that end working groups are being set up , and council and government officials are exploring the best location and office arrangements for the centre .", "The Windsor attraction has been busy during half term . One visitor told the BBC his family queued for more than two hours as they tried to leave the park . Legoland said it had spent more than \u00c2 \u00a3 10,000 in the last year developing alternative entrance and exit routes . Windsor and Maidenhead Borough Council said road signs had been altered recently to prevent traffic travelling through the centre of Windsor . \" The problem is Legoland is very popular ,\" said councillor , cabinet member for transport . \" I 'll be working very closely with the park to ensure the system we 've developed is working . We want to support them as it does bring a lot of employment and business to the area . \" , from Croydon , took his two children to the park on Wednesday . \" We left at 6pm when the park closed and were ready to go 10 minutes later ,\" he said . \" But , we did n't get through the car park barriers to scan our exit pass until well after eight o'clock . \" It was then another 30 minutes before we hit the main roads . \" Legoland said it had worked incredibly hard with the council over recent years on traffic management and would continue to do so . \" We understand a delayed exit from the car park would be frustrating ,\" a spokesman said . \" We have employed a number of additional staff to help and provided guests with instructions to turn right out of the park to utilise the new routes . \"", "Acorn Park Care Home in East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire , was warned it must make a \" significant improvement \" . If not , it could face having its registration cancelled . The privately-run home was served with a formal improvement notice by the Care Inspectorate and given until next month to make changes . Seven areas of concern were listed after an inspection , with nutrition and hydration , personal plans for service users , environmental safety , staffing and administration of drugs all being criticised . A spokesman for the Care Inspectorate said : \" Everyone in Scotland has the right to safe , compassionate care which meets their needs and respects their rights . \" Where we have concerns , we do not hesitate to take action . \" Our first priority is always the safety and well-being of residents and this improvement notice sets out what we expect the service to do to ensure that the care provided to residents improves . \" We will be inspecting this service again soon to ensure that progress is being made . \" An Acorn Park spokesman said : \" We are working hard with the Care Inspectorate to meet their requirements within the timescales set . \"", "Thieves broke into the house in Intake , Doncaster on Thursday , a week after 's 11th birthday . In the letter , she tells the burglars \" how much they hurt me \" , that she cries for two hours each night , and they had made her \" scared of the dark again \" . Paris wrote the letter after speaking to BBC Radio Sheffield . More on this and other stories from BBC South Yorkshire said the letter helped her daughter tell the thieves \" how she feels , and how it 's affected her . \" She said : \" I really am super proud of her . \" Paris' new iPhone , a laptop she got for Christmas , and birthday money was taken from her bedroom , as well as her grandmother 's gold watch . Cash , jewellery and other items were taken in the robbery , along with and her younger brother belongings . said Paris was too upset to sleep in her bedroom after seeing it ransacked . Lego models were broken and photos taken on phone during a recent trip to Disneyland may have been lost forever . Paris wrote : \" To my burgler [ sic ] . I hope you are happy with yourself , I can no longer sleep in my own bed [...] \" Why could you not have left when you saw to [ sic ] picture of a happy family and when you saw my birthday card , but anyway thank you for scaring me so much I cry 2 hours straight nearly every night . \" Ms called the thieves \" despicable human beings \" but said the community had rallied round . PC of South Yorkshire Police said : \" Burglary is a highly intrusive crime which can have a huge impact on the victim . In this case , a young girl has been left feeling scared and upset after her home was broken into . \" I would like to reassure Paris and her mum that we are doing everything we can to find the person responsible for this incident . \" It is totally unacceptable that someone should feel scared in their own home and lose valuable possessions . \"", "The 16-year-old boy was arrested at his home in the borough of Lewisham on suspicion of affray at intu Bromley . He was treated in hospital for a minor wound before being taken into custody . A second 16-year-old boy arrested at the scene on Saturday on suspicion of affray and possession of a weapon remains in custody . Scotland Yard originally said the first person arrested had suffered a minor head injury during the incident and \" was believed to be in his 20s \" . The force later issued another statement putting his age at 16 . \" At this stage officers believe he sustained the injury as a result of an altercation between a number of youths ,\" it added . Police , who were called at 15:45 GMT on Saturday to reports of an injured youth , say they recovered two knives . A photograph taken by a member of the public appeared to show that a machete had been found . Video filmed at the scene also appeared to show shoppers fleeing in panic .", "Media playback is not supported on this device , 39 , has not played since leaving Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact in November . He will start out as a player but has also joined Phoenix 's \" MLS expansion franchise ownership group \" . \" To own a team and be a player at the same time is unusual but it 's going to be very exciting ,\" said . \" It 's a good transition because I want to carry on playing but I 'm almost 40 and it 's important for me to prepare for my later career . \" Phoenix have just started their fourth season in the Western Conference of USL , which forms part of the second tier of the American league system . The Arizona club hope to become one of four planned expansion teams in MLS over the next three years . \" I had offers from China , from England - in both the Premier League and even the Championship - but they were only as a player ,\" told The Premier League Show . \" This was the right offer because it was important for me to think about playing , because I enjoy it , but also to get to the next stage of my career . \" scored 157 goals in 341 appearances during his first spell at Chelsea from 2004 to 2012 , winning three Premier League titles and the Champions League . Following moves to Shanghai Shenhua in China and Turkish side Galatasaray , returned to the Blues for the 2014-15 season , scoring seven goals in 40 appearances , helping 's side to the title , before 18 months with Montreal . He joins former Chelsea team-mate at Phoenix , who have one win and two defeats from three games this season . \" I 'm still a player but it 's important to respect the decision of the manager ,\" added , who is Ivory Coast 's record goalscorer . \" When we 're on the pitch , he 's going to be the one who decides and when we go to board meetings , it 's a different thing . \" Watch the full interview with in The Premier League show on BBC Two on Thursday , 13 April ( 22:00 BST ) .", "Media playback is not supported on this device , 30 , hinted at retirement after narrowly losing her heptathlon title to 21-year-old Belgian in a thrilling contest in Rio . told the BBC she should \" take two or three months and work out exactly what you do want to do \" . \" When she takes that time and makes that decision we 'll move from there . \" Next year the World Championships come to London , where won Olympic gold four years ago , but after missing out on retaining her title by 35 points , the Sheffield athlete would not commit to continuing . \" It 's going to be a tough decision , I 'm going to go away and think about it ,\" she said . \" At this moment , I 'm tired and emotional - it 's a big decision . \" has coached since she was 13 , helping her become world champion in 2009 , Olympic champion in London three years later , and then take gold at the 2015 World Championships just 14 months after she gave birth to her son . The Sheffield-born coach said it might be time for him to \" be selfish \" , should retire . \" She clearly wo n't do another Olympic Games in 2020 . If there are opportunities coming up , I need to start having a look at that as a career going forwards ,\" he continued . \" It will be a bit of a decision I have to make for myself so maybe it 's time for me to be a bit selfish and make some choices for me . \" said that he counted 's silver in Rio as a \" better performance \" than her gold at London 2012 , but he had \" mixed emotions \" after the event . \" If you look at the progress she 's made , having missed two years of heptathlon competition to come back , the progress she 's made is pretty remarkable ,\" he added .", "The 28-year-old 's nine-year-old daughter was also threatened by a member of the gang , who had a knife . The burglary happened at their home in the Turf Hill area at about 05:30 BST on Wednesday , Greater Manchester Police said . The three balaclava-wearing men stole cash , jewellery and a mobile phone before fleeing . The offender carrying the gun , said to be a small silver metal handgun , was described as Asian , slim and aged between 20 and 30 . The man with the knife was black , between 30 and 40 , of a medium build and with bloodshot eyes . It is believed they were met by three other men outside the property . Police are now appealing for anyone with information to contact them . said : \" This gang targeted a mum and her young daughter , even stooping as low as to hold a gun to the head of a woman who was clearly heavily pregnant and absolutely terrified . \" Thankfully they were not physically injured and the unborn baby not harmed but the emotional trauma they have suffered is immeasurable . \"", "Kelso , Galashiels , Peebles , Hawick , Selkirk and Eyemouth saw increases but numbers fell in Duns and Jedburgh . Figures in Melrose also rose sharply compared with 2014 but exceptionally low levels were recorded that year due to \" atrocious weather \" . Councillor said it was \" pleasing \" to see numbers rising . A survey has been carried out across the region since 2007 . The latest figures were collected during September and October 2015 with the rise in the region higher than the Scottish average of 2 % . Last year numbers fell by 11 % but this was largely blamed on the very low levels recorded in Melrose . Mr said : \" These figures are only ever going to give us a snapshot of a short period of time and can fluctuate depending on weather , however it is pleasing to see that overall average footfall has increased and the figures for several towns are particularly encouraging . \" We need to build on these increases in footfall and the council , partner and community organisations and businesses can all play their part in that , making our town centres as attractive as possible to local shoppers and visitors to the Borders . \" This study started in 2007 and has in effect charted the impact of the recession and increase in internet shopping on our town centres , which largely accounts for the 23 % reduction in footfall over that period . \" He said the issues were not unique to the Borders and would remain challenges in the longer term .", "Almost completely cut off for centuries , it has tried to let in some aspects of the outside world while fiercely guarding its ancient traditions . The Bhutanese name for Bhutan , , means \" Land of the Thunder Dragon \" and it only began to open up to outsiders in the 1970s . The hereditary monarchy has wielded power since 1907 . But Bhutan became a two-party parliamentary democracy after elections in March 2008 . Population 750,000 Area 38,364 sq km ( 14,812 sq miles ) Major language Dzongkha Major religions Buddhism ( official ) , Hinduism Life expectancy 66 years ( men ) , 70 years ( women ) Currency ngultrum Head of state : King succeeded his father , , in December 2006 after the former monarch announced his abdication . His predecessor had already given up some of his absolute powers in 1998 and ruled in conjunction with the government , an assembly and a royal advisory council . Prime Minister : was elected Bhutan 's second prime minister in July 2013 , succeeding . He is president of the People 's Democratic Party . He was leader of the opposition in the National Assembly from March 2008 to April 2013 . He has projected himself as a reformer , rejecting official limousine and prime ministerial accommodation . Television did not come to Bhutan until 1999 . For years , the country cut itself off , fearing that outside influences would undermine its monarchy and culture . Radio broadcasting began in 1973 and the internet arrived in 1999 . Some key dates in the history of Bhutan : 1720 - Chinese imperial army invades and temporarily establishes control over Bhutan . 1772-73 - British intervention . 1864-65 - Further intervention by Britain . 1907 - is chosen as hereditary ruler . 1910 - Treaty giving Britain control over foreign relations . 1949 - Treaty signed with newly-independent India guaranteeing non-interference in Bhutan 's internal affairs , but allowing Delhi influence over foreign relations . 1958 - Slavery abolished . 1974 - First foreign tourists allowed in . 1990 - Thousands of Hindus flee to Nepal following clashes . 1998 - King cedes some powers to national assembly .", "The 47-year-old , who presently coaches Stirling University 's Lowland League men 's side , will take over from Finland-bound in June . And believes can take Scotland to greater success . \" She could take any men 's team in Scotland in my opinion , she is that good a coach ,\" told BBC Scotland . \" 's done fantastic , has learned off her and now she can hand it over and can continue and make the team stronger and better . \" The squad is the strongest it 's been and I think will take them even further than . \" , who is sidelined at present with a knee injury , is a former team-mate of 's with Scotland and Hibernian , where the latter was also a coach . \" It 's a great appointment ,\" said the Motherwell forward . \" I was fortunate enough to play with and be coached by . \" She 's great in the changing room , she 's a great personality , one of the best coaches I 've ever been under , so it 's great for the game . \" She knows all the players personally and as players that makes a massive difference . \" It 's really important that we now have a Scottish coach and deserves it because she came up through the ranks as a player and she is also a great role model because she had a child on the way - actually plays for my team now at Motherwell . \" became the first-ever female head coach in senior British football when , three years ago , she took charge of Stirling University in the Lowland League , the new feeder league for the Scottish Professional Football League . \" She is just a great role model to have in the Scottish game , she 's been involved in the men 's game , which a fantastic step for her , and if anyone deserves the role now , it is definitely ,\" added . not only led Stirling University , who currently sit fourth in the league table , to a British Universities Championship final , she also completed a MSc in sports management . In a university statement , the former Arsenal Ladies manager said : \" I have no doubt the academic education I received will be of great benefit in my new role as well as in the future and beyond . \" Stirling University director of sport paid tribute to , who will remain in charge until the end of their season . \" During 's tenure , the University of Stirling has established its position at the top of British university football and the Scottish non-league game ,\" she said .", ", 28 , is their fourth signing of the summer after , and . \" has been on our radar for several years and we actually tried to bring him to the club four years ago ,\" chief executive said . Stoke open their Premier League season with a trip to Everton on Saturday . , who has also played for Hamburg and Mainz , has made 200 Bundesliga appearances and played in the Champions League with Schalke . A former Germany youth international , he switched international allegiance to Cameroon in 2010 . He represented the Indomitable Lions at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and has won 48 caps , scoring 13 goals . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The SNP 's won the Ayr East ward after the vote on Thursday . Turnout for the by-election was 34.4 % , with 4,006 votes cast out of an electorate of 11,638 . The by-election was called following the resignation of , who was elected as SNP MP for Ayr , and Cumnock earlier this year .", "The seven men had been given six-year jail sentences after an earthquake devastated the medieval town of L'Aquila in 2009 , killing 309 people . The verdict triggered alarm , with some saying that science itself had been put on trial . On Monday an appeals court cleared the group of the manslaughter charges . Judge ruled that there was no case to answer . \" The credibility of Italy 's entire scientific community has been restored ,\" said , the president of the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology . The seven men - all leading scientists or disaster experts - had been members of a committee convened in L'Aquila in March 2009 following a series of tremors in the region . Days after they met , a 6.3 magnitude quake struck the town in the middle of the night . Many of L'Aquila's medieval buildings were destroyed , and some locals blamed the disaster committee for not providing adequate advice . Prosecutors in the subsequent trial said the experts had offered falsely reassuring information to residents . According to Reuters , they noted that one committee member had said there was \" no danger \" from the tremors . Following the guilty verdicts , more than 5,000 scientists signed an open letter to Italian President in support of the experts . Many argued that the convictions represented a fundamental misunderstanding of earthquake science . Monday 's decision to overturn the verdicts came after a month-long appeal process . The prosecution can still seek to have the original verdicts reinstated via a higher court .", "US experts found B3 , also known as nicotinamide , boosts the ability of immune cells to kill Staphylococcus bacteria . B3 increases the numbers and efficacy of neutrophils , white blood cells that can kill and eat harmful bugs . The study , in the Journal of Clinical Investigation , could lead to a \" major change in treatment \" , a UK expert said . B3 was tested on Staphylococcal infections , such as the potentially fatal MRSA ( Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) . Such infections are found in hospitals and nursing homes , but are also on the rise in prisons , the military and among athletes . The scientists used extremely high doses of B3 - far higher than that obtained from dietary sources - in their tests , carried out both on animals and on human blood . And the researchers say there is as yet no evidence that dietary B3 or supplements could prevent or treat bacterial infections . The researchers say B3 appears to be able to \" turn on \" certain antimicrobial genes , boosting the immune cells' killing power . Prof , of Oregon State University 's Linus Pauling Institute , who worked on the research , said : \" This is potentially very significant , although we still need to do human studies . \" Antibiotics are wonder drugs , but they face increasing problems with resistance by various types of bacteria , especially Staphylococcus aureus . \" This could give us a new way to treat Staph infections that can be deadly , and might be used in combination with current antibiotics . \" It 's a way to tap into the power of the innate immune system and stimulate it to provide a more powerful and natural immune response . \" Prof , of the University of Bath , said : \" Neutrophils are really the front line against infections in the blood and the use of nicotinamide seems safe at this dose to use in patients as it is already licensed for use . \" This could cause a major change in treatment for infections alongside conventional antibiotics to help bolster patients immune system . \" I would like to see in patient clinical trials but cannot see why this could n't be used straight away in infected patients . \"", "The review into 22 abuse cases in Northern Ireland criticised the authorities for not doing enough . The young people went missing a number of times over a 20-month period while being looked after in the care system . The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) said it has recently made policy changes aimed at keeping children safe . In September 2013 , the PSNI said it had begun a major investigation into the sexual exploitation of children and young people who had gone missing from care in Northern Ireland . Officers said they had identified 22 people , aged between 13 and 18 , who may have been sexually exploited . The PSNI investigation was known was Operation Owl . Thursday 's report , examining the PSNI response , has been published by the Safeguarding Board for Northern Ireland . It said PSNI officers were effective in locating the teenagers and returning them to the care system . However , it found that they failed to properly examine the extent of the child sexual exploitation taking place and their attempts to find and stop the abusers was - in the words of the review - \" limited and inconsistent \" . While there is praise for the help offered by some staff from residential care homes , Stormont 's Health Minister said that the report shows not enough support was given to protect the teenagers from harm or the risk of harm . He said the review had identified \" a significant gap \" in knowledge about perpetrators of child sexual exploitation . The head of the PSNI 's Public Protection Branch , Det Ch Supt said that following Operation Owl , the PSNI has \" implemented a number of changes in our approach to handling this issue to ensure we are doing everything we can to keep children and young people safe \" . \" Indeed , in April of this year , the PSNI formed the Public Protection Branch which is now responsible for policy and practice in relation to a number of areas including child sexual exploitation . \" The new structures enable us to work closely with our partner agencies in a much more cohesive way than before to ensure better protection and safeguarding for children and young people . \" The office said the PSNI has also revised its Missing Persons Protocol , a joint policy with the health and social care authorities . \" This protocol is designed to support effective collaborative safeguarding responses by the PSNI and social services in respect of children who run away or go missing from their homes or care placements and builds upon developments in our knowledge and experience ,\" Mr added . Last year , a separate review into the issue concluded that sexual exploitation was a growing threat to young people in Northern Ireland . That report also said that some abusers were thought to have links to paramilitary groups .", "A judge is considering whether to charge the star over the incident , which was filmed and went viral . He will spend the night in detention and investigations will continue on Wednesday , a BBC reporter says . has denied assault , though he has since apologised for his behaviour . The Kenyan authorities deported the 60-year-old rumba singer and three of his dancers on Saturday to DR Congo 's capital , Kinshasa , following a public outcry over the incident . The BBC 's in Kinshasa says police officers arrived at the singer 's home early on Tuesday morning and took him into custody . He was handcuffed , put into a police car and then taken to a court where a judge is considering whether he should be put on trial . His lawyer , , told the BBC that , one of Africa 's most popular musicians , should not be detained overnight as he was not a flight risk . However , left the courthouse under police escort and will spend the night at the police station , our reporter says . The Congolese musician has been in similar trouble in the past :", ", and were last seen at HMP Leyhill at about 16:45 GMT on Sunday . Avon and Somerset Police has appealed for anyone who sees them , or knows of their whereabouts , to make contact . HMP Leyhill in South Gloucestershire is the only minimum-security prison in the South West . was sentenced in 2006 for rape and robbery , was jailed in the same year for GBH , while was sentenced in 2001 for rape . Earlier , the police force suggested all three were convicted of rape but this information was later amended . A Prison Service spokesperson said : \" Public protection is our top priority . We take absconds from custody extremely seriously . We are working closely with the police and are urgently investigating this incident . \" According to Avon and Somerset Police : Leyhill , near Wotton-under-Edge , is a category D prison housing more than 500 inmates , including some on life sentences .", "\" I have to work with Ikea - make furniture for interior design , for architecture ,\" he told BBC Radio 1 . He said students would be particularly keen for him to create \" a minimalist apartment inside of a college dorm \" . \" Yo Ikea , allow to create , allow him to make this thing because you know what , I want a bed that he makes , I want a chair that he makes . \" West was pictured visiting Ikea 's head office in Almhult , south Sweden , earlier this year . He has previously collaborated with British fashion designer who has , in turn , created a series of textiles and tableware for Ikea . The company has so far declined to comment on a possible tie-in with , who has a sideline designing clothes and shoes . Its ethos of providing affordable goods would chime with 's ambition to make his own products more affordable . The star 's interview with also covered his headline set at the 2015 Glastonbury festival . He said a musical error at the beginning made him forget his lyrics , with knock-on effects for the rest of the set . \" It was incredible . I started off the show and I completely messed up the music . And me , as you can imagine by this phone call , I 'm a bit of a perfectionist . So it really put me into a slightly depressed state and it put me back in the position of when I was in high school and I got fired from my job . \" I do n't usually get nervous , I prepare , I get fully prepared . When that music messed up in the beginning it tapped into my nerves and when you 're nervous or vulnerable something special and something different can happen . \" And he discussed his political ambitions , after previously declaring he would run for president in 2020 . \" When I talk about the idea of being president , I 'm not saying I have any political views ,\" said the 39-year-old . \" I just have a view on humanity , on people , on the truth . \" We are numb , we 're numb to 500 kids getting killed in Chicago a year , we 're numb to the fact that it was seven police shootings in the beginning of July . \" If there is anything that I can do with my time and my day , to somehow make a difference while I 'm alive I 'm going to try to do it . \" You can hear the full interview from 19:00 BST on 's Radio 1 show . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "BAA said the problem had been caused by a hardware fault which saw the check-in desks and boarding screens fail for almost three hours . Edinburgh Airport said there was \" congestion \" as passengers had to be checked in manually from 07:30 . Flights were also delayed as passengers did not know which gates to go to . The problem was fixed at about 10:00 . A man at the airport told the BBC Scotland news website he was delayed at the airport for about an hour . He said : \" My flight did n't leave until 10am because the computers were down . There were queues at the check-in desks and people did n't know where to board their flights . \" There was massive disruption . \" A BAA spokesman said : \" We had a slight issue this morning with the network which meant that we lost some computer services . \" It did not cause any cancellations or any great delays , but it did cause some queuing in the check in area between 7am and 9am . \" Our team were on it and , following investigation , it was found to be a hardware fault that was sorted quickly . \" He added : \" We saw some flights delayed by about half an hour , and congestion in the check-in area which was cleared as soon as the fault was fixed . \"", "Police said the 14-year-old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment . He was later discharged from hospital and is recovering at home . The incident happened in Holywood , County Down , on Saturday . The PSNI said the tablets were \" as yet unidentified \" but warned of the \" potential dangers \" they posed . The 17-year-old , has been charged with possessing a Class A controlled drug with intent to supply ; possessing a Class B controlled drug with intent to supply ; possession of a Class A controlled drug ; possession of a Class B controlled drug and supplying a Class A controlled drug . He is due to appear at Newtownards Youth Court on 14 February .", "The move was announced by President , who earlier rejected UN calls for an independent inquiry . The clashes between Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims also displaced thousands of people . The UN welcomed the inquiry , saying it could make \" important contributions \" to restoring peace . Secretary-General 's spokesman said it could create a \" conducive environment for a more inclusive way forward to tackle the underlying causes of the violence , including the condition of the Muslim communities in Rakhine \" . What sparked the violence in June ? The rape and murder of a young Buddhist woman in Rakhine in May set off a chain of deadly religious clashes Why was a state of emergency declared ? To allow the military to take over administrative control of the region Who are the Rohingyas ? The UN describes them as a persecuted religious and linguistic minority from western Burma . The Burmese government says they are relatively recent migrants from the Indian sub-continent . Bangladesh already hosts several hundred thousand refugees from Burma and says it cannot take any more Q & A : Rakhine unrest Rohingyas recount terror Burma profile A statement on 's website said on Friday the 27-member commission would include representatives from different political parties and also religious organisations . It said the commission would submit its findings next month . The violence in Rakhine state began in late May when a Buddhist woman was raped and murdered by three Muslims . A mob later killed 10 Muslims in retaliation , though they were unconnected with the earlier incident . Sectarian clashes spread across the state , with houses of both Buddhists and Muslims being burnt down . The UNHCR has said that about 80,000 people have been displaced in and around the Sittwe and Maungdaw by the violence . There is long-standing tension between Rakhine people , who are Buddhist and make up the majority of the state 's population , and Muslims . Most of these Muslims identify themselves as Rohingya , a group that originated in part of Bengal , now called Bangladesh .", "The University of Essex study of 712 Italian-American mafia members in the 1960s showed their income had risen by 7.5-8.5 % per extra year of education . Those involved in complex crimes such as charging exorbitant rates for loans or extortion saw three times the boost of those who committed violent crimes . But , on average , the 712 left education a year earlier than other white men of a similar age in their neighbourhoods . \" Criminal careers are known to start very early and are likely to be interwoven with schooling choices ,\" the study says . Lead researcher said education tended to have a protective effect against getting involved with crime , but he added : \" It is also true that if you decide to be a criminal it 's better to be a better-educated one . \" The study says : \" Private returns to education exist not only in legitimate but also in the illegitimate activities that imply a sufficient degree of complexity ,\" \" Mobster returns ( in terms of income ) to a year of schooling are around 7.5 to 8.5 % , compared to 9-10 % for the neighbour sample . \" Moreover , for mobsters who , according to the Federal Bureau of Narcotics records , were involved in white-collar crimes that require running an illegal business ( ie racketeering , loan sharking , bootlegging et cetera ) we found returns to education that are about three times as large as for those who are involved in violent crimes ( ie robberies , murders et cetera ).\"", "Wigan have paid \" in excess of \u00a3 200,000 \" for Tomkins , who they sold to New Zealand Warriors for a reported world record fee of about \u00a3 700,000 in 2013 . , 26 , will return for the 2016 Super League season . \" I am really happy to have this sorted and to be returning home to Wigan ,\" he told the club 's website . \" All of my friends and family live in Wigan , a lot of them play for Wigan . It really was a no-brainer for me . \" It 's been a fantastic experience to test myself in the NRL but the reality is I am 13,000 miles away from my friends and family . \" Wigan chairman added on BBC Radio Manchester : \" He 's back at Wigan which is where he is meant to be . \" The Super League club had first refusal on , who leaves New Zealand with a year remaining on the three-year deal he initially signed . The move reunites with his two brothers - forward , 28 , and hooker , 22 - who have both been regulars in the Wigan team this season . links up again with head coach whom he is very close to - the 50-year-old coached him during in the youth age groups at the Warriors and they kept in regular contact when he moved to Auckland . As well as being linked with a move to rugby union , after he played a one-off match in the 15-man code for the Barbarians against Australia in 2013 , Salford owner said they would consider an offer for him . Media playback is not supported on this device After scoring five tries on his first-team debut as a 19-year-old in 2008 , was a prolific scorer for the Warriors , scoring 144 tries in 152 appearances . He won a domestic double of the Challenge Cup and Grand Final in 2013 . had an encouraging first season in the NRL and was in the top 15 players for tries , try assists and tackle breaks but has featured just twice this campaign because of a knee injury .", "was on his Yamaha Fazer motorbike on Bolton Road , Withnell , on Sunday afternoon when he was involved in a collision with a Volvo car . He was airlifted to the Royal Preston Hospital , where he later died . His family described him as a \" quiet , enthusiastic , caring and loving man \" with a \" real passion for motorcycles \" . Paying tribute , they said : \" He had just celebrated his 21st birthday by touring Europe on his Yamaha motorbike . \" He died doing something he loved and is now at peace and resting with his . He will be dearly missed by everybody that knew him and will never be forgotten . \" Police are urging witnesses of the collision to get in touch .", "The 37-year-old made 64 appearances for his country , including three at the 2006 World Cup , and is Poland 's most-capped goalkeeper . has been mainly used as a back-up keeper to and in recent years . \" It has not been an easy decision for me and has been one that I 've taken incredibly seriously ,\" he said . \" However , after much thought and consideration I feel that now is the right time in order to focus fully both on my family and club career at AFC Bournemouth . \"", "China has one of the biggest air pollution problems in the world . Lots of people living there tend to wear special facemasks to help to filter out the pollution . Italian architect came up with the idea of creating buildings which are full of plants , to help fight pollution . These two special buildings will be home to more than 1,000 trees and 2,500 shrubs and bushes which should absorb the pollution in the air and help to filter it and make it cleaner . The buildings will be built in the Chinese city of Nanjing , and should be finished by 2018 . The shorter tower will be a hotel , while the taller one will be home to a museum , offices and an architecture school . The buildings are the first of their kind in Asia , but will join two other buildings like them , from Italy and Switzerland . The architect has plans to build similar buildings in other Chinese cities like Chongqing , Shijiazhuang , Liuzhou , Guizhou and Shanghai . In 2014 China 's government said they were working hard to reduce the amount of pollution in the air - and since then they 've been closing down coal-burning factories , and limiting the amount of traffic on roads .", "Media playback is not supported on this device In an error-strewn display , the 2012 bronze medallist needed 102 points from his closing dive to reach the final . However , he managed only 50.40 to finish in last place with 403.25 - well short of the personal best of 571.85 he set in Friday 's preliminary round . \" It 's really hard to accept . I 've worked so hard ,\" said , 22 . \" Yesterday I scored the highest score ever in an Olympic Games . Today it was n't meant to be . That 's what diving does sometimes . \" I truly am heartbroken because I feel like I am in the peak physical condition and I could have won . \" British Diving performance director had said was \" in the best shape and best form of his career \" before the Olympics . , who won a bronze medal in the 10m synchronised platform with , suggested he would compete again in Tokyo in 2020 . \" I 'm so happy with how GB have done , so proud to be part of it and I wanted to be able to stand on top of that podium , so it will be another four years' hard work ,\" he said . Media playback is not supported on this device China 's , 20 , claimed his second gold of the Games by winning the final , which took place later on Saturday . , who also won the 10m synchro alongside , scored 585.30 points to finish ahead of Mexico 's ( 532.70 ) and defending champion of the United States ( 525.25 ) . Media playback is not supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Nama sold its entire Northern Ireland portfolio to Cerberus , a US investment fund , in 2014 . The Irish Times has reported that the Comptroller and Auditor General ( C & AG ) will say that failings in the sales process could have resulted in \" hundred of millions of euro \" not being realised . Nama , an Irish state agency , was established in 2009 to take control of billions of euro of bad property loans which were damaging the Irish banks . Controversy around the sales process has centred on the role of the businessman and former Nama advisor . While working as an advisor to Nama he began talking to a US investment fund , Pimco , which was interested in buying the portfolio . He then left his Nama role and went on to assist the fund with its bid . He was due to be paid \u00a3 5m if the bid succeeded - but it collapsed when learned of Mr 's role . Subsequently only two other firms made offers to buy the Northern Ireland portfolio . The highest bid of \u00a3 1.24bn - a fraction above the minimum reserve price - was made by Cerberus . The other offer from Fortress was for \u00a3 1.1bn , which was below the reserve . Earlier this year , the BBC Spotlight programme broadcast a covert recording in which Mr claimed he was also due to be paid a fee in relation to the Cerberus deal . The Irish Times reports that the C & AG will say that \" while it impossible to be definitive \" , shortcomings in the sales process meant Nama did not receive hundreds of millions of euro that it might otherwise have . A Nama spokesman said : \" We 're not making any comment and will respond when the report is published . \" In a statement , the Department of Finance in Dublin , said : \"' The minister will brief his cabinet colleagues at an upcoming government meeting . \" The report will be published thereafter . No further comment will be made until after publication . \" Mr has always denied any wrongdoing in relation to his Nama role . Cerberus has said that the sales process for the loan portfolio was \" conducted with full integrity \" on its part . Earlier this week , BBC NI 's Spotlight programme reported that Mr was recorded accepting a \u00a3 40,000 cash payment from a Nama borrower . Mr , who was advising at the time , has denied any wrongdoing . Following the broadcast , First Minister rejected a call by Sinn F\u00e9in 's for a cross-border Nama inquiry saying it was \" not appropriate \" . Mr said he supported such an inquiry following new revelations in the Spotlight programme about 's role in Northern Ireland 's biggest ever property deal .", "The unknown offender seized control of the Medway Council feed at about 19:45 BST . Its first tweet announced : \" The Medway Council Twitter feed has been taken over by the citizens of Medway . \" Hackers went on to publish a string of Tweets which were removed about 10 minutes later . The authority apologised for any offence caused . It tweeted : \" Our account was hacked for a short time earlier this evening . \" Sorry for any offence caused by the tweets which have now been removed . \" During the security breach , around nine tweets were sent including one which promised : \" We 're also going to introduce decent schools . About time eh ?\" . The hackers also announced an end to Rochester 's Dickens Festival . , head of communication at Medway Council , said action was taken to secure the account as quickly as possible . She added : \" We are sorry for any offence caused by the messages that were tweeted . \" We take the security of our account very seriously and are looking into how this happened . \"", "He 's been refused somewhere to stay because he comes from Ebola hotspot , Sierra Leone . arrived in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight ago and was turned down by two landlords - one by letter . Both were happy for him to stay until he handed over his passport and they realised he was from a country at the centre of the current epidemic . He told Newsbeat that he was \" devastated to be turned down \" . The letter said : \" Under normal circumstance . Your profile would be a great profile to be one of our lodgers . \" However , given that the world is about to probably experience an Ebola epidemic , we have decided not to accept anyone that has been anywhere near the ebola outbreak within the last two months , or is likely to visit those areas in the near future . \" , 35 , told Newsbeat that it is wrong to assume all people from Sierra Leone carry the disease . He says : \" It 's very unreasonable . And if you think everybody coming from Sierra Leone is affected , then that 's just completely unfair . \" The good news for Amara is that after a few weeks of looking , he 's found somewhere to stay so he can continue his studies . More than 4,400 people have died in the Ebola outbreak , mainly in West Africa . Britain has now begun screening passengers at Heathrow airport . People arriving from the worst-affected countries will be questioned and may have their temperatures taken . Professor is an expert on diseases like Ebola and how they spread . How worried should we be here in the UK ? I think we should be worried about Ebola in West Africa because sadly the cases have gone up and up but the situation in the UK is very different from the situation in West Africa . Was the landlord right to be so cautious ? I understand why people are concerned about Ebola but what people need to do is look at the facts and then make sensible decisions . You 're not going to get Ebola from renting your flat to someone from Sierra Leone . How do people get Ebola ? Ebola is passed on if someone is in contact with the bodily fluids of someone who is actually sick with the disease . So clearly letting out your property wont put people at risk . Is the virus going to become airborne ? There is no evidence that the virus is airborne and we have never seen the virus change and become airborne - so there is no evidence to say that this will happen here . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "According to the corporation , \" the extended Ten will give audiences even more news analysis and explanation \" . With additional news from the Nations and Regions , the programme will be 45-minutes long from Monday through to Thursday , starting from 11 January . The move follows a five-month trial in the run-up to the General Election . \" Along with its sister programme at 6 , The BBC 's 10 o'clock News is already the most popular news bulletin in the UK and , in the New Year , it will offer even more ,\" said , controller of daily news programmes . \" Viewers will continue to see the fullest range of stories - and now we 'll have still more scope to explain the events that impact the country and help to make sense of the changing world around us . \" It 's always been a bit odd that the BBC 's highest profile news bulletin ( if not highest rated - the audience for the Six o'clock News is bigger ) has also been the shortest . Of course , the official duration has n't always been stuck to . People who tune in just for the weather at the end of the bulletin will already know this - the news is sometimes two , three or even five minutes longer than it says on the schedules . It is , though , an interesting symbolic move . ITV 's News at Ten presenter has questioned the BBC scheduling its main news at 10pm , and so too has the culture secretary . This certainly makes clear the BBC is n't planning on vacating the spot , but is digging in even deeper . Yet it does present a quandary for those who like to tuck in to Newsnight after the Ten . Newsnight 's start time is usually around 22:32 . In future , if you stay with the News at Ten until the end of the weather , you will have missed the first 13 minutes of the programme . And finally , for fans of the red chair and the celebrity sofa , this is a Monday to Thursday-only change . Question Time on Thursday can be shunted , but , it appears , is sticking to his 22:35 slot .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday and have won both of their games under since 's sacking . \" Suddenly he wants to be a manager . It does n't sit that comfortably with me ,\" said on Match of the Day . \" If you 're assistant manager to and he 's walked , why is it you suddenly want to be the manager ? \" , 53 , has never managed full-time and was brought to Leicester by 's predecessor . He says he expects to speak with the Leicester hierarchy about his future next week . \" You have personal ambition , but I think it 's almost out of order that he wants to jump in for that job ,\" said . \" Surely they 'll go for a manager who is bigger with more experience . \" Former Liverpool midfielder added : \" While is winning , leave him in charge . Why change ? Let him carry on . \" Speaking after his side moved five points clear of the relegation zone , said : \" My remit was to win these two games and that 's what we 've done ,\" he said . \" The owners will make a decision for the good of the club and until I talk to them I do n't know what that will be . But as I have said previously , I 'm comfortable with that . \" I ca n't control it and there 's no point worrying about it . \" Leicester had not scored a league goal in 2017 until took charge , but have now scored six in two games - twice as many Premier League goals as they did in their last 10 matches under . has never managed a club before but has a long association with the Foxes . The Englishman was assistant manager to for two years from 2008 , following to Hull in 2010 before they both returned to Leicester a year later . Following 's sacking in 2015 , remained at the club as 's assistant . Leicester are believed to have spoken to a number of potential candidates to replace , but could also consider giving the job until the end of the season . The Foxes have held informal discussions with former England boss . The 69-year-old has been out of work since leaving the international set-up after the Three Lions lost to Iceland at Euro 2016 . , who saved Leicester from relegation in 2014-15 , has also been linked with a return .", "died in 2011 , aged 52 , just months after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act . Under-fire Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust admitted it could have made better decisions about her care . However , Ms 's sister , , said the trust 's findings \" deserved to be binned \" . In December , the BBC revealed that the trust , which provides services to about 45,000 people in Hampshire , Dorset , Wiltshire , Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire , had failed to investigate hundreds of unexpected deaths since 2011 . , from New Milton , Hampshire , had paranoid schizophrenia and was discharged from hospital two weeks after being sectioned . She was sent home where she was the main carer for her 89-year-old mother , who had dementia . Four months later she took her own life . Her family said the trust should not have allowed her to go home while she was still ill . In its 2012 report , the trust said the medical team based at Waterford House who cared for Ms should \" be commended for their ongoing efforts to work with and her whole family in as an inclusive a way as possible , despite significant complications \" . Ms said : \" There is n't an investigation here , nothing of the sort . I could have carried out a better investigation myself to be quite frank . \" She added : \" It deserves to be binned - nobody would have known anything from this at all , there is nothing to take away from this other than a load of psycho babble and twaddle . \" In a statement , Dr , medical director at the trust , said the report found its \" decision-making process about granting leave , and how we communicated this with and her family , could have been better \" . \" Robust actions to learn from this incident were fully implemented at the time ,\" she added . She said the trust had provided community support to help with her role as a carer . \" The way we investigate and learn when things go wrong , has changed substantially ,\" she added .", "The firm will resume in-house domestic vinyl production at a Japanese factory south-west of Tokyo by March 2018 . The move comes amid renewed demand for old-fashioned black plastic records , which now occupy a key market niche . At one time , the format had been expected to disappear after the rise of CDs , digital downloads and streaming . During vinyl 's long decline from the late 1980s onwards , many vinyl record factories closed down , with production confined to a few specialist independent firms . But this year , global vinyl revenue is expected to hit $ 1bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 770m ) , with many consumers swearing by its supposedly superior sound quality . Analysis : , business correspondent They said the CD had killed it and that digital downloads had left it dead and buried : but vinyl is back . Sony , which played a major part in killing off vinyl by developing CDs , has seen them replaced in turn by other music technology such as downloads and streaming , but vinyl is increasingly popular once again . The format has been saved by a resurgence in demand , as it attracts not only nostalgic older consumers , but also younger generations who have rediscovered records , especially in clubs and at music festivals . Sony is even struggling to find older engineers who know how to make records . Part of the reason for the popularity of vinyl records may be that you can actually sell them in shops . In the UK , record sales brought in more money last year than streaming platforms - although the unit costs of vinyl is many times that of streaming . Vinyl records have been growing in popularity again in recent years , boosted by events such as Record Store Day in April every year , for which record companies produce special limited-edition singles and albums . Sony 's move comes a few months after it equipped its Tokyo studio with a cutting lathe , used to produce the master discs needed for manufacturing vinyl records . It has not yet said which titles it will be pressing in vinyl , but big sellers in the format these days are a mixture of classic back-catalogue items and modern releases by new bands .", "Victoria mated with a male bear at the Highland Wildlife Park at Kincraig , near Aviemore , earlier this year . To protect her from being disturbed if she is pregnant , the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) said she had been taken \" off show \" . If she does raise a cub or cubs , they would be born in December or January . RZSS said it was not possible to say at this stage if was pregnant . Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago . Victoria was brought to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark last year and is kept in an enclosure about a mile away from the park 's two males , and . She previously raised cubs in 2008 . was moved to Victoria 's enclosure for a short time earlier this year .", "Seven organisations have issued joint advice on vitamin D , which the body gets from natural sunlight . The nutrient keeps bones strong , and protects against conditions like osteoporosis . The guidance was drawn up because it is thought fears about skin cancer have made people too cautious about being in the sun . Cancer Research UK and the National Osteoporosis Society are among the bodies which agree that \" little and frequent \" spells in summer sunshine several times a week can benefit your health . The experts now say it is fine to go outside in strong sun in the middle of the day , as long as you cover up or apply sunscreen before your skin goes red . Professor , from the British Association of Dermatologists , said : \" Total sun protection with high factor suncream on all the time is not ideal , in terms of vitamin D levels . \" Even Australia has changed its policy on this . They 're now producing charts showing parts of Australia where sun protection may not be required during some parts of the year . \" Some of the messages about sun exposure have been too negative . UK summer sunshine is n't desperately strong . We do n't have many days in the year when it is very intense . \" What 's changed is that we 're now saying that exposure of 10 to 15 minutes to the UK summer sun , without suncream , several times a week is probably a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer . \" Official government advice already recommends vitamin D supplements for pregnant women and children aged under five . But the experts who wrote the joint statement say mothers often are not made aware of this recommendation . They suggest women consult their GP . Winter levels of vitamin D can be helped by a break in the tropical sun - or by eating oily fish , liver and fortified margarine . Cancer Research UK 's chief clinician , Professor , said : \" A good diet and sensible sun exposure will be adequate for the great majority of the UK population to minimise their cancer risk . \" The area of vitamin D and cancer is complex . \" There 's some evidence , which is strongest in bowel cancer , that low levels of vitamin D in the blood correlate with the risk of developing cancer . \" But that does n't mean those low levels cause bowel cancer . \" We think overall that low levels of vitamin D are unlikely to be major contributors to the chances of developing cancer in the UK population . \" The joint statement also highlighted questions about vitamin D that warrant further research . These include finding out the optimal levels of vitamin D , and more detail about the role of dietary sources and supplements .", "Linton Bridge , over the River Wharfe in West Yorkshire , was damaged in the Christmas floods . Emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge between Linton and Collingham remains at risk of collapse , said Leeds City Council . Work , which will cost \u00a3 4.5m , is to start in July to put in place a river platform to work on the foundations . Parts of the bridge dropped about 8in ( 20cm ) after the floodwater undermined its foundations . It has been shut since 27 December and the permanent repair works are expected to be completed by the summer of 2017 . More than 100 bridges were damaged by floods in West Yorkshire and a bridge partially collapsed in Tadcaster in North Yorkshire . Councillor said : \" I think everyone now realises the challenge of repairing Linton Bridge is considerable and requires detailed and complex work , so is not something that can be done quickly . \" The meeting also decided not to put a temporary footbridge in place due to cost and environmental impact . A free shuttle bus service has been operating between Linton and Wetherby since January .", "Organisers said about 10,000 people were expected , in the city 's biggest show of solidarity with foreigners . At least five people have been killed and foreign-owned shops looted in attacks since last week . The influential Zulu king has been accused of fuelling the violence - charges he denies . For the latest news , views and analysis see the BBC Africa Live page . Locals accuse foreigners of taking their jobs in a country where the official unemployment rate is 24 % . Tens of thousands of foreigners , mostly from other African states and Asia , have moved to South Africa since white-minority rule ended in 1994 . At least 62 people died in xenophobic attacks that swept South Africa in 2008 . Are you in Durban ? What is your reaction to the march against xenophobia ? Email haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk with your experience . If you would be happy to speak further to a BBC journalist , please include a contact telephone number . Email your pictures to yourpics @ bbc.co.uk , upload them here , tweet them to @ BBC _ HaveYourSay or text 61124 . If you are outside the UK , send them to the international number + 44 7624 800 100 . Or WhatsApp us on + 44 7525 900971 Read our terms and conditions .", "Nottinghamshire Police were present when the man fell from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham on Friday evening . A witness told the Nottingham Post he survived the first fall before running to another flat and falling again . Police are not treating the death of the man , in his mid-30s , as suspicious . Officers were called to Waterloo Road at about 19:30 GMT .", "The Public Administration Committee said it would seek written evidence and publish an interim report before the summer recess later this month . Eurosceptic Tories fear the rules are being amended to allow the government to campaign openly to stay in the EU . But ministers say it is needed to allow them to continue their work . The committee , headed by Conservative MP , said the purdah probe would form the first part of a wide-ranging inquiry into the EU Referendum Bill , the proposed law that will authorise a referendum on the UK 's membership of the EU by the end of 2017 . Mr said he and his colleagues wanted to know why the government was planning to partially \" disapply \" the existing rules on government announcements in the four weeks leading up to the referendum . The inquiry will focus on the existing rules , as set out in the 2000 Political Parties and Referendum Act , the government 's case for amending them , how ministers plan to go about it and the impact it will have on the impartiality of the civil service . In a vote on the issue last month , 27 Conservative MPs rebelled against their party , urging ministers to reinstate the full purdah period although the government won the vote after Labour abstained . The government has said the existing rules would potentially prevent ministers from attending EU meetings and making decisions with a European dimension . They have insisted they will address MPs' concerns about this and other matters - such as the funding available to different sides and the length of the campaign itself - as the bill makes its way through the Commons . The committee will publish its report on 22 July .", "But archaeologist believes this fortified farmhouse once stood on stilts on a manmade island in an Ice Age lake 4,900 years ago . The \" crannog 's \" timbers survived and carbon dating said they were built on Jordan Way , Monmouth , 2,917 years BC . A slab of timber was discovered when the estate was constructed in 2003 . It is the second crannog discovered in Wales . But the first , at Llangorse Lake , in the Brecon Beacons , is thousands of years younger than the recent discovery . \" This is very important , it was a huge lake that was here until the Iron Age ,\" said Mr , 70 . \" This will tell us what was happening here in the Stone Age - we know so little about that period . \"", "Gwent Police was called to the incident near Raglan Services at about 11:30 BST on Sunday . The ambulance service said a patient had been taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary . The road was closed in both directions between Monmouth and Raglan for about four hours but police said traffic was now moving freely .", "The organisations used the Freedom of Information Act to get details on pay packages for everyone from managers and hospital doctors to dentists and GPs . Researchers included bonuses , pension contributions and redundancy payments , as well as salaries , in the sums . The Taxpayers' Alliance said some of the figures were concerning . In particular , the lobby group highlighted the sums being paid to senior managers . The overwhelming majority of staff on six-figure salaries were clinical , including GPs , hospital consultants and dentists . But nearly 2,400 of the staff were employed by NHS bodies in the UK in non-clinical roles - of these 472 earned more than \u00a3 150,000 . The Daily Mail said its analysis of annual accounts of NHS bodies showed that the pay bill for NHS directors had risen by 22 % in two years . Another 534 employees of quangos were also on six-figure salaries . Taxpayers' Alliance chief executive said : \" No-one begrudges paying doctors and nurses well for the tough jobs they do , but it 's galling to see bosses at failing hospitals continuing to rake in the cash . \" It 's an insult to taxpayers , but it 's even worse for patients who have suffered because of mismanagement and worse . \" The rewards-for-failure culture is rife in the NHS and it must be stamped out as a matter of urgency . \" However , separate figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre have shown that overall the number of managers in the health service in England , including senior and lower level ones , has been falling . There are now just over 37,600 employed - down by nearly a fifth in five years . Ministers in England also pointed out that they had written to NHS bodies to discourage \" retire and rehire \" practices where staff get lucrative pay-offs and then start working again in closely linked jobs , while any salaries above the level of the prime minister 's now needed to be scrutinised by the Department of Health . Health Minister said : \" We are absolutely clear that value for money for the taxpayer is vital , every pound that is wasted or spent unnecessarily is a pound that cannot be spent on looking after patients . \" , chief executive of the NHS Confederation , defended the pay levels , saying being a chief executive in the NHS \" was one of the toughest jobs in the country \" . And he added : \" In the toughest environment for the NHS in a generation , we need good leaders who can transform care . They need the ambition and the skills to take people with them , and have the stability and time to build relationships around a common shared goal for their local population . \"", "28 June 2016 Last updated at 08:03 BST On 1 July 1916 , British soldiers started fighting in the Battle of the Somme . The people in charge said that the battle had to happen to win the war . But by the time it was over , more than a million soldiers on both sides had died or were injured . Even now people ca n't agree on whether it was the right decision or a huge mistake . has been to the trenches in northern France to find out what happened .", "was working at Blundells School at Tiverton , Devon , when he assaulted the girl under the guise of giving her a sports massage . , 29 , was cleared of sexually assaulting two other girls at a summer ball and a camping trip by a jury in February at Exeter Crown Court . He was a physics teacher at the \u00c2 \u00a3 31,000 a year school but now lives in France . The court heard details of the conviction are to be supplied to the French authorities to ensure , previously of Preston Street , Exeter , is not able to work with children again . In May 2014 , he offered to give his victim a massage after she suffered cramp but went on to lift her top and try to pull down her trousers . Recorder Mr , QC said there was a \" higher culpability because of the abuse of trust \" . He said : \" This was not just flirting and an error of judgment but a more determined effort to pursue your desire and overcome her resistance . \" The judge said , who now teaches adults in France , had experienced \" substantial punishment in terms of career , self image and place in society \" and suspended his sentence for two years . He ordered to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 2,500 costs and sign on the sex offenders register . , for the defence , said there was an \" element of infatuation \" with the victim which \" got out of hand \" .", "The victim is in a stable condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital after being seriously injured in a confrontation in Portslade on Saturday . A 15-year-old boy from Hove was held on suspicion of attempted murder and causing GBH with intent . An 18-year-old man from Portslade was arrested on suspicion of affray . Both have been bailed until 18 November . A 16-year-old boy from Portslade , also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder , remains in police custody . Sussex Police said emergency services were called to Abinger Road at 17:17 BST where a group of youths were gathered in the car park of the Co-op store .", "'s body was found in his Renault Clio in Portland Road , Edgbaston , on Monday afternoon . The 33-year-old had not been seen since closing his Hi-Tech Music shop in Shireland Road , Smethwick , on Sunday evening and had been reported missing . Police said his death is currently being treated as suspicious and a post-mortem examination will be carried out . Mr was reported missing at midday on Monday . More on this story and others from Birmingham and Black Country Portland Road was cordoned off between City Road and the Ridgeway and the car has been taken away for investigation . Det Insp said police are working \" around the clock \" to try to piece together Mr 's last movements . \" Portland Road is likely to remain closed until later today while my team continues to carry out an important forensic examination at the scene ,\" he said . \" I am particularly keen to speak to any witnesses who may have seen Mr between closing his shop in Smethwick on Sunday night and the time he was discovered at lunchtime on Monday . \"", "The record follows a break during which singer went to rehab for prescription pill addiction and touring guitarist received treatment for tonsil cancer . \" To have a chart-topping album at this stage of our career is especially gratifying ,\" the band said . As with 2004 's American Idiot , the record is a critique of US society . The album 's first single , Bang Bang , addresses the culture of mass shootings , telling the story of one such incident through the eyes of a perpetrator . The title track was written after joined a march in Manhattan , New York , protesting against a grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer for the killing of unarmed black teenager in . \" It was happening all over the country ,\" he told Rolling Stone magazine . \" It was a trip to see people rebel against the old order . \" I was feeling that people do n't want to feel obsolete in the things that we care about . \" Revolution Radio outsold its nearest competitor , 's In The Now , by a ratio of two to one , said the Official Charts Company . Other new entries in this week 's album chart came from US rock band Alter Bridge , who landed at three with The Last Hero , and the Kaiser Chiefs , whose pop-centric album Stay Together debuted at four . Pop band OneRepublic scored a new entry at six with Oh My My , while entered at 10 with Day Breaks , a record that marks a return to the jazz-inflected style of her debut , Come Away With Me . In the singles chart , holds on to the number one spot for the third week in a row , with his downbeat ballad Say You Wo n't Let Go . The singer strengthened his lead over the competition thanks to a performance on last week 's X Factor , which resulted in 50,000 sales and 5.16 million streams - the highest figure his song has achieved so far . was the highest new entry 24K Magic , a charismatic retread of his hit single Uptown Funk ; while Swedish star edged closer to the top 10 with her single Ai n't My Fault rising three places to number 13 . Actress-turned-pop star had the highest-climbing single of the week , as Starving - her collaboration with dance producer - leapt from 28 to 17 . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The 44-year-old had been in charge at Rugby Park since February 2016 , when he replaced . He kept in the Premiership last season and leaves them in sixth place . , 41 , had been announced in December as head coach at Bury until the end of the season after was fired . \" is someone who I have followed through his playing and managerial career ,\" said Shakers chairman . \" I firmly believe that is the right man and he has an enthusiasm and passionate desire to take this club forward . I was overwhelmed with his knowledge of the club and the contacts he has in the game and how he believes in what we can achieve together . \" Former Huddersfield , Birmingham and Blackpool boss takes charge of a Bury side sat in the relegation zone in the third tier and will be on the sidelines for the game against Chesterfield on Saturday . Assistant will become interim manager of Kilmarnock , with as his No.2 . is likely to be offered the position until the end of the season . , a former midfielder at Newcastle , Fulham and Sunderland , won 10 of his 44 games in charge at Kilmarnock . \" I have had a wonderful year as Kilmarnock manager ,\" he told the club website . \" The club and fans have treated myself and my family fantastically - we are in a good position with a strong and loyal squad and staff . \" The directors have given me their full support in rebuilding the squad and the fans will always have a special place in my heart , but I still have huge ambition to one day manage at the highest level in England , which is obviously the Premier League . \" I feel that the fresh challenge of managing a club in England 's League One could provide me with the platform to build towards this goal . \"", "This brings the number of military dismissals to more than 3,000 following the failed coup , in which rebel units used tanks and aircraft to try to oust President . On Saturday Mr announced steps to put all armed forces under direct government control , amid a crackdown . He accuses US-based cleric of being behind the coup attempt . At least 246 people died as rebel soldiers tried to seize power on 15 July . Mr denies any involvement . The latest soldiers to be dismissed include Mr 's chief military adviser , a top aide to the chief of the general staff and the defence minister 's chief secretary . On Saturday the government announced plans to close all military academies and bring land , naval and air forces under the control of the defence ministry . The proposals need to be approved by parliament . The coup has triggered a massive purge , with 66,000 public sector workers dismissed and 50,000 passports cancelled . The state has also shut 142 media outlets and detained journalists . A three-month state of emergency has also been declared . President has ignored international unease about the crackdown , telling his foreign critics : \" Mind your own business . \"", "The Local Government Association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings . Staff are also working closely with tenants to review and offer fire safety advice . Police say at least 30 people died as a result of the west London blaze . Live : Latest updates on the Grenfell Tower fire , LGA chairman , said : \" Following the horrific fire at Grenfell Tower , councils with tower blocks in their local area have been working with their local fire service , and undertaking urgent reviews of their high-rise buildings . \" Fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings are being reviewed and double checks are being made to ensure remedial work recommended under previous assessments have been carried out . \" Extra fire safety checks were immediately organised across local authorities , including Camden , Newham , Croydon and Redbridge . In Leeds , which has 116 blocks , the council is carrying out a review of fire safety in all blocks as a matter of urgency , but reassuring residents adequate checks are already in place . In the Midlands , councils in Coventry and Birmingham , which have 38 high-rise blocks , say they have double-checked records and no buildings have cladding like the type used in Grenfell Tower . London fire : Homes offered to Grenfell victims London fire : Fire protesters storm town hall May promises ' proper investigation ' into fire In Wolverhampton , the city council said that of the 36 tower blocks across the city , a number have external cladding . The authority said it was \" confident \" the cladding is of a correct standard , but will undergo urgent checks with manufacturers . Fire crews in Solihull have visited high-rise blocks to reassure residents . Senior councillors in Liverpool will hold a meeting with social landlords on Saturday , while the fire service is reviewing its inspection processes for high-rise buildings and prioritising inspections of high-rise premises across Merseyside . St Katherine 's Court in Northampton , which was recently refurbished , was inspected earlier by the fire service . Management said cladding used is a different type to that used on Grenfell Tower . Meanwhile , fire services in Lincolnshire , Cambridgeshire and Humberside have also confirmed they will be visiting high-rise buildings . And in Cornwall , which has one tower block , a meeting with residents and council and fire officers is planned for next week . added : \" Councils take the safety of residents extremely seriously . We need to know with certainty how this fire started and why it spread so quickly so that councils can start to take any action needed . \"", "The vehicle overturned on the road between Mecca and Medina , said . There were 44 Egyptian pilgrims on board the bus when it crashed , the agency said . The incident comes just days after 16 Palestinian pilgrims from the West Bank were killed when their bus crashed in Jordan on its way to Saudi Arabia . The groups were both travelling to Mecca to perform the lesser Islamic pilgrimage , or Umrah .", "Media playback is unsupported on your device 24 February 2015 Last updated at 20:27 GMT The 67-year-old , who was fearful of returning to his Gateshead home after the attack in January , has begun house hunting thanks to an online fundraising campaign that attracted donations of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 330,000 . But Mr , whose collarbone was broken when he was knocked to the ground , told Look North 's he was not yet ready to meet his attacker , drug-user , 25 .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The American , 32 , looked set to take part after warming up on the range but he then withdrew on the first tee . The US Open champion fell on the stairs and hurt his lower back on Wednesday . \" I 'm playing the best golf of my life and to have a freak accident happen yesterday afternoon , it sucks really bad ,\" said . \" I have been worked on all morning and obviously I can take some swings , but I ca n't swing full , I ca n't make my normal swing and I did n't think there was any chance I could compete . \" The 15-time PGA Tour winner added : \" I was wearing socks and slipped and went down the three stairs . The left side of my lower back took the brunt of it and my left elbow is bruised as well . \" 's caddie was placing the ball on his tee for him on the range , while coach said pain hindered 's rest overnight . Shortly before his withdrawal , he progressed from hitting wedge shots on the range to fuller swings and his involvement looked likely as he made his way to the first tee for a scheduled 19:03 BST start alongside playing partners and . was a popular pick to win the first major of the year as a result of the fine form he has shown in 2017 . He has won the past three tournaments in which he has competed - February 's Genesis Open , and both the WGC Mexico Championship and WGC Dell Match Play in March . As well as winning last year 's US Open by four shots , he finished ninth at the Open Championship and tied fourth at the Masters . BBC Radio 5 live correspondent took until the very last second to make what must have been an agonising decision to pull out . He was standing on the first tee before making the toughest call of his career . It is a severe blow for the player who has dominated golf this season . He arrived here off the back of three big victories and was a justifiable favourite . All that has been lost through his freak fall at his rental home and the damage done to his back .", "responded to The Sunday Times report that the company may spend research budgets overseas if government support for innovation is cut . Mr said he wanted the firm to commit itself to the city . Rolls-Royce said it invests in research and development \" where the environment is supportive \" . The union fears that grants offered by the department for Business , Innovation and Skills , to firms like Rolls-Royce , could be turned into loans as a result of spending cuts . Mr , a senior regional Unite officer in the East Midlands , said : \" If you move [ research and development ] , the manufacturing goes with it . \" You could be arguing that the whole presence of Rolls-Royce is being put at risk . \" I get called a scaremonger for this but when I 've sat and looked in the eyes of these people [ senior management ] , I do n't see that commitment . \" Dr , from Staffordshire University 's business school , said turning grants into loans could have a serious effect on Rolls-Royce . He said : \" It would put at risk the qualified scientists and engineers not just at Rolls-Royce in Derby , but also the supply chain , and wider into the hinterland of what supports that . \" Rolls-Royce , which employs about 13,000 people in Derby , said in a statement : \" Rolls-Royce has always maintained that we invest in research and development where the environment is supportive . \" The location of research and technology is dependent on where the early stages of innovation happens , and the UK today has a compelling and competitive environment for Rolls-Royce to invest . \" A government spokesperson said : \" We want the UK to be the best place in Europe to innovate and grow a business . \" We are simplifying support for business , boosting collaboration and investing in research infrastructure on a record scale . \"", "Bangladesh police are investigating the murder of an Italian aid worker who was shot on Monday , with the Islamic State group saying it is responsible . The two-Test series was due to begin in Chittagong on Friday , 9 October . \" One man gets killed , an Italian , and the tour is off . We 've had 50,000 people killed in Pakistan ,\" said . was referring to figures estimating the number of \" fatalities in terrorist violence \" in Pakistan since 2003 . In May , Pakistan hosted their first home full international fixture since gunmen attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lanka team on its way to play in Lahore in 2009 . \" A certain amount of tension is likely through terrorism , but they have to trust the Bangladeshis , the Indians , the Sri Lankans and Pakistanis . We give them 100 % protection ,\" added . \" Some of the countries , like Australia and New Zealand , are perhaps oversensitive . \" Cricket Australia had initially delayed the team 's scheduled departure on 28 September while it worked on a \" revised security plan \" . But it now says that official advice means it had \" no alternative but to postpone the tour \" . The Bangladesh Cricket Board ( BCB ) said it was \" disappointed \" by the decision but is \" committed to rescheduling the series at a later date \" . On Wednesday , the BCB had promised \" VVIP \" treatment for the Australian team , saying they would be given the same level of security afforded to visiting heads of state . England are due to tour Bangladesh to play two Tests and three one-day internationals in October and November 2016 .", "Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that can cause a fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems - particularly those with advanced HIV . Birds are known to carry the fungus , with experts puzzled why the birds themselves do not appear to become ill . Research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth . The fungus , found in bird 's droppings , mostly infects the lungs or the central nervous system . Scientists at the University of Sheffield and the University of Birmingham found it can grow slowly within the bird 's digestive tract , but if it tries to invade the bird 's body the immune system immediately destroys it . Dr , who led the research , said : \" Birds have a higher body temperature than humans , but this alone is not enough to fully stop the fungus . \" By studying bird cells under the microscope , we have seen that macrophage cells have the ability to completely block the growth of the fungus , which can be fatal in humans . He added : \" If we can learn how some animals are able to resist infection we might be able to gain insights into how we can improve the human immune response to this fungus . \" The universities said the work was part of a larger international effort to help fight cryptococcosis . The findings are reported in the journal Scientific Reports .", "The flight from Manchester Airport to Agadir in Morocco , was diverted to London Gatwick less than an hour after take-off on Thursday . The Thomson Airways Boeing 737-800 took off at 18:42 BST before being struck . A spokeswoman for the airline said it was an \" extremely rare \" event and the diversion was \" precautionary \" . The flight later landed safely in Agadir . , 27 , from Chester in Cheshire , was travelling to Morocco for a holiday with his girlfriend when he heard a \" sudden crack \" on the aircraft . He said the plane \" lit up like someone had taken a photo \" . \" It was about 10-15 minutes after take-off and there was a large flash ... everyone turned round to each other and knew it was lightning . \" About half an hour later , the pilot announced we 'd been hit by lightning and we 'd be landing at Gatwick ,\" he said . After around three hours on the runway , the same plane took off , he added . Thomson Airways has apologised for any inconvenience caused by the adverse weather conditions .", ", 31 , was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body after police discovered the remains of a baby at her home last month . , previously of West Hendon , north London , appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court on Monday afternoon . She spoke only to confirm her name , address , and date of birth . The court heard a post-mortem examination took place at Great Ormond Street Hospital on 2 June but the cause of death could not yet be determined . Ms was also charged with perverting the course of justice . She was not asked to submit a plea and will appear at Kingston Crown Court on 8 July . The charge follows a case review of an investigation into a child who went missing in 2004 , which was sparked by the death of another child at an address in Barnet in 2015 . The investigation led to the arrest of a 50-year-old woman in Fryent Crescent , West Hendon in north London . A 52-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of preventing a lawful and decent burial . Both were bailed until mid-July .", "The A344 next to the monument was shut in June to \" restore the dignity \" of the stone circle as part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 27m project . Residents of villages including Shrewton and Orcheston say their lanes have become \" rat runs \" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303 . Campaigners will collect signatures for a petition this weekend . , from the Shrewton Traffic Action Group ( Stag ) , said : \" The A344 should not have been closed before the A303 was dualled . \" The A303 at Stonehenge Bottom was bad before , but it 's a nightmare now . \" Traffic is stupidly backing up to Thruxton on a holiday weekend . \" Sat-navs are sending people right through our villages . There 's going to be an accident . \" The petition is asking for \" urgent action \" to be taken to tackle high volumes of non-local traffic using the B3086 through Shrewton , a 20mph speed limit to be introduced and better signage to be installed .", "The Championship side are willing to allow the Scotland international to leave on a free transfer , but they are also willing to consider a loan move . The 28-year-old , who is out of contract at the end of the season , joined Blues from Swindon in August 2012 . He has since played in 159 games for the club , but has been limited to just one appearance this season . \" We have had a very good chat ,\" boss told BBC Sport . \" I 've told him very clearly that I do n't mind if he wants to stay . \" He has players in front of him in his position , but I 've told him that If you want to stay and fight and you deserve to play , then you will play . \" is a player whose name is imprinted in Birmingham footballing folklore , having scored the late goal at Bolton that kept Blues in the Championship on the final day of the season , in May 2014 .", "Australia are in a commanding position after two days of the second Test at Lord 's as they look to square the series after England 's win in Cardiff . , 33 , was named man of the series following Australia 's Ashes win in 2013-14 when he took 37 wickets . \" I hope so . That 'd be nice , to have those scars come back out ,\" he said . Left-arm paceman had a chastening time at the first Test in Cardiff as he finished with match figures of 2-180 . But he looked back to something like his best at Lord 's with 2-16 from a six-over spell as England recovered from 30-4 to reach 85-4 after Australia had declared on 566-8 . \" Nothing 's changed for me . It 's always nice to go out there and perform and to bowl at good pace ,\" added . \" The ball 's been swinging over here too and I 've really enjoyed that . When the ball swings at good pace it makes it a little more difficult . \" He also appeared to make light of England 's talk of playing a more attacking style of cricket under new coach . \" We were hoping they would come out and play the aggressive brand they 've been talking about ,\" he said . \" We hope they come out in the morning and do the same thing . \" And he added : \" I guess is a very aggressive player anyway so we 'd like to see him play some shots and hopefully get a couple of quick wickets in the morning . \" I ca n't decide for them , if they want to play aggressive cricket or if they want to go the other way . \" England paceman , who took four for 83 in Australia 's first innings , accepted his side had succumbed to the pressure of the tourists' huge total . \" It 's always a tricky period when you 've conceded a lot of runs to then go out and bat for 30 overs ,\" he said . \" It 's always a big test for you and I think mentally we did n't switch on for 20 minutes - and lost four wickets . \" We 'll have a few batsmen in that changing room wishing they could face their balls again and play them pretty differently , I think . \"", "Police have confirmed paint was thrown over doors and windows at Crumlin Orange Hall some time between 2300 BST on Monday and 1000 BST on Tuesday . SDLP South Antrim MLA condemned those behind the attack which he said was \" pointless \" . \" They can only harm and destroy , they can only cause pain and hardship and useless expense to taxpayers and ratepayers ,\" he said .", "The third death was announced on Monday and five are critically ill in hospital , following the event in Haaksbergen in Overijssel province . Video footage shows the modified pick-up with outsized tyres driving over a row of cars as part of the show , but then veering off course . A boy , a man and a woman died . Besides the five critically injured there are another 18 with lesser injuries , the Haaksbergen mayor 's office said . Helicopters helped ferry the injured to hospitals in three nearby towns . \" A so-called monster truck drove into a crowd of spectators . A terrible accident with two dead victims ,\" town authorities said on their website on Sunday . Video of the accident posted on social media showed the truck revving hard and then riding over six cars before suddenly heading towards spectators who were separated from the show by metal barriers . Screaming , some managed to get away but others had no time to escape . The driver of the truck has been detained and an inquiry has been opened , police said , quoted by local media .", "said was in touch on \" economic injustices \" but warned of an electoral \" walloping \" over security and migration . Mr is against Britain 's nuclear weapons system and has called on the UK to accept more refugees . Meanwhile , a former Labour pollster has criticised the party 's report into why it lost the election . told the BBC 's Sunday Politics her research had not been included in the review , led by Dame , and branded it a \" whitewash and a massive missed opportunity \" . Labour said the report had \" consulted far and wide \" , taking input from pollsters , pundits and academics . Mr , a former welfare minister , campaigns on migration issues alongside Conservative MP Sir . In a Sunday Telegraph article , they call for an end to the UK 's \" open-door policy \" , warning of a risk to social cohesion unless immigration is reduced . He told Sky News : \" On the big issues , sadly , which will decide the next election , which is about defending our borders and defending us as a nation , the Labour opposition looks as if it is walking in the opposite direction . \" Clearly that is going to have to be sorted out before the next election if we are not to get a walloping yet again . \" Speaking on the BBC 's Sunday Politics , , who was sacked as shadow culture secretary in Mr 's reshuffle , said the Labour leader \" faces a big test \" in the May elections . Mr said Mr had to be given a chance because of his \" huge mandate from party members \" , but said he had to show he could convert this into support from the public , including Conservative voters . Speaking to on BBC Radio 5 Live , former front-bencher said May 's elections would be \" essential \" but said Mr was \" elected by our members and he deserves a chance to show he can do it \" . He also said it was \" unfair \" to call the report into Labour 's election defeat a whitewash .", "Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service , which employs about 700 people , may also lose 50-60 on-call firefighters as part of the savings plan . The number of full-time crewed stations was reduced to four in a previous round of cuts - two remain in Ipswich , along with Lowestoft and Bury St Edmunds . A public consultation on Suffolk County Council 's plans will now take place . Seven of the county 's 47 fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of the \u00a3 1.3m cuts . A fire engine in Sudbury , where a major fire broke out in September , could be replaced with a smaller \" rapid response \" vehicle . , of Suffolk County Council , said he was confident an \" outstanding service \" could be maintained . \" Without question , this is a challenging set of proposals ,\" he said . \" However , they have been shaped by the feedback we received during the recent pre-consultation held in the summer . \" I now encourage people to respond to this full consultation so we have a wide range of views to inform our final decisions . \" There has been a fall in the number of emergency calls over the last 10 years in Suffolk , in line with other authorities , from about 10,000 in 2004 to about 6,700 last year . A spokesman for the Suffolk Fire Brigades Union said they were \" deeply concerned about the devastating cuts \" which , they said , were \" nothing but dangerous \" . Chairman said : \" The \u00a3 1.3m saving could be avoided totally if council tax was increased by less than \u00a3 1.80 per person in Suffolk per year . \" We strongly urge all residents to reply to the consultation to tell the council that we are not prepared to endure these cuts . \"", "Speaking to reporters , FBI boss said the plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations . Lives could depend on police forces continuing to get access to the data on devices used by criminals and terrorists , he said . The FBI was talking to both Apple and Google about its fears , said Mr . The conversations with tech firms needed to be had before the day when police forces lost access to those devices , he said . \" I 'd hate to have people look at me and say , ' Well how come you ca n't save this kid ? ' ' How come you ca n't do this thing ?'\" said Mr in a briefing . His comments came in reaction to a decision by Apple to enable a file encryption system on its iOS 8 software for which it has no keys . This means it would not be able to comply with any official request to help police get at the data on those devices . Google has said it too is planning to enable a similar encryption system by default on the next version of Android . Mr said he was \" very concerned \" about these plans because of what they would allow people to do . \" What concerns me about this is companies marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves beyond the law ,\" he said . \" I am a huge believer in the rule of law , but I am also a believer that no-one in this country is beyond the law ,\" he added . Apple and Google have yet to respond to Mr 's comments . Ten days prior to Mr 's press statement , iOS data forensics expert pointed out that Apple 's encryption system would not stop police getting at data on portable devices . Specifically weakening security systems just to aid the police was a bad decision , he said . \" For the sake of privacy and overall security , the only logical solution is to make products as secure as possible , and let good detective work do the crime solving , rather than an easy button ,\" he wrote in a blogpost .", "Cheap miniature versions of the unmanned aircraft used by the military could fall into the wrong hands , he told the UK 's Guardian newspaper . Quarrelling neighbours , he suggested , might end up buzzing each other with private surveillance drones . He also warned of the risk of terrorists using the new technology . Mr is believed to have close relations with US President , whom he advises on matters of science and technology . \" You 're having a dispute with your neighbour ,\" he told The Guardian in an interview printed on Saturday . \" How would you feel if your neighbour went over and bought a commercial observation drone that they can launch from their backyard . It just flies over your house all day . How would you feel about it ? \" Warning of mini-drones' potential as a terrorist weapon , he said : \" I 'm not going to pass judgment on whether armies should exist , but I would prefer to not spread and democratise the ability to fight war to every single human being . \" \" It 's got to be regulated ... It 's one thing for governments , who have some legitimacy in what they 're doing , but have other people doing it ... it 's not going to happen . \" Small drones , such as flying cameras , are already available worldwide , and non-military surveillance were recently introduced to track poachers in the remote Indian state of Assam . The US and Israel have led the way in recent years in using drones as weapons of war as well as for surveillance . America 's Federal Aviation Administration is currently exploring how commercial drones , or unmanned aircraft systems , can be safely introduced into US airspace .", ", 85 , suffered a head injury as and put her to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton . She died 23 days later . The workers delayed calling 999 and pretended Mrs knocked her head on the head board . They must do 160 hours' unpaid work and pay \u00c2 \u00a3 500 court costs each . The pair were not prosecuted for being responsible for the fall , but for being \" grossly negligent in their response \" . Mrs died in hospital after developing pneumonia . In sentencing , judge said it was impossible to say whether reporting the incident any earlier would have made any difference to Mrs 's eventual death . Her daughter , , said : \" I 'm appalled that that 's what they got for what happened to my mum . \" I 'm appalled that my mother 's life is only worth 12 months of a community order . \" Speaking after the court hearing Det Sgt said the pair had delayed calling an ambulance while they came up with a cover story . \" While [ and ] plotted , Mrs laid in bed with a serious head injury , her head bleeding onto the pillow ,\" she said . \" Most of us have relatives who are frail , disabled or vulnerable\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 we expect them to be cared for professionally and compassionately . \" , 40 , of Shartlands Close , Cotteridge , and , 31 , of Summerfield Crescent , Edgbaston , had pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing at Birmingham Crown Court to neglect and ill-treatment .", "The game features cards with a series of quiz questions , but some of the answers given are incorrect . One answer claims the moon is 225 miles away from the earth - instead of about 238,900 miles . Manufacturers said they \" unreservedly apologise \" and added replacement cards would be issued . It is understood at least six of the 50 answers in one round of the game - which costs \u00c2 \u00a3 19.99 - are incorrect . One answer placed Stonehenge in Somerset instead of Wiltshire and a maths question suggested two cubed was bigger than three squared . It also said died in 1949 instead of 1955 and gave the number of Coronation Street episodes to date as 8,000 , when the actual figure is more than 9,000 . One customer who bought the game told The Sun : \" I could n't believe it , the answers are so ridiculous ... [ but ] the kids wo n't accept the game could possibly be wrong . \" A representative for told the BBC : \" We have been made aware of some mistakes with the answers to the questions within the first production run of this game . \" \" These have now been corrected and we would like to unreservedly apologise for these errors . \" Any affected customer can email us stating their name and full address and we will send out a replacement set of corrected cards free of charge . \" The company 's email address is available on their official website . Ant & Dec - whose full names are and - have hosted Saturday Night Takeaway on ITV since 2002 , although the show took a four-year break from 2009 . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "Some 1,500 officers have been deployed to the Olympic Stadium area , authorities have said . Officials are in high alert following Tuesday 's attacks in Brussels . Last year , a friendly between Germany and the Netherlands in Hannover was called off two hours before its start due to a security threat , four days after the Paris attacks . One of the targets in Paris was the Stade de France , where Germany were playing France in a friendly match . Some 72,000 people are expected to attend Saturday 's match in Berlin between two of the favourites for June 's Euro 2016 . In the hours ahead of the game , fans gathered around the stadium amid a heavy security presence . They face security checks and bag searches before entering the arena . \" This is of course a very large event drawing lots of people . Like all large events , there is a certain risk involved , so we are well prepared ,\" Berlin police spokesman told Reuters news agency . \" We searched the Olympic stadium with dogs trained to sniff out explosives before we let the fans in . So we can be relatively certain that there are no dangerous objects in the stadium . \"", "The firm filed an application with the Hong Kong stock exchange on Thursday in a bid to boost growth in one of the world 's fastest growing movie markets . Imax 's China profits jumped nearly 30 % last year , according to the filing . It has been rapidly expanding in the Greater China region , nearly doubling the number of theatres since 2012 . March figures indicate Imax has 239 theatres in China , Hong Kong and Taiwan , but the company says it is planning to build another 219 theatres in China . News of the listing comes as box office revenue in the world 's second largest economy jumped 36 % last year to $ 4.9bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.2bn ) , which is nearly three times more than it was 2010 . The parent company is already listed in New York and its shares rose as much as 9 % after the announcement .", "Officers seized the Maserati GranCabrio - a basic model of which can cost up to \u00a3 100,000 new - on King 's Road in Kingston on suspicion of it having no insurance . The said the car was impounded and the owner would be summoned to court . If found guilty the owner , who has not been named , faces a minimum \u00a3 300 fine and six points on their licence A Kingston Police spokesman said the driver was pulled over because officers thought the car seemed very expensive for a learner to be driving . In March , a \" gold fleet \" including a Lamborghini Aventador , a Mercedes G63 6x6 and a Bentley Flying Spur were all spotted in Knightsbridge with parking tickets on their windscreens .", "\" It 's surreal , man , it really is ,\" said , the first Reds player to achieve the feat and who also tied a club record with 10 runs batted in . \" I 'm truly blessed . Being from here , born here . It 's an honour for sure . \" No player has ever hit more than four in a game - was the first , for Boston Beaneaters on 30 May , 1894 . was the most recent to tie the record , for Texas against Baltimore on 8 May , 2012 .", "was suspended in June 2014 by the county 's police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts in Northern Ireland . PCC said prosecutors had concluded there was no criminal case for the chief constable to answer . However , Mr will not return to his post immediately . In a statement , Mr said : \" There remains however a legal requirement for me to consider conduct matters in relation to the police standards of professional behaviour and an independent investigation will be carried out by Lancashire Police . \" While this conduct investigation takes place has agreed to work on a transition project for the National Police Chiefs' Council ( NPCC ) and to delegate day-to-day operational control of West Yorkshire Police to his deputy who has , in his absence , acted as the temporary chief constable . \" The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) had arrested a total of seven men on suspicion of offences including bribery , misconduct in public office and procuring misconduct in public office . Mr , originally from Belfast , joined the Royal Ulster Constabulary , the predecessor of the PSNI , in 1983 . He was appointed Chief Constable of West Yorkshire in April 2013 .", "He is the first American Secretary of State to visit the city . In a meeting with Somalia 's president under tight security at the airport , he said : \" Next time I come , we have to be able to just walk downtown \" . The US backs the Somali government in its fight against Islamist militant group al-Shabab , which still controls many rural parts of southern Somalia . African news as it happens : 5 May 2015 The meeting with President and civil leaders was held at Mogadishu airport , as Mr is n't leaving its heavily fortified perimeters . Mr said : \" I visited Somalia today because your country is turning around \" . The more recent changes he pointed out were Somali forces pushing al-Shabab out of big towns and a \" determined international effort \" to put virtually all of Somalia 's pirates out of business . BBC Somalia analyst says the US plays a crucial if controversial role in Somalia , supporting the weak central government in its fight against al-Shabab . Al-Shabab leaders have been killed in US drone strikes . Our correspondent points out that America is careful to take a less visible role than it did in the 1990s , when the bodies of US servicemen were dragged through the streets of Mogadishu .", ", 18 , was last seen near Blackpool Sands at 19:45 BST on Monday . Romanian Ms , from Exeter , had been \" at the beach for the afternoon with a male \" , said Devon and Cornwall Police . The force has carried out a major air and sea search with help from RNLI coastguards and Dartmoor Search and Rescue Group . Ms was last seen wearing a black coat with a red top underneath , blue jeans , and carrying a handbag . A force spokesman said : \" If anybody was in the area on Monday and saw a young female acting strangely then please get in touch . \"", ", 35 , denies murder but admits attacking , 79 , in Findon , near Worthing , last July , claiming diminished responsibility . Lewes Crown Court heard that rather than having Asperger 's syndrome he had an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness that was undiagnosed for years . Forensic psychiatrist Dr made the assessment after the stabbing . Mr , a retired solicitor , was stabbed after crashing at about 16mph into the back of Mr 's car on the A24 in West Sussex on 16 July . He was forced to brake suddenly after Mr made an emergency stop . The great-grandfather , who had recently been given the all-clear from prostate cancer , died at the scene . The trial has heard how Mr , formerly of St Elmo Road , Worthing , had been suffering from mental health problems for 10 years , and his family had \" pleaded \" with experts to section him . On Monday , Dr told jurors : \" It 's clear that the diagnosis of Asperger 's was wrong . \" He has an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness that was undiagnosed for many , many years . \" He said Mr was not psychotic every moment of every day , and he would often \" downplay \" his symptoms . However , Dr agreed that he exhibited \" narcissistic \" , \" histrionic \" and \" self-centred \" traits , adding that it was unlikely he would ever have complete resolution of his illness . Another expert , consultant forensic psychiatrist Dr , said he was satisfied on all the evidence he had seen that Mr was not psychotic at the time of the killing . Jurors also head from Mr 's father , who said his son had never been a violent person . described him as a \" nice guy \" who was affectionate to his family and animals . He said Mr was \" scrupulously honest in all his dealings with others , honest to a fault in that he finds it difficult to lie about things \" . He told the court that he first became worried about his son 's mental health when he reported hearing voices . Mr said he started a journal , partly to keep track of his son 's treatment . \" The second reason for having the document was , as time went on , it was clear that 's life expectations were draining away and I did n't want to be in my 80s and look back saying , ' What did I do '?\" The trial continues .", "The 48-year-old took had been in charge of Posh since replacing in September and lifted the club as high as the play-off places in January . But they have since fallen to 14th in the table and have lost four of their last five matches . Assistant will take charge for the final two games of the season . was asked by BBC Radio Cambridgeshire if he felt increased pressure following Saturday 's defeat and said : \" I come to work every day and feel pressure , I put pressure on myself . \" I do n't like losing football matches , but I know the job here . The job is to build long-term winning . \" Right now the job is to get our young players on the pitch , to give them a chance to succeed and to grow , and that 's what we 've done ( against Scunthorpe ) . \" There 'll be lessons learned by all of the players , and if we 're going to be a successful club next year , then we need the young players to step up to the plate and the experience now will be useful for them . \" The former Stevenage and Preston boss began his career at the ABAX Stadium with 10 wins from his first 14 matches in all competitions . However , after losing to West Brom in a FA Cup fourth-round replay on penalties and the January sale of forward , still the club 's top scorer this season with 15 , Posh lost six of their next seven league matches . After a brief run of three straight victories , the club 's form dipped again , leading chairman to say \" I employ over 300 people at Peterborough United , not one of those employees right now has a job in the summer \" . Earlier this week , also bemoaned his side 's poor discipline - the worst record in the Football League with 104 yellow cards and seven reds - saying it was costing them games . A brief statement on the Peterborough website read : \" The club would like to thank for his efforts on behalf of the football club . \" Chairman will take time to speak to prospective candidates for the vacant manager position . \"", "The new network will see up to 21 US-style local TV stations in areas including Belfast , Edinburgh , Cardiff and London . The service will be available to all terrestrial viewers and may also be offered on satellite , cable and online . Ofcom said it will decide on successful applicants this autumn , with the new channels expected to launch next year . Licences will be awarded based on a set of criteria including the provision of local news and current affairs , programme proposals , launch date and commercial viability . The 21 areas Ofcom have selected for local TV are : Belfast , Birmingham , Brighton & Hove , Bristol , Cardiff , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Grimsby , Leeds , Liverpool and London . Manchester , Newcastle , Norwich , Nottingham , Oxford , Plymouth , Preston , Sheffield , Southampton and Swansea will also benefit from the service . The areas were selected for having sufficient levels of interest from potential operators and being technically capable of receiving a local TV service . The BBC Trust also published the final details of its funding contribution for the network . As part of the current licence fee settlement , the BBC agreed to contribute up to \u00c2 \u00a3 25 million for the successful bidder to build the network . \" I hope to see some really exciting bids for new local TV channels ,\" UK Culture Secretary said . \" Local TV will not only create jobs but it will also provide communities with news and content that is relevant to their daily lives . \"", "The pilot was flying solo during a training flight on Thursday and radioed for assistance while returning to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire . The Hawk jet was promptly joined by another aircraft from the same squadron as a wingman to provide guidance . They then flew in formation and landed safely . The RAF has offered no further details on the condition of the pilot . A spokesman said : \" Flying in formation , and conducting an approach to land as a formation , is a daily skill practised by RAF fast jet pilots . \"", "New Healthway , a book on hygiene and health aimed at 11 and 12 year-olds , is printed by one of India 's leading publishers . Academics have urged the government to exercise greater control . But the authorities say schools should monitor content as they are responsible for the choice of textbooks . \" This is poisonous for children ,\" of the Faculty of Education at Jamia Millia University in Delhi told the BBC . \" The government has the power to take action , but they are washing their hands of it ,\" she said . It is not known which Indian schools have bought the book for their students , but correspondents say what is worrying is that such a book is available to students . \" The strongest argument that meat is not essential food is the fact that the Creator of this Universe did not include meat in the original diet for Adam and Eve . He gave them fruits , nuts and vegetables ,\" reads a chapter entitled Do We Need Flesh Food ? The chapter details the \" benefits \" of a vegetarian diet and goes on to list \" some of the characteristics \" found among non-vegetarians . \" They easily cheat , tell lies , forget promises , they are dishonest and tell bad words , steal , fight and turn to violence and commit sex crimes ,\" it says . The chapter , full of factual inaccuracies , refers to Eskimos ( Inuit ) as \" lazy , sluggish and short-lived \" , because they live on \" a diet largely of meat \" . It adds : \" The Arabs who helped in constructing the Suez Canal lived on wheat and dates and were superior to the beef-fed Englishmen engaged in the same work . \" The publishers , , did not respond to the BBC 's requests for a comment .", "The pedestrian was hit at the Texaco garage on Roman Farm Road , Hengrove , on Tuesday evening and trapped by the car until it stopped on Creswicke Road . , 30 , of Chipping Sodbury , is due before Bristol Crown Court on Friday . He was remanded in custody . The victim , , died at the scene from his injuries . His mother , , said in a family statement : \" We would like to thank the public and the emergency services for all their support on Tuesday night . \" We would ask the media for privacy at this time to allow us to grieve in peace . \"", "23 March 2017 Last updated at 14:55 GMT", "was widely seen as the architect of 's 2010 and 2014 election victories . He has denied receiving bribes in a scheme to divert funds from the state-run oil company Petrobras . About 50 Brazilian politicians , including the leader of the lower house of Congress , are under investigation in the Petrobras corruption scandal . Mr is accused of receiving bribes from several large engineering conglomerates . Analysts say the charge against him is a further blow for President who is facing impeachment proceedings . He was arrested in February after he returned from the Dominican Republic , where he was working on the re-election campaign of President . Because of his proximity to her , the arrest is expected to damaged her standing further , even though impeachment proceedings against her are not related to the Petrobras corruption investigation . A former journalist , Mr is well known for producing dramatic , big-budget campaign videos appealing to poorer voters . Mr had called the accusations \" unfounded \" . And he had harsh words for the investigation , saying that Brazil was currently living in a \" climate of persecution \" . If the investigating judge accepts the allegations against him , Mr will be jailed . In Brasilia , a special Senate commission has begun hearings ahead of a vote on whether the whole Senate should take on impeachment proceedings against President . A plenary Senate vote is widely expected to take place around 11 May . Across the country , pro-government supporters blocked major roads in cities in nine Brazilian states during Thursday 's morning rush-hour to call for the halt of impeachment proceedings against President . In Sao Paulo , the city saw hundreds of kilometres of traffic jams which formed behind roadblocks of burning tyres .", "The appeal , from Interpol , is part of an effort to track down individuals involved in illegal fishing , logging and wildlife trafficking . The trade in wildlife crime is said to be worth around $ 213bn per annum , according to the UN . This is the first time that individuals have been targeted . Investigators from 21 countries gathered at Interpol 's headquarters in France in October to share information on suspects involved in a range of crimes involving the environment . Called Operation Infra Terra , the agency is now asking for assistance from the public in tracking down nine key suspects . \" Even the smallest detail , which you might think is insignificant , has the potential to break a case wide open when combined with other evidence the police already have ,\" said , from Interpol . \" Sometimes all it takes is a fresh pair of eyes to bring new momentum to an investigation and provide the missing clue which will help locate these wanted individuals , some of whom have been evading justice for years ,\" he added . One of those named is , alleged to be the leader of an ivory smuggling ring in Kenya . He is being sought in connection with the seizure of 314 ivory pieces , weighing well over two tonnes in Mombasa in June . Others on the list include who was charged with an attempt to smuggle over 100 live animals , including giraffes and impalas , to Qatar on a military plane . is alleged to have been involved in illegal tuna fishing in protected waters off Costa Rica . The move has been welcomed by Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) . They are concerned not just with the impact of environmental crime on species but also with the effect on political stability . \" Countries are increasingly treating wildlife crime as a serious offence , and we will leave no stone unturned to locate and arrest these criminals to ensure that they are brought to justice ,\" said from Cites . \" The public can play a crucial role in this collective effort , they our eyes and ears on the ground . Their support can help ensure that the offenders face the full might of the law and are punished appropriately . \" Member of the public who have any information on the possible location of the fugitives can use this form to contact Interpol . Information can also be given anonymously to any national crime stoppers programme . Follow Matt on Twitter @ mattmcgrathbbc .", "The preliminary Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index ( PMI ) fell to 47 in September , below forecasts of 47.5 and down from 47.3 in August . A reading below 50 indicates contraction in the sector , while one above shows expansion . The Shanghai Composite dropped 2.2 % to 3,115.89 on the disappointing data . The private survey also marked the seventh consecutive month of contraction in the sector . In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index closed down 2.3 % at 21,302.91 . Japanese markets are closed for a three-day public holiday and will reopen on Thursday . In Australia , shares in mining companies were hit by falling commodity prices . Oil prices continued to decline after US crude fell 2 % overnight on global growth concerns , while copper prices slipped further on slowing Chinese demand . Sydney 's S & P / ASX 200 index closed down 2.1 % at 4,998.10 . In South Korea , the Kospi index ended 1.9 % lower at 1,944.64 following the release of the data from China .", "The 40-year-old former New Zealand player is currently forwards coach at Clermont Auvergne and he previously held a similar position at Leinster . will work under director of rugby Les Kiss , while current head coach 's future is unclear . \" The respect I have for as a coach and person was one of my main reasons for making this decision ,\" said . Ulster are sixth in the Pro12 table and out of the European Champions Cup in what has been a largely disappointing season . \" sold his vision of where he wants to take Ulster over the next few years ,\" added . \" Ulster is a team that I know well , having come up against them on a number of occasions . The Clermont-Ulster games this season gave me an insight into the strengths of the squad and it 's exciting to think that I 'll be part of that environment from next season . \" , who joined Leinster in 2008 and won three Heineken Cups during his spell in Dublin , said : \" With six years at Leinster and three at Clermont in the Top 14 , I 've been afforded many different experiences , working with some very talented coaches and players . \" I hope to apply what I 've learned to the role at Ulster and my family and I are looking forward to integrating into a strong community in Belfast . \" He moved to France in 2014 and was part of a coaching set-up that guided Clermont to the Top 14 and Champions Cup finals in his debut season . \" 's CV speaks for itself and I know that he 's looking forward to joining Ulster and working with the team ,\" said , 52 . \" Since his retirement from playing , has had an integral role in the coaching teams of two of European rugby 's most successful sides . \" 's expertise as a forwards coach is obvious , however his wealth of knowledge in other areas of the game will be really important for us . \" \" A review of the coaching structure is ongoing ahead of next season and the appointment of as head coach is the first part of that process . \" A further announcement will be made in the coming weeks , which will focus on getting the right balance in our coaching team . \"", "Two were picked up by a coastguard helicopter high up on the 3,196ft ( 974 metre ) Munro . Lomond Mountain Rescue Team located two others on the lower slopes . Mountain weather forecasters were predicting winds of up to 80mph with frequent snow showers at summit level in western Scotland for Wednesday .", "The $ 43bn (\u00a3 33bn ) deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover by a Chinese company . The deal was cleared by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) which checks deals for national security implications . About a quarter of Syngenta 's sales are in North America . China National Chemical Corporation offered $ 465 per share for Syngenta in February . Syngenta 's shares subsequently fell to about 20 % below that because of concerns that CFIUS would not clear the deal . However , now competition authorities elsewhere are expected to give the deal the go-ahead . In a joint statement , Syngenta and ChemChina said : \" In addition to CFIUS clearance , the closing of the transaction is subject to anti-trust review by numerous regulators around the world and other customary closing conditions . \" Both companies are working closely with the regulatory agencies involved and discussions remain constructive . The proposed transaction is expected to close by the end of the year . \" When the deal was announced earlier this year , Syngenta chairman said that it would help the company 's pesticides and seeds business to expand further in China . \" ChemChina has a very ambitious vision of the industry in the future ,\" he said . \" Obviously it is very interested in securing food supply for 1.5 billion people and as a result knows that only technology can get them there . \" The Chinese company owns a variety of businesses , included the Italian tyre maker Pirelli , German machinery-maker KarussMaffei and Israel 's biggest pesticides producer . The deal would be the second-biggest takeover in the chemicals industry in the past year after the $ 130bn Dow Chemical-DuPont merger announced last December .", "The 32-year-old had been playing in the Isthmian Premier Division with Leatherhead following his release by Newport at the end of last season . has made 260 appearances in spells with nine clubs , including Chelsea , Watford and Millwall . Forest Green are currently second in the National League table , one point behind leaders Cheltenham Town . could make his Rovers debut when they host Aldershot on Friday .", "The crash , which happened at the Rising Sun in North Bradley near Trowbridge at about 06:00 GMT , left a huge hole in the front of the building . Wiltshire Police said the driver was taken to Bath 's Royal United Hospital for treatment to his injuries , which are not thought to be serious . Nobody was inside at the time of the crash , officers said . The building has been deemed to be structurally safe . The road next to the pub was closed for several hours but has since reopened .", "has made 14 appearances for the Cod Army since joining on loan in October , and recently agreed to extend his stay until the end of the season . The 22-year-old signed for Leicester from Port Vale in 2014 , but did not feature for the first team . \" I 'm delighted that it 's all been done now and I can concentrate on my football ,\" he told the club website . \" I stated from the start that I 'd be really interested in staying with the club , and I 'm just over the moon to be here now . \" The length of Davis' deal with Fleetwood has not been disclosed . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The former Scotland Under-21 international was released by Crystal Palace after he failed to make an appearance during his two years . , 23 , spent three months on loan at National League side Bromley last season , playing 14 times . He is the sixth new signing since Northern Ireland assistant was appointed as manager . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The week-long pre-trial hearing at Guantanamo Bay will largely focus on issues of secrecy . is accused of masterminding the attacks while the others are implicated for providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking . In May , a chaotic hearing in the case lasted 13 hours . During that hearing , which formally charged the five men , the defendants made defiant outbursts and refused to answer the judge 's questions or use the translation system . In addition to , defendants , , and are being prosecuted in a special military tribunal for wartime offences known as a military commission . They are charged with conspiring with al-Qaeda , terrorism , and one count of murder for each known victim of the 11 September attacks at the time the charges were filed - 2,976 in total . The five face a possible death penalty sentence if convicted . CIA waterboarding tapes revealed On Monday , the defendants listened calmly and answered the judge 's questions , although Sheikh said : \" I do n't think there 's any justice in this court . \" Defence lawyers argued during the hearing that their clients should not be forced to attend the rest of the week 's hearings , because the forcible transport from their high-security cells may remind them of their time at secret CIA prisons . Before their transfer to the US base at Guantanamo Bay in 2006 , the defendants were held for years in secret CIA prisons . All five have said they were tortured during interrogations . was repeatedly water-boarded before being brought to Guantanamo . \" We have to talk about torture ,\" Air Force Captain , a defence lawyer , said on Monday . But Judge said the issue was not relevant at this stage . Prosecution lawyers have said the use of waterboarding and similar methods could be relevant when determining whether prisoners' statements were voluntarily given . The court is also expected to hear a defence request to abolish what they term a \" presumptive classification \" that treats any discussion of the CIA prisons as top secret , as well as a media request to limit closing of the courtroom for secret sessions . Judge ultimately ruled that the defendants would not be forced to attend hearings scheduled to run through the end of this week , but did not rule out further pre-trial hearings . He said all would have to be present for their trial , which is not likely to start for more than a year .", "The star is up for the main prize , album of the year , for her ambitious visual album , Lemonade , which tackles themes of race and female identity . Her single Formation is also up for song and record of the year . In all three categories , she is up against - who previously won the ceremony 's top three prizes in 2012 . now has 62 Grammy nominations across her work as a solo artist and as part of Destiny 's Child , making her the fourth most-nominated artist ever . She has won 20 trophies altogether , although she has yet to clinch the album of the year prize , having been beaten to the title by in 2015 - much to the disgust of , who stormed the stage in protest . receives eight nominations this year for his album The Life Of Pablo - all in the rap categories . and also have eight nominations , including three for their hit collaboration , Work . Making Grammy history is Chicago-born musician Chance The Rapper , whose album Coloring Book is the first streaming-only record to be recognised by the Recording Academy . He achieves seven nominations , including best new artist , without ever releasing a physical album or digital download . and go head to head with , and country star in the best album category . If wins , she will become only the second woman to receive the best album prize twice , after . Notably absent from the shortlist is , who was tipped to win for his critically-acclaimed Blackstar album . The record does make an appearance in the best alternative album category , as does Radiohead 's A Moon Shaped Pool . Coldplay have also fared badly , receiving just one nomination - best music video - despite selling millions of copies of their latest album , A Head Full Of Dreams . Prince receives a posthumous nomination for his final album , Hit N Run Phase Two , in the best engineered , non-classical category , where Blackstar also makes the shortlist . British star will host the 2017 Grammy Awards , which take place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on Sunday , 12 February . Album Of The Year Record Of The Year Song Of The Year Best New Artist Best alternative album Best pop album Best rap album Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "said a stadium would \" inspire young people , brings jobs and wealth \" to the county . Labour said it was a \" cynical \" attempt to distract voters , the Liberal Democrats questioned where the funds would come from , and Mebyon Kernow said it did not believe the Tory 's promise . Recent planning rows have left the future of the stadium in question . In March , Cornwall councillors deferred a decision to grant permission to build a supermarket that would have paid for the facility , which supporters claimed had put the plans in jeopardy . Revised proposals for the stadium at West Langarth are expected to be submitted to the council in May . Mr said he planned to get the Department of Culture , Media and Sport to work with Sport England , Cornwall Council and local sports teams to find a way to get it built . \" The stadium proposal is an exciting one . If it takes some extra money I 'd make that money available ,\" he added . However , , Labour candidate for Truro and Falmouth , said : \" This announcement today is a cynical empty promise and will come to nothing . \" It is simply more smoke and mirrors and people wo n't be taken for fools by this unfunded distraction . \" , who is standing for the Lib Dems in the constituency , told BBC News : \" I 'm massively in favour of a stadium in the right place if we can get the money . \" But it 's like the Conservative promises on the NHS , they 're not saying where the money 's going to come from . \" , who is standing for Mebyon Kernow in Truro and Falmouth , said : \" You have to excuse me if I do n't believe a single syllable of any promise during the election campaign . \" Click here for more information on the constituency and a full list of candidates .", ", 28 , is considering an offer that would make him the highest paid player in United 's history . The England striker is in the final 18 months of his \u00a3 250,000-a-week contract and Chelsea boss remains interested in signing him . United and hope to conclude contract talks in the coming week . , who joined United from Everton in August 2004 , is the fourth-highest goalscorer in United history . However , according to former United manager Sir , asked for a transfer towards the end of last season . He was linked with a move to Chelsea last summer and the Blues had a bid rejected by United . scored 11 goals in 24 games for United this season before being sidelined by an injury which has kept him out since 1 January .", "The 25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U 's last season , but has not played a game this term . The Stags say the deal contains an option to agree a permanent move . \" This is a young man who I first tried to sign when he was scoring goals in the Scottish Premier League for Dundee ,\" manager told the club website . Media playback is not supported on this device Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The aircraft , nicknamed \" Bette \" after one of its pilot 's girlfriends , was built in 1941 from donations from the Borough of Lambeth Spitfire Fund . It was stationed in Cornwall , Hampshire , Norfolk and Shropshire during the war but crashed in 1944 . Bidding stalled below its \u00c2 \u00a3 120,000 to \u00c2 \u00a3 150,000 valuation . The aircraft saw service with four RAF squadrons between 1941 and 1944 and was flown by author , who gave it the name and added a character from the Daily Mirror cartoon strip ' Just Jake ' to the paint work . After it crashed in Shropshire in September 1944 , killing its Australian pilot , its wreckage was taken to Ibsley museum , Ringwood , Hampshire and displayed . The aircraft was later passed to a collector who showed it at events . It has also been immortalised by modelmakers Airfix and Revell . , from Historics at Brooklands , said : \" The historical side of war birds is an up-and-coming market . There are now about 42 flying Spitfires and this seems to be increasing ever year . \" The rarity , the history and the provenance of all these aircraft make them very investable items and they 're investments that can be used and enjoyed by a lot of people . \" Experts believe it would cost about \u00c2 \u00a3 1.8m to fully restore the plane .", "The boar - which has a moving head - is one of a number of animated replica creatures at Mountfitchet Castle . Staff at the site , an open air museum , were surprised to find two nests had been created next to the arc of its belly . Owner said seeing the hatched chicks on Thursday morning had been a \" lovely surprise \" for staff . He said it remained unclear why the hens had made the nests next to the boar , though it was likely they chose it because it was a secluded spot with straw , and perhaps for a sense of protection from the replica animal The chicks have been seen playing on top of the boar 's back and head .", "While it limits recruitment from outside the EU , it has \" stimulated recruitment \" from EU countries , the home affairs select committee said . Net migration rose by 30 % in the year to June , to 336,000 - more than three times 's intended target . The PM has said he will not abandon his aim to reduce the figure to 100,000 . Under the immigration cap , introduced in 2011 , the number of \" tier 2 \" visas issued to skilled workers from non-EU countries is limited to 20,700 a year . But a report by the select committee concluded the limit had been \" counter-productive \" . It added that \" a large number \" of applications from nurses with job offers in the UK were being rejected because of limits on the number of visas issued each month . Committee chairman said the government 's immigration cap was having \" no effect \" on bringing down net migration - the difference between those coming into the country and those going out each year - but \" could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter \" . He said : \" When the cap was reached earlier this year , we saw the perverse effects of the system , as the cap prioritises higher-paid jobs . \" In June , nurses were being prevented from working in the UK , which necessitated the government taking emergency measures to allow recruitment to continue . \" Whilst this was a very welcome move , it is clear to see that the system could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter . \" A system which encourages panicked adjustments to be functional is not fit for purpose . Nurses should remain on the shortage occupation list . \" A total of 641,000 people moved to the UK in 2014 , the Office for National Statistics said .", "The breakdown service , which also reported a rise in personal memberships of 0.4 % to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of January , said it had so far absorbed the price rise . Insurance premium tax ( IPT ) was 6 % in 2015 , but is going up to 12 % from June . The AA said it would look at its fees if the tax increased again . \" We have managed to protect our members ,\" the AA explained . \" But this is an industry-wide challenge and we will need to review our pricing policy in the context of any future increase in IPT . \" The increase in memberships - an \" important milestone \" , according to the company - halted a long-standing drop in figures . It came after the AA signed up more members , with a 19 % rise in new business year-on-year , and kept more existing customers , with its retention rate improving to 82 % . It added that there was a 5 % rise in the number of breakdown call-outs in the 12 months to the end of January , again reversing a trend of gradual decline , which it described as \" unhelpful for costs in the short term \" . However , the company explained that this did increase the chances of people renewing their membership . The AA has been investing in technology , with more than a fifth of its members ( 22 %) using its app in breakdowns , while its newly-launched in-house underwriter recorded 115,000 car insurance policies in its first year , more than expected .", "made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury . In the UK , an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April . However , this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable , determined by the moon 's cycle . Easter is the most important Christian festival , as it celebrates the resurrection of following his death by crucifixion on Good Friday . The archbishop said he was in talks with Pope , Coptic leader , and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch . Mr said he hoped the change would happen \" in between five and 10 years time \" . \" I would love to see it before I retired \" , he said , although he warned the first attempt to make such a change was in the 10th Century . An Anglican source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a common date since then . Easter is on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox , meaning it can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April . But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar , hence has later Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity . In 1990 , the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date , which was subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments . It has not yet been reached .", "The anti-IS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently said a water pumping station had been hit , along with the Taj Hall and Furousiya area . IS-linked news agency Amaq also said Raqqa 's water supply had been cut . Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot , a chemical weapons factory and a training camp . A defence ministry statement said the strikes had inflicted \" significant damage \" and that a large number of militants had been killed . Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently ( RBSS ) , whose activists have reported on developments on the ground in Raqqa since IS militants seized control of the city in early 2014 , said the water pumping station hit in Thursday 's strikes was located in the nearby village of Kasrat . Residents found their water had been cut off \" totally \" afterwards , it added . Amaq also reported the \" interruption of the water supply in all neighbourhoods \" . RBSS said 20 civilians had been killed and 50 others wounded in the air strikes , but the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll higher . It said 24 civilians had died , along with six others whose identities could not yet be confirmed . Raqqa , estimated to have a population of between 250,000 and 500,000 , has become the de facto capital of the \" caliphate \" whose creation was proclaimed by IS two years ago after it took control of large swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq . IS militants are currently under pressure from two separate offensives west and north-west of Raqqa by Russian-backed Syrian government forces and an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters supported by the US .", "The 22-year-old has not appeared for Shrewsbury this season , but has played once for Mansfield Town and four times for Wrexham while on loan . Bolton youth product has also played for Blackpool and has loan spells with Accrington and Chester before joining Shrewsbury in 2014 . follows , 33 , in signing for the National League side . The centre-back , who played 101 games for the club during his first spell , has left Stevenage and signed a contract until the end of the 2016-17 season .", "Kirklees Council had been consulting on plans to replace paid staff at seven sites in Huddersfield with volunteers . Protesters who gathered outside a council meeting on Wednesday said a survey had showed 66 % of people were opposed to the plan . The council later said there would be no changes for three years . Campaigners said the decision was \" wonderful \" . The changes would have affected libraries at Honley , Golcar , Slaithwaite , Lepton , Kirkheaton , Denby Dale and Shepley . Campaigner said replacing professional library staff with volunteers was not sustainable and was likely to have led to library closures . , of Save Slaithwaite Library , said : \" It 's wonderful for our communities and we are going to be drinking champagne for the next week . \"", "Like-for-like sales were up by 4.9 % during the quarter compared with a year earlier , in part due to the continued success of meal deals . The company said it would continue to benefit from \" low cost pressures and a stronger consumer environment \" . But it warned that wage pressures could drive costs up next year . Chief executive told the BBC that the chain already paid staff more than the national minimum wage , but that rising labour costs would lead to \" longer term inflationary pressure \" . He said the business would \" look for cost efficiencies to offset \" any rising costs , but added that labour costs \" held no fear for us \" . Shares in Greggs opened sharply higher and continued to climb in afternoon trading . \" The good times continue to roll for Greggs , with the bakery chain posting an impressive third quarter performance , following on from a dynamic 51.3 % increase in first half pre-tax profits ,\" said at retail analyst Conlumino . The chain said meal deals , where customers can buy a drink together with food at a discount , were proving popular , particularly at breakfast time . Greggs has refitted 158 stores this year , while opening 65 and closing 47 . The company now has 1,668 outlets . \" We have the High Street pretty well covered ,\" Mr said , so most new openings would be in other areas , such as motorway services and garage forecourts .", "won aboard , who was a late replacement when contracted an infection in July . France 's took silver and American won bronze as GB 's finished 12th . , 47 , was competing just 10 months after being placed in an induced coma following a fall . The three-time Olympic medallist , aboard Chilli Morning , produced a faultless performance in Tuesday 's final show-jumping phase . But the former world number one 's medal bid had already been ruined by a disappointing performance in the cross-country phase on Monday . He led after the dressage phase , but dropped to 21st after incurring several time penalties in the cross country . Ireland 's finished ninth on . Why not come along , meet and ride the mechanical horse at some of the Official Team GB fan parks during the Rio Olympics ? Find out how to get into equestrian with our special guide . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "A stake in a local energy business could cost from just \u00c2 \u00a3 5 , and the industry says it could generate an annual return of between 6 % and 9 % . The scheme aims to reduce local opposition to renewable energy development . It has been developed by the renewable industry alongside community groups . The Shared Ownership Taskforce plan follows similar programmes in Denmark which have been running for more than two decades . It applies to anything entering the planning system from Monday . More than 70 % of people in the UK nationally say they like wind farms , according to a government survey . However , proximity often provokes a different response and the wind farms are frequently considered a blot on the landscape . The government previously insisted that wind farm developers should give local communities \u00c2 \u00a3 5,000 a year for every megawatt of energy installed - to support local initiatives . The taskforce goes further by insisting that any new applications entering the planning system must offer to sell part of their business to locals - somewhere between 5 and 25 % . This can be in the form of directly-owned shares , crowd-funding or debentures . , Chief Executive , Renewable Energy Association welcomes the plan . She told BBC News : \" Elsewhere in Europe this is commonplace , so we 're very pleased the UK is also working towards this vision of a more open energy market . \" The scheme has been promoted by the Energy and Climate Change Secretary , . He said : \" Community energy is revolutionising renewable energy development in the UK , and shared ownership will offer people the opportunity to buy in to the green energy that their own communities are producing . \" The Vice-Chair of the Taskforce and an associate of Co-operatives UK , , said : \" We know from our experience at grass roots level that there 's a substantial appetite among local communities to invest in renewable energy . \" There are , though , still likely to be areas where local people will prefer to keep their uninterrupted view than to cash in a regular dividend cheque . Local groups facing shale gas developments in their area may regard the renewables scheme with interest . Follow on Twitter @ rharrabin", "The injured pets needed amputations following air rifle attacks in Cranleigh , Guildford and Woking in March and April . Police said , of in Farncombe , faces eight charges of criminal damage and eight of a firearms offence . A five-year-old cat called was shot in the spine and put down by vets . Another cat in Cranleigh survived but lost her eye . Police said Mr had been released on bail and is due to appear before Guildford magistrates on 9 August .", ", 27 , from Coventry , got caught in a rip current and died at Crantock beach , Cornwall on 15 August . Crantock Parish Council told the duchy in April it was \" extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public \" . The duchy said new warning signs were put up in 2016 and it planned to \" see what more can possibly be done \" . More on this story , and other Devon and Cornwall news The duchy was involved in a series of meetings and concluded there was no \" simple solution \" as the area had protected status , and that re-engineering the course of a river was a complicated and long process with no guarantees of success . The council said the beach had become more dangerous since a breakwater was damaged by storms in 2015 , causing the River Gannel to change course . Earlier this month 11 bodyboarders had to be rescued at the same beach . The council said : \" Since the river diverted , very significant movements of sand have occurred that have made bathing conditions extremely dangerous at certain states of tide and sea condition \" . The council met the duchy , the National Trust and the Marine Management Organisation on 27 January to discuss the issue but no repairs were authorised . It also wrote a letter to the duchy in April saying it remained \" extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public at large on a very busy beach , especially in the summer , and the possibility of an unfortunate , and potentially fatal , situation occurring \" . RNLI lifeguard supervisor said after the recent death : \" Crantock beach has some unpredictable currents at the moment due to the topography of the beach constantly changing . \" The duchy , which has land in 23 counties and funds the activities of the Prince of Wales , expressed its condolences and said in a statement : \" In 2016 new signs were installed to alert people to the danger of strong currents and other risks . \" We plan to meet again with the parish council , National Trust and other stakeholders to see what more can possibly be done . \" The National Trust , which has responsibility for the beach above the high water mark , said it had categorised Crantock as a \" higher risk \" beach , \" on account of the river running across the beach and the resulting rip current \" . At high tide the sea covers Crantock beach , leaving sand dunes and a car park at the top of the beach .", "The US economy grew at an annual rate of 0.2 % in the first three months of the year , far lower than forecasts . The Federal Reserve also kept interest rates at a record low , blaming the slower growth on \" transitory factors \" . Japan 's Nikkei 225 was down 2.7 % to 19,520.21 , its biggest loss in nearly four months . The market extended losses after Bank of Japan left its monetary policy unchanged , while lacklustre company earnings also had their impact on the benchmark index . Shares in Honda fell 6.7 % after it announced a fall in profit for the fiscal year to March , as it deals with recalls following exploding air-bags . Drug maker Takeda shares fell 3 % after it warned it would make a loss because of a $ 2.4bn US legal settlement linked to its Actos diabetes drug . Chinese shares headed lower with Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index falling 0.9 % to 28,157.71 , while the Shanghai Composite was 0.6 % lower at 4,449.17 . Shares of AAC Technologies in Hong Kong fell 5.2 % after a report in the Wall Street Journal that the Apple Watch had defective component , which was supplied by the Chinese company . In Australia , the benchmark S & P / ASX 200 ended down 0.8 % at 5,790 . South Korea 's benchmark Kospi index closed down 0.7 % at 2,127.17 - marking its fifth consecutive day of losses . Government data showed that the country 's industrial output fell by a seasonally adjusted 0.4 % in March from February - missing market expectations .", "A draw was inevitable after only 86.2 overs were possible on the first four days after heavy rain in Sydney . The West Indies , who resumed on 248-7 , were 330 all out before hit an 82-ball century , the quickest ever at Sydney , as Australia reached 176-2 . Australia were already 2-0 up in the series , but the draw stops them from moving top of the Test rankings . The opening two hours of the final day were also lost to rain but was able to complete his second half century of the match before he was caught by off . Fellow off-spinner had ( 15 ) caught at short leg by to leave the tourists 300-9 . Lyon than snaffled a catch at point as removed for 13 to finish with a Test best 3-63 . In reply , brought up his half century in just 42 balls with a six off but the West Indies spinner did remove , who lofted a catch to at mid-on to depart for 26 . ( 21 ) top-edged a sweep to at slip to gift ( 2-62 ) a second wicket . By then had completed his 16th Test century but both sides elected to end the game as a draw midway through the final session .", "Meanwhile more than 30,000 people in the eastern city of Halle have been told to leave their homes after rivers reached their highest level in 400 years . Floodwater is also threatening parts of Austria and the Czech Republic . At least 13 people have died and two are missing as a result of the floods . Rising waters have been triggered by heavy rain following a wet spring . Eight deaths were recorded in the Czech Republic and three in Germany , while two people were reported dead and two missing in Austria , according to a European Commission update on Tuesday evening . Parts of Germany have not seen such severe flooding in centuries . However , in the Czech Republic , the water level has stabilised in the capital Prague , where there had been fears of a repeat of disasters in 2002 and 1997 . Helicopters started removing residents from their homes in Deggendorf on Wednesday after two levees along the Danube and Isar rivers broke . Firefighter said the floodwater in the Bavarian town was 3m ( 9.8ft ) high . \" This is a life-threatening situation ,\" he was quoted as saying by Germany 's DPA news agency . Four farmers were rescued at the very last minute by a helicopter before their tractor was submerged , he added . German newspapers said water levels in the eastern city of Halle were at their highest for four centuries . Officials said the city was in acute danger after floodwaters from the Saale river damaged a section of dykes . The level of the River Elbe in the historic German city of Dresden , where at least 600 people were evacuated , is not expected to peak until Thursday morning . Coaches reportedly ferried people out the town of Muhlberg , about 40km ( 25 miles ) northwest of Dresden , as thousands were told to leave on Wednesday afternoon . Chemical plants next to the swollen rivers have been shut down and their chemicals removed over safety concerns , the Associated Press reports . Meanwhile , the floods were receding in the south German city of Passau . People could be seen sweeping up muck from their streets . In the Austrian city of Krems , emergency workers have been shoring up a dyke under threat from the swollen Danube . Thousands of people left their homes in the Czech Republic in recent days as floodwater threatened to overwhelm flood barriers . In the low-lying industrial city of Usti nad Labem , the River Elbe spilled over the 10m-high ( 33ft-high ) metal flood barriers . The main rail link connecting Prague and Berlin in Germany have been underwater , with trains being diverted . Anti-flood barriers have reportedly gone up to protect the Czech capital 's zoo after it was badly hit , causing animals to be evacuated .", "The incident took place close to Caernarfon 's Crown Court and fire station just before 09:00 BST on Thursday . The mother-of-five was airlifted to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent . North Wales Police has said her 46-year-old partner has been arrested . \" This is being treated as a domestic-related crime but I would like to reassure the community that a swift arrest was made ,\" said Det Chf Insp . The Welsh Ambulance Service said they were called at 09:00 BST to reports that a woman had been assaulted . Police said the victim remains in a serious but stable condition . Forensic investigations are being carried out at the location , which links nearby estates to a local primary and secondary school .", "Police were called to Oxlow Lane , Dagenham , at 23:00 BST on Saturday after reports of a street fight . Officers recovered three large knives , scissors and cannabis from the \" large and unpredictable \" crowd , they said . Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and the other on suspicion of an assault on police . Scotland Yard said no one had been injured at the event . Insp said : \" By getting these knives off the street when they did , my officers have helped save lives and prevented another needless tragedy . \"", "said in a speech he was downbeat over the UK economy because of weaker global growth , low wage growth and financial and political risks . \" Put in rather plainer English , I am gloomier ,\" Mr said . \" This implies interest rates could remain lower for longer , certainly than I had expected three months ago . \" Global markets have tumbled this week , with investors disconcerted at the lack of growth in Europe and especially Greece , the impact of Ebola , and worrying economic data from China and the US . Previously , UK interest rates had been expected to rise early next year . Mr made his remarks at a speech to local business leaders in Kenilworth , where he described the UK 's economy as \" writhing in both agony and ecstasy \" . He said there were still plenty of reasons to be cheerful . Growth is set to be the fastest of any major economy this year and inflation and borrowing costs are low , he said . However , he said the \" reasons to be fearful \" included productivity and wages , which had not risen . \" If there is genuine uncertainty about the path of the economy , the optimal policy response may be to avoid the worst outcomes ,\" said Mr . Sterling dropped 0.5 % against the dollar following his remarks . Share trading on the London market has been volatile . Mr 's caution about global economic prospects were echoed by the Chancellor , , who told the BBC that the worldwide economy was \" more unstable than it has been for some time \" . Mr would not comment on Mr 's remarks . But he said there were \" a lot of global risks out there at the moment \" affecting the international economy . \" Interest rates are entirely a matter for the independent Bank of England , the monetary policy committee there ,\" Mr said . He added : \" I 'll say this about the economy more generally - there are clearly a lot of global risks out there at the moment - we see these problems in the European economy , we 've got this horrific disease Ebola in West Africa , all the problems in the Middle East and in the Ukrainian border . \" The global economy is more unstable than it has been for some time . That is all the more reason why in the UK we have to stick to the stability we have won . \" He said it was important to \" make sure Britain is well protected as we 're in these stormy international economic waters \" . Earlier this month , Mr warned that the eurozone slowdown will impact UK economy .", "The Taiwanese firm , also known as Foxconn Technology , posted a net profit of NT $ 37bn ($ 1.2bn ; \u00c2 \u00a3 814m ) in the October to December quarter . It also reported a 16 % jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT $ 94.8bn . Foxconn is the world 's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one of its biggest clients . According to some estimates , orders from Apple account for almost half of Foxconn 's total revenue . In the October to December quarter , Apple had sold 47.8 million iPhones , up from 37 million a year earlier . Meanwhile , the launch of iPad mini , also boosted sales of its tablet PCs - it sold 22.9 million iPads , compared with 15.4 million in the same period in 2011 . However , the heavy reliance on Apple has also raised concerns that Foxconn 's growth may slow in the coming months . Some analysts said the rapid rate of growth that smartphones and tablet PCs had seen in recent years could not be sustained . \" In most of the developed economies , smartphones are at a mature penetration stage and tablets are pretty close to being at that stage ,\" said of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan . Mr added that Apple had so far not been able to replicate the success it enjoyed in the developed economies in emerging markets . He explained that in the emerging economies , Apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers . At the same time , Apple is facing increased competition from other smartphone makers in those markets . \" They are being hammered by low-cost smartphones in countries such as China ,\" he said . The fear is that if Apple 's growth rate slows , it will have a knock on effect on suppliers such as Foxconn .", ", 33 , was accused of raping , who was a student at Keele University , in Staffordshire . The 22-year-old killed herself at her Stafford home in August 2015 . Judge cleared Mr , formerly of Newcastle-under-Lyme , of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault after the CPS offered no evidence against him . See more stories from across Stoke and Staffordshire here During the hearing at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court , prosecutor said the decision not to continue the prosecution had been taken at the \" highest level \" of the CPS . The CPS said the case had been kept under regular review and prosecutors were no longer satisfied there was a realistic prospect of conviction . Defence counsel told the court Mr had been \" removed from his attempts at education \" at Keele because of the proceedings against him . \" This is an allegation that goes back to 2014 ,\" Ms told the brief hearing . \" The defendant was interviewed , as was the complainant , in March 2015 , almost exactly two years ago . \" Following the hearing , Mr offered his condolences to the family of . In a statement read out by his solicitor , , Mr said : \" This is not a time of celebration for me - quite simply , I should never have been charged and put through this horrendous ordeal . \" He also called for a change in the law to provide anonymity to those charged with but not convicted of sexual offences . In a statement , parents , and , said : \" We do n't want what happened to to define her life or our memory of the kind and loving person that she was . \" An inquest recorded a narrative verdict that she had taken her own life following post-traumatic stress . A spokesman for the university said : \" Based on today 's outcome , we will be in conversation with Mr over the coming weeks . \" As is standard practice , any such discussion will be confidential between the university and the student . \"", "Japanese-owned chemical firm Sekisui Alveo said production at its Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will end by March 2018 . The plant will be decommissioned in four stages over the next three years , the company said . It is part of a move to relocate production to Roermond in the Netherlands , it added . , manufacturing director at the Merthyr Tydfil site , said the decision to decommission the plant had \" not been taken lightly \" . \" I am immensely proud of our highly professional workforce and I would like to thank them all for their commitment and dedication ,\" he said . \" We are aware that this is a difficult time for employees at the Merthyr Tydfil production plant and we will do everything to support them and their families during and after the plant 's staged decommissioning . \" We will also continue to collaborate with the local authorities in the coming months . \"", "The mythical ruler 's legendary court has been associated with locations throughout Wales , including Carmarthen , St David 's , and Cardigan . Now a retired Bangor University professor has revealed what he believes to be the true location of Camelot . And it turns out to be a small Roman fort at Slack , on the outskirts of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire . Prof , a renowned expert in Arthurian literature , said : \" It was quite by chance . I was looking at some maps , and suddenly all the ducks lined up . \" I believe I may have solved a 1,400-year-old mystery . \" Previous best guesses for the location of the round table include Caerleon in Newport , Somerset 's Cadbury Castle , and Tintagel in Cornwall . In Roman times , Slack was home to a fort called Camulodunum , which means \" the fort of the god Camul \" . Over the years , well-recognised linguistic processes would have reduced Camulodunum to Camelot . Though almost forgotten and insignificant today , and even though it was abandoned and dilapidated by the relevant time of King around A.D . 500 , argues that this site at Slack would still have been considered a strategic stronghold . At that time , Celtic-speaking Britons , who could have been led by King , held the north and the west coast against the invading Anglo-Saxons . Slack , on the Roman road from Chester to York , would have been the ideal location from which to defend the east coast . added : \" If there was a real King , he will have lived around AD500 , although the first mention of him in Camelot is in a French poem from the Champagne region of France from 1180 . \" There is no mention of Camelot in the period between those dates , known as the Dark Ages , when the country was at war , and very little was recorded . \" In this gap , people passed on information , much got lost in transmission , and people may have made up facts or just messed up known information . \" , who taught at Bangor from 1964 to 2004 , has been researching the location of Camelot for the past 18 months . He spoke about his findings during the official launch of Bangor University 's Stephen Colclough centre for the history and culture of the book .", ", 29 , has not scored for the champions since 10 September - a run of 14 games - but netted in England 's 2-2 friendly draw with Spain last week . His form is in stark contrast to a year ago , when he scored for a record 11th Premier League game in a row . \" He has restarted and is very close to scoring ,\" said . \" He has started to also score in training , and that is good news because also , in the training , he did n't score so well . \" has scored twice in the league this season compared with 13 at the same stage in 2015-16 . He finished last season with 28 goals in 48 appearances for club and country . Since his last club goal , the Foxes have slipped to 14th in the table with just two wins in nine matches . believes and team-mate no longer boast the \" surprise \" factor that worked in their favour last season . The Italian said : \" That is the big problem . is always normal , the same last season . You do n't see him nervous or frustrated . \" But sooner or later will come back . I speak every day with him . He is very calm , very concentrated in his job , to work for the team . \" Leicester , who have qualified from their Champions League group with a game to spare , host Middlesbrough in the Premier League on Saturday ( 15:00 GMT ) .", "Police were called to Jackson Road in Clacton at about 21:10 BST on Tuesday . The female officer was seriously hurt and remains in hospital and a colleague who also tried to intervene received a minor leg injury , Essex Police said . A 23-year-old woman from Clacton and a man aged 21 were arrested and have been released under investigation . Police are appealing for witnesses . More news from Essex The \" disturbance between a group of adults and youngsters \" began in Jackson Road and moved to the corner of West Avenue and Agate Road , the force said .", "Some residents of James Turner Street in Birmingham complained that they had been misled before appearing on the programme . Producers of the reality television show have denied that . Now , one charity which accused the makers of misrepresenting residents has offered a solution : a self-defence kit against unwanted advances . Oasis , a community and education charity , runs the primary school in Birmingham where Benefits Street was filmed . Reverend , who founded Oasis , said that other communities have approached them asking for advice on what to do if they get attention from reality TV producers . He said : \" We ca n't proactively defend every community in the country . \" However , we believe that the new self-defence kit will give people the chance to benefit from what we 've learnt . \" The kit , which is on its website , contains advice on how to discourage television producers . It also has what it calls a \" decoder \" to translate what a producer might really mean if they describe the programme they want to make . Despite more than 900 complaints , watchdog Ofcom ruled that Channel 4 did not breach the broadcasting code . A second series is thought to be under way in Teesside . A Channel 4 spokesperson said : \" We are always transparent and clear with residents in the extensive briefings that are given pre-filming and operate highly robust duty of care protocols for contributors which were praised by the regulator Ofcom as ' demonstrating best practice ' . \" Filming of the second series recently began in Stockton-On-Tees , many months after transmission of the first and the subsequent media reaction , so residents were already familiar with the nature and profile of the programme . \" The majority of them have been happy to co-operate and support filming , even in the face of external pressure put on them by vested interests outside of the street . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "The package on offer from the government includes a pay rise and a reduction in the retirement age . The deal will now be put to a ballot of the union 's membership . Up to 10,000 prison officers in England and Wales protested last month over claims of a \" surge \" in jail violence . They stopped work over claims of a \" surge in violence \" in jails but returned to work after a High Court injunction ordered them to end their 24-hour protest . Under the agreement , prison officers will be allowed to retire at 65 - up to three years ahead of the current state pension age - at no cost to them and with full pension benefits . Uniformed staff will also be given consolidated pay rises of between 0.5 % and 1 % for each of the next three years , on top of usual performance-related pay increases . They also stand to receive a \" recognition and retention \" package totalling \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 . Prisons minister , said the government and POA had also \" agreed a significant number of health and safety reforms as well as new powers for governors in terms of how they deploy their staff in prisons \" . The POA directed members to take action last month after talks with the government over health and safety concerns broke down . It came after multiple high-profile incidents at prisons across England . In October , , an inmate at HMP Pentonville , died after being stabbed to death in an attack at the prison , which left two others injured . And last month prisoners caused almost \u00c2 \u00a3 1m of damage during a riot at Bedford prison . Days later at HMP Isle of Wight , an inmate cut a prison officer 's throat with a razor blade on the way back to his cell . In an effort to tackle safety issues Justice Secretary unveiled proposals detailing \u00c2 \u00a3 1.3bn investment in new prisons over the next five years , including plans for 2,100 extra prison officers , drug tests for inmates on entry and exit from prisons , and more autonomy for governors . In response to the new pay deal she said : \" This agreement is a good offer which rightly recognises the hard work and dedication of officers across the country doing a tough job . \"", "and his wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden in Cranbrook in September 2015 . He said a man they spoke to took their photo in the gardens . Mrs , from Kent , died three months later . A tweet by the National Trust , which runs the site , has been shared more than 600 times . A trust spokesman said it was a \" heartbreaking story \" . He added : \" With luck the [ person ] who took the photograph at Sissinghurst Castle Garden will see 's letter and come forward . \" Mr wrote to the trust 's magazine for help in tracking down the mystery photographer . He wrote : \" I have realised this would have been the last photo ever taken of her . I would dearly love to obtain a copy . \"", "It says \" cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams ... that de-pigment the skin ... are now forbidden \" . Whitening creams have been popular for years among young women - and some men - across Africa , who believe they make them more beautiful . But medical experts say they may cause cancer , diabetes , severe skin conditions and other diseases . \" The number of people with side-effects caused by these medicines is really high ,\" , a member of Ivory Coast 's pharmaceutical authority , was quoted as saying by the AFP news agency . Latest African news updates Africa : Where black is not really beautiful British consultant dermatologist told the BBC the major concern was over unregulated products , which may contain ingredients such as mercury or excessive amounts of steroids . \" If one thinks about steroids being present in these products , they 're often present in much higher quantities than we would prescribe ,\" she said . She said the creams can cause a variety of health issues , such as \" acne , thinning of the skin , glaucoma or cataracts if applied near the eyes \" . \" Or if applied liberally to the whole body , [ they can ] cause high blood pressure , diabetes , osteoporosis , weight gain , mood disturbance due to absorption of large amounts of steroids ,\" she said . However , analysts say the ban may not stop people buying the products . They are still used in The Gambia despite a ban . South Africa has the world 's toughest laws against skin lighteners , having prohibited the most active ingredient - hydroquinone , but a University of Cape Town study found that more than a third of South African women still buy them . The use of whitening creams in Africa is most widespread in Nigeria - where more than 75 % of women buy them , according to a 2008 UN Environment Programme study .", "Lib Dem accused Labour of being prepared to \" concede everything \" , and the opposition 's leader in the Lords , , responded that his party was giving people \" false hope \" . The two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the government concerning the rights of EU citizens and parliamentary approval for a Brexit deal . But that co-operation went out the window when MPs rejected those amendments - with Lib Dems determined to insist on them and Labour prepared to defer to the Commons . A Labour source in the Lords told the BBC it was \" fairly obvious grandstanding \" by the Lib Dems , and geared towards content for their campaign leaflets . \" It 's pretty unforgiveable to build up false hope with people genuinely worried about their future in Britain , when you already know that MPs were ready to dig in behind the government ,\" the source said . For their part , the Lib Dems' Europe spokesperson accused Labour of \" waving through the government 's plans \" and \" lining up with the Conservatives as they drive forward with a hard Brexit \" . It 's not just on Brexit that the two biggest opposition parties have a track record of forming alliances - they have trooped through the lobbies together to impose government defeats on bills dealing with issues from higher education to housing . seemed sanguine about their chances of coming together again , saying : \" The Liberal Democrats will continue to work with peers from across the House to fight for the issues we agree on . \" But the Labour source predicted \" residual tensions \" , adding : \" I ca n't imagine there 'll be much demand here to organise a ' progressive consensus summer drinks' gathering . \" Our respective leaderships will of course continue to keep things business-like . \"", "A further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes . Armed Forces Minister revealed the figures after a written parliamentary question by Lib Dem leader . He said they were an estimate because strike sites cannot be visited and assessed by the UK . Mr had asked the Ministry of Defence how many militants from the terrorist group had been killed by British forces in Iraq from 2 December 2015 to 2 December 2016 . Mr replied : \" During the period in question it is assessed that there were a total of 111 enemy wounded in action and a total of 1,306 enemy killed in action as a result of UK air strikes . \" The UK cannot visit strike sites and conduct detailed investigations on the ground in Iraq . Therefore the number of combatants killed and / or wounded is an estimated figure only . \" The UK parliament backed British participation in air strikes against IS in Iraq back in September 2014 . Just over a year later in 2015 , MPs authorised air strikes against IS in Syria . The UK has conducted more than 1,200 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria since it became involved - more than any other coalition country bar the United States . BBC analysis has shown that in 2017 , UK forces dropped bombs in Iraq and Syria on 69 of the first 99 days of the year . RAF Typhoons and Reaper drones have been supporting Iraqi and Kurdish forces trying to liberate Mosul , northern Iraq , in recent months .", "Using a pseudonym of His Royal Gingerness ( HRG ) , the hacker told the BBC he wanted to highlight the website 's \" vulnerability \" . It only took him a few minutes to hack into the site , he said . Norwich International Airport director condemned the hacking as a crime that police were investigating . HRG pointed out that while he made his attack to see if he could gain access , a more maliciously-minded intruder could have done damage . He claimed he knew of someone who had planned to plant a bomb hoax in the system over Christmas , but said he was able to prevent that from happening . While Mr said the information website was not linked to the airport 's operations system , he acknowledged that removing it was a serious inconvenience to passengers . He admitted malicious hackers could have planted a bomb hoax on the site . The airport 's operations director promised a robust replacement site - with more secure protocols and systems - would be operational within weeks . In the meantime , passengers can get information by calling 01603 411923 . HRG , who asked not to be identified because he fears prosecution , said he hacked the site \" to see if I could \" . \" I found I could do it and then contacted the airport to let them know ,\" he said . \" It took me between two to three minutes to do this . I do this mostly to see what vulnerability there are in modern systems . \"", "Lancashire County Council has earmarked land on the former Glenburn Sports College and Skelmersdale College . The sports college closed in August , while Skelmersdale College 's Westbank campus , owned by Newcastle College , is also unused . The decision follows a comparative study by Network Rail of both sites and one near the Concourse shopping centre . Skelmersdale 's original railway station closed to passengers in 1956 . The council - which owns Glenburn Sports College - said Skelmersdale could get two direct trains to Liverpool per hour under the plans it has made in partnership with Merseytravel and West Lancashire Borough Council . County councillor , cabinet member for highways and transport , said it was an \" exciting step forward \" . He said the preferred location was big enough to allow for the possibility of future expansion . He added : \" It has good highway access and good connectivity to the town and the surrounding area . \" The authority confirmed it will now start the process of acquiring the relevant land . Skelmersdale was designated a new town on 9 October 1961. . It is one of the largest towns in the north west of England not to have its own railway station .", "Frenchman 's remains were found at a property in Ellesmere Port , Merseyside , in 2013 - four years after he was reported missing . , 29 , has been found guilty of murder and sentenced to a minimum jail term of 16 years following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court . Two other men were convicted in 2014 . Mr , 36 , was killed in May 2009 and buried in the outbuilding of the house he shared with German national and fellow Frenchmen and . contacted Cheshire Police in May 2013 and led officers to Mr 's body , which was wrapped in tarpaulin and encased in thick concrete . Officers said a low brick wall had been built inside the outhouse with three layers of concrete placed over the body . A post-mortem examination found died from hammer blows to the head . He had been reported missing by a work colleague , but after launching an investigation police said they believed he had left the country . Det Sgt said the case had been \" complicated \" and \" devastating \" for Mr 's family , but added \" the final jigsaw piece in this shocking crime is now in place \" . was previously found not guilty of assisting an offender and preventing a lawful burial . However , was re-arrested in 2015 when new evidence came to light . , now 39 , and , now 38 , were given life sentences for murder with minimum terms of 14 and 23 years respectively in 2014 .", "The accident happened on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn at about 17:00 on Monday . Police said a woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a \" serious leg injury \" . Her injury is not thought to be life-threatening . Four other people who suffered minor injuries were also taken to hospital but were later released . The eastbound lane of the road was closed following the accident causing lengthy tailbacks . It was re-opened at 18:45 .", "Mr , 34 , left Gatwick Airport through a side entrance that was guarded by police before being driven away shortly before 07:00 GMT . He is believed to have flown in from Dubai rather than taking a direct flight from Cape Town to the UK . He was extradited in April for the trial , which was thrown out on Monday . Judge cleared Mr after ruling the prosecution case that the care home boss from Bristol had arranged the death of his wife was flawed . Armed police officers were on guard at the airport preventing reporters from approaching the exit used by Mr . He is believed to have flown into the UK on an Emirates flight that landed shortly before 06:30 . Judge dismissed the case against Mr at the Western Cape High Court , describing evidence from a key prosecution witness as \" riddled with contradictions \" . Mr had always denied plotting to arrange the shooting of his bride in the back of their taxi while on honeymoon in November four years ago . His wife 's family , from Sweden , are now considering whether to launch a civil action against her husband in the UK . They said the decision left many questions unanswered as it meant bisexual Mr , who led a double life visiting male prostitutes in the months before he married , would not have to give evidence or face cross-examination . Her uncle , , said they would make a decision on legal action after the Christmas holiday . Judge ruled it was not necessary for Mr to give evidence , saying a defendant was entitled to be discharged if there was no possibility of conviction unless he entered the witness box and incriminated himself . She said claims by the chief prosecution witness , cab driver , about the murder were also \" highly debatable \" and the evidence from the prosecution was \" far below \" the required threshold . Three men - , and gunman - have already been convicted for their part in the murder , which happened during a late-night tour of a township when their chauffeur-driven car was hijacked . , a self-confessed \" middle man \" who set up the murder , may also face justice having previously been granted immunity by the state . The prosecution claimed Mr wanted to get out of his relationship with , 28 , and arranged a car-jacking in which she would be killed . But the defence team criticised prosecution witnesses and said the case against him was weak .", "Cuadrilla 's plans for fracking at its Preston New Road site at Little Plumpton were approved in October . The firm says it will put Lancashire first for creating jobs , new skills , investment , and community initiatives . Opponents said they were surprised by the news since a legal challenge to the government 's decision is outstanding . Preston New Road Action Group issued formal legal proceedings at the High Court in November . Cuadrilla said an \" independently audited tracker \" will monitor its pledges to Lancashire . Chief executive said the shale gas industry would be good for the county 's economy . \" We expect that in the exploration phase alone we will spend in the order of \u00c2 \u00a3 50m - clearly all of that will not go to Lancashire ... but we would hope that up to half of that money could get spent in Lancashire ,\" he said . The firm also said Bolton-based civil engineering firm AE Yates Ltd has been awarded the site 's \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m building contract . Work is expected to start early next year , Cuadrilla said .", "'s daughter caused outrage by using his influence to try to close down the bistro after it did not give her a table she wanted . The episode sparked a discussion about abuse of power in the country . The sacking suggests that Mexico has grown more sensitive to the issue , correspondents say . The episode became a trending topic on Twitter under the hashtag # ladyprofeco , after her father 's agency . , the attorney-general for consumer protection , and his daughter both apologised , but this did little to appease public anger . On Wednesday , President ordered his dismissal . The restaurant , in Mexico City , was raided by officials after was not offered the table she had asked for . The government said that although Mr was not personally involved in the raid , the episode had become embarrassing for the institution .", "The case of the missing planes was raised when PM met Burmese President . A Downing Street source said it was \" hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming Burmese government \" . The exact location of the planes is unknown . The planes were buried in 1945 by the RAF amid fears that they could either be used or destroyed by foreign forces , but in the intervening years they have not been located . At the time they were unused , still in crates , and yet to be assembled . Until a general election in 2010 , Burma was ruled for almost half a century by a military junta . It has been reported that experts from Leeds University and an academic based in Rangoon believe they may have identified the sites where the craft are concealed using sophisticated radar techniques . On Friday , officials said President was \" very enthusiastic \" about the prospect of finding and restoring the planes . A Downing Street source said : \" The Spitfire is arguably the most important plane in the history of aviation , playing a crucial role in the Second World War . \" It is hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming Burmese government , uncover , restore and display these fighter planes and get them gracing the skies of Britain once again . \"", "A coastguard helicopter from St Athan , in Vale of Glamorgan , flew to the scene on Saturday evening as the one based in north Wales was on another mission . The pair were helped to the top of the ridge by Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team ( MRT ) volunteers using ropes , and then winched aboard the helicopter . They were dropped off at Nant Peris while the MRT walked down the peak .", "The Home Office decided to halt the Detained Fast Track ( DFT ) system amid concerns over safeguards , particularly for \" vulnerable applicants \" . Immigration minister said he hoped the DFT system would resume within weeks . It is thought about 800 applicants are affected - and can now seek bail . Of those , it is estimated that about 100 may have to be released . The system , introduced in 2000 , accelerates legal hearings and appeals while keeping the individual detained . It is used in cases which officials believe can be decided quickly . Last month the Court of Appeal ordered the Home Office to halt the system immediately after an earlier High Court hearing concluded it contained \" structural unfairness \" . High Court judge Mr put a \" legal stay \" - a temporary delay - on his ruling on 12 June , following a case brought by campaign group Detention Action . This meant the fast-track system remained in operation until the government had exhausted all opportunities to appeal . BBC home affairs correspondent said officials were worried their procedures were not as robust as they should be . In a statement to the House of Commons , Mr said the system had \" come under significant legal challenge \" . \" Risks surrounding the safeguards within the system for particularly vulnerable applicants have also been identified to the extent that we cannot be certain of the level of risk of unfairness to certain vulnerable applicants who may enter DFT . \" In light of these issues , I have decided to temporarily suspend the operation of the detained fast-track policy . \" I hope this pause to be short in duration , perhaps only a matter of weeks , but I will only resume operation of this policy when I am sure the right structures are in place to minimise any risk of unfairness . \" The decision to suspend the process means those asylum seekers detained and awaiting hearings will be reassessed at a \" senior level \" to see if they can be released from detention to continue their asylum application in the normal way . Mr added : \" Those who meet the general criteria for detention will not be directly affected by the decision to suspend DFT . \" Many are already detained under these powers , for example because they are at risk of absconding and face imminent removal . \" Only if detention can no longer be justified outside a DFT process will applicants be released to continue their asylum claim in the regular asylum system . \" He said applicants who face removal to a safe third country , pose a risk to the public or are foreign offenders are \" still liable to be detained or remain detained \" . The DFT system accelerated some 4,300 asylum applications or decisions in 2013 . It currently processes 30 to 40 cases a week .", ", 17 , was stabbed at his home in Roath in 2010 and two men , and , were jailed for life in 2013 . , originally from Cardiff , was arrested in India in 2011 accused of conspiracy to commit murder . But he escaped police custody in India last week . Mr , who is also accused of passport and identity forgery , was awaiting extradition but escaped after being taken to a court hearing . Authorities confirmed he escaped from a railway station washroom in New Delhi . Det Ch Insp said Mr 's family \" remain resilient and continue to receive our full support \" . Mr is from the Riverside area of Cardiff , but he also has connections with people in surrounding areas . DCI Hughes added : \" We believe someone in this country knows something about 's whereabouts , and urge such people to contact us \" .", ", 28 , was last seen by family at his home in Kelvedon on 25 May 2015 . His abandoned Volkswagen Golf was found 10 miles ( 16km ) away in Fairstead . His case was formally declared a murder by Essex Police investigation exactly a year later . A 35-year-old Braintree man and a 25-year-man from Kelvedon have been released pending further inquiries . The two men will have to report back to police in late July .", "The six-month project at Havelock Europa is expected to \" follow the wealth \" , where market opportunities arise in the UK and globally . The Kirkcaldy-based firm also wants to extend its sourcing operation in China and grow further in Australia . The company has already focused its marketing efforts in London . Office refurbishments in the capital are among Britain 's more lucrative opportunities . The firm has been through a difficult corporate turnaround in recent years . In announcing its full-year results , the Fife firm said 2016 was \" challenging \" . Havelock Europa was back into the black , with pre-tax profits of \u00a3 183,000 , following a 2015 loss of \u00a3 2.7m . Revenue was down in 2016 , largely due to the loss of a major financial client , believed to be Lloyds Banking Group . Sales fell from \u00a3 73m in 2015 to \u00a3 61m . In trying to diversify its clients away from a few large banks and education refurbishments during academic holidays , the company is seeking to secure more clients from the health sector and student accommodation . It is also looking for a wider range of retail clients , which have so far included big high street names such as Marks & Spencer , Primark , Accessorize and House of Fraser . Havelock Europa employs 300 people at its Fife factory and marketing base , with offices also in China and Mansfield in the English Midlands . The company 's shares fell 12 % in the hours after the annual results were published .", ", 68 , who had become \" besotted \" with another woman , was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover policeman \u00a3 150,000 to murder . His trial heard he wanted to inherit her West Sussex home and elope with sex worker , 28 . The Court of Appeal confirmed papers had been lodged for an appeal . , the former producer of the police drama series The Bill , had claimed he was researching a spy novel and denied solicitation to murder at his trial . But the retired producer was caught when the police officer posing as a would-be hitman taped a conversation in which said he was \" 100 % sure \" he wanted his partner dead . The jury was told had mounting debts and was desperate to inherit his partner 's \u00a3 800,000 home in Amberley and set up home with . The was told had approached London mechanic in March 2016 and said : \" I 'm offering you \u00a3 250,000 to kill my wife . \" In November 2016 he met an undercover policeman posing as a hitman called in the car park of Sainsbury 's in Balham , south London . They were introduced by a 6ft 3in \" man mountain \" called , to whom had previously given 's details and a photograph . Unknown to , , whose real name is , had already reported him to City of London Police , the court was told . Jailing for 17 years in July , Judge said : \" For your pipe dream , for your obsessive infatuation with a young woman , Ms , who had protected and nurtured you , was to die a painful and terrifying death in an isolated spot . \" Her death was to fund your life . You had used her until she had outlasted her usefulness to you . \"", ", 25 , an ex-Royal Marine from Barnsley , died near the Syrian city of Qamishli on 2 March , Kurdish officials have said . His coffin was handed over to his father and uncle in a ceremony involving hundreds of Syrian Kurds . Mr 's father , , said the ceremony had been \" overwhelming \" . He told BBC Middle East correspondent the emotional ceremony was \" very special and very comforting \" to his family . Our correspondent said the ceremony was also a \" big moment \" for the Kurds , who had turned out to pay their last respects to the Briton who came \" halfway round the world to fight - and die - in their struggle against IS militants \" . Hundreds of people - including Kurdish fighters , women and foreign fighters in the region - watched as Mr 's coffin was loaded into an ambulance , where it will be transported to Erbil , the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan . The coffin was decorated with flowers and was draped with a Kurdish flag and a Union Jack . Some time would be needed in Erbil to complete the necessary paperwork before Mr 's body can be flown back to the UK , our correspondent added . Mr , an expert in battlefield medicine , is believed to have travelled to Syria three or four months ago . He is said to have gone to Syria because he was \" horrified by the atrocities being carried out \" there . Kurdish commander said the Briton had been killed while fighting alongside Kurdish forces in the frontline village of Tel Khuzela . His family has paid tribute to his \" courage , conviction and honour \" . In a statement , they said : \" We are devastated to confirm the death of our son in Syria where he went to support the forces opposing Islamic State . \" His flame might have burned briefly but it burned brightly with love , courage , conviction and honour and we are very proud of him . \" The family 's friends and neighbours described news of Mr 's death as \" heartbreaking \" . The Home Office says there are about 600 people in the region \" of interest \" but have not given a breakdown of what groups they may be associated with . The BBC understands about 100 Western volunteers - including some Britons - are fighting as part of the 30,000-strong Kurdish forces . More than 500 Britons are believed to have travelled to join IS .", "The 32-year-old spent the second half of last season on loan at the Lilywhites where he made 14 outings . made 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years before his move to the Baggies . \" I 'm really happy that things have fallen into place before we get closer to the season ,\" he said . \" It was a very easy decision . I could have gone to several other clubs in England but it was a no brainer , I wanted to stay here . \" Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The Streatham MP said Labour should not be \" screaming at the electorate \" after its poor general election performance . He spoke out after Labour was hit by a row over its stance on welfare cuts . He also criticised , amid reports that he is doing well in the race to be Labour leader . In an interview with BBC Newsnight political editor , Mr said Labour were \" sent a very strong message \" by the electorate at the general election , where it was almost wiped out by the SNP in Scotland and failed to make ground on the Conservatives in England . \" We 're running around stamping our feet , screaming at the electorate when ultimately what we need to do is meet people where they are at , not necessarily where we would want them to be ,\" he said . Labour has been divided by how to respond to the welfare cuts set out in 's Budget , with some MPs reacting angrily when acting leader said it should not oppose all of the measures . The party 's new leader will be announced at a special conference in September . Mr , who was briefly in the leadership contest before withdrawing , said the Conservatives would want Mr to win . The odds on Mr winning the leadership have recently been reduced , though he only made it on to the ballot paper after some MPs not thought to be his supporters agreed to make up the necessary number of nominations for him . Mr said he had nothing against the Islington North MP but added that his political views were not \" a politics that can win \" . He said Mr was \" weak on defence at a time when global insecurity is rising \" and backed \" more generous social security payments for people who can work but refuse to work \" . \" I 'll tell you what , there is no glory in opposition ,\" Mr added . \" Ultimately we will betray our people if we do n't get elected . \"", ", 76 , of Nefyn , was snorkelling around the island of Gozo when he was hit on 19 June . His widow told the inquest in Caernarfon it happened in seconds . She said : \" There was n't enough time for me to shout or do anything . \" A conclusion of accidental death was recorded by coroner . The inquest heard Mr was snorkelling in a bay when a rigid inflatable boat started up . \" A person snorkelling is very difficult to see ,\" Mr said . \" At best it 's only part of the top of the head that can be seen . \" Whether the person operating the boat looked or made any efforts to see if anyone was in the water , I ca n't say . \" Pathologist Dr told the inquest Mr suffered head injuries and his death was \" likely to have been virtually instantaneous \" .", "Twenty-five suspects were released because of a lack of evidence . It is the latest batch of death sentences passed in connection with the killings - 36 men were hanged a year ago for their part in the massacre . IS filmed the killings , at the former US base of Camp Speicher , near Tikrit , in an early piece of shock propaganda . Most of the victims are believed to have been young Shia recruits who were based at the camp when Tikrit was overrun by IS . Photos and videos published by IS at the time showed soldiers being lined up and shot at various locations . Some bodies were pushed into the River Tigris , while others were buried in mass graves that were found after government forces recaptured the city a year later . The condemned men have the right to appeal against the sentences .", "Magicseaweed , founded in 2002 in Kingsbridge , provides forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches around the world . Surfstitch purchased the firm as part of a combined deal that also includes surf magazine Stab . Magicseaweed said it was \" thrilled \" as the deal would enable it to expand . The firm employs 22 people in Kingsbridge , taking data from offshore weather buoys to forecast surfing conditions , along with allowing surfers to check conditions via web cameras on beaches . \" It 's a unique opportunity to find the right balance of surf forecasting , inspirational content and product offerings to our global surf community and millions of users ,\" said co-founder . , chief executive of Surfstitch , said : \" We are excited to welcome Magicseaweed and Stab to the Surfstitch Group . \" These businesses share our enthusiasm and passion in the action sports and youth culture space , and are ideal partners to support Surfstitch 's mission to become the global destination for action sports and youth lifestyle content and online retail . \"", "Play was suspended on Friday afternoon as winds reached 36mph and blew trees over at Emirates Golf Club . , who was eight under after five holes when play was stopped , added five birdies and a bogey as he carded a five-under-par 67 to move 12 under . is nine under , a shot clear of Open champion . England 's carded the joint-best second round with 66 as he completed 14 holes in the better conditions to sit tied for fifth on seven under . \" Obviously we got a bit lucky with the weather today . I was expecting it to be windier , but you still have to hit good shots ,\" said , who is looking for his first European Tour win since 2014 . \" I played nicely again and made some nice putts , so I 'm very happy with where I am . \" The third round is under way with plans to try and complete it on Saturday .", "Bradford , chasing a play-off place , went ahead when converted 's pass , but 's side levelled through 's volley . Buoyed by the leveller , struck an upright , before took 's pass to make it 2-1 . It was enough to secure a double against the Bantams this season . The win was Colchester 's first in League One since a 2-1 home success against Port Vale in October , and 's first in the competition since his December appointment . 's side dropped two places to ninth after the defeat , their first in five .", "The huts , made of chalk and straw daub and wheat-thatched roofing , have been based on archaeological remains found at Durrington Walls , near Stonehenge . Project leader said : \" What we 're trying to do is get a sense of what these buildings looked like above-ground . \" The hope is to re-build the huts at Stonehenge visitor centre next year . \" What makes the buildings interesting is that they were dated to about the same time as the large sarsen stones were being erected at Stonehenge ,\" Mr said . \" One of the theories is that these may have housed the people that were helping with construction of that monument . \" Inside , the project team has used a variety of different daubs , made of pig soil [ dung ] or chalk and straw and construction techniques that would have been used by Neolithic people . \" We 've been trying a completely different way of thatching a roof . Nothing is tied onto the roof , as you would in a modern thatched building but the wheat straw that we 've used is knotted and then tucked into a woven framework . \" Often people think 4,500 years ago is a long time ago , which of course to us as modern people it is , but it 's well into beginnings of agriculture . \" We 're looking at people that were farming , keeping cows and domesticating cereal crops , and of course houses were an important thing . \" The Neolithic huts will be kept for another two months and will open to the public during the two May bank holidays .", "The news means the WBO belt would not be on the line if IBF heavyweight champion of Britain and agree to fight . 's promoter has said terms were almost agreed with former champion and hoped the IBF , WBO and WBA titles would be contested . But 's promoter said the WBO has sanctioned the bout . The WBO is yet to confirm the decision but is already considering venues and expects the match to take place in 's native New Zealand . The 24-year-old is undefeated in 21 fights and is the WBO 's number-one ranked heavyweight , with Ukrainian second . Mexico 's , 27 , is third on the list and has won all of his 29 bouts . has vacated the WBO and WBA straps and had his boxing licence stripped by the British Boxing Board of Control \" pending further investigation into anti-doping and medical issues \" . The 28-year-old , who defeated in 2015 , is suffering from depression and has admitted to taking cocaine . In November he also has an appeal hearing for a doping charge issued in July . It is unclear if the WBA will allow to compete for their version of the title , but says his fighter will be in action on 10 December even if pursues a fight for the belt with a different opponent . On Thursday former British heavyweight champion tweeted stating \" I 'm coming to knock you out on December 10 \" .", "Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu \u00f4l i'r \u0175y ? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod , does dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l ... ( dyna ddigon nawr. Gol . ) Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd !", "pleaded not guilty in the death of in an Arizona court on Wednesday . Weapons found at the scene of his death were linked to a US anti-gun-running scheme called Fast and Furious . Under the programme , the US allowed criminals to purchase guns in order to trace them to major arms traffickers . But US agents lost track of 1,400 of the firearms , including the ones believed to have killed . A US justice department report has cited 14 people for possible disciplinary action for their roles in the programme . Mr was arrested in Mexico in 2012 . He was flown to the US on Tuesday . He has been charged with murder , as well as assault and other charges . \" This development brings us one step closer to achieving justice for a beloved agent who paid the highest price in protecting this country ,\" said US Attorney for Southern California . \" While there is nothing that can be done to bring home again , we hope this news will bring some level of comfort . \" Another man , , was sentenced to 30 years in prison in February for the 2010 murder , which occurred as and his gang engaged in a firefight with US border agents in rural Arizona . The US justice department announced a $ 1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 589,000 ) reward in 2012 for information leading to the arrest of Mr , and three others . Two of the men remain fugitives , while the third is waiting in Mexican custody for extradition . , 's cousin and the family 's spokesman , said they were \" thankful that Mexican authorities have continued to work with us \" . \" The family has gotten really good at not having high expectations and knowing that things are going to take lots of time ,\" Mr said . \" They have become very patient over the last three-plus years . So we do n't celebrate many things . \" Mr pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder , second-degree murder and other charges .", "The latest threats bring the number of incidents to 69 in 27 states in the past month , according to the JCC Association of North America . No bombs were found at any of the centres targeted with telephone calls . Last week , 27 Jewish community centres in 17 US states reported receiving hoax bomb threats . All of the threats made on Monday , along with previous incidents in January , turned out to be false and Jewish centres have since reopened with normal services resumed . Responding to the latest incidents , White House press secretary said that US President had made it \" abundantly clear \" that such actions were \" unacceptable \" . \" Hatred and hate-motivated violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom ,\" the statement , which was shared on Twitter by NBC News correspondent , said . Mr 's daughter - who has converted to Judaism and whose husband is Jewish - also condemned the threats . Former Democratic presidential candidate said that action must be taken to prevent further incidents . In a post on Twitter , Mrs wrote : \" JCC threats , cemetery desecration and online attacks are so troubling and they need to be stopped . Everyone must speak out , starting w /@ POTUS . \" The threats were made to the Jewish community centres through calls that were both pre-recorded and live , with suspects using voice-disguising technology , according to Israeli newspaper Haaretz . Since the beginning of the year , there have been reports of threats to centres in New York , New Jersey , Ohio , Florida , Massachusetts , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Delaware , Connecticut , Alabama , California , Maine , Tennessee , South Carolina , Missouri , Wisconsin , Texas and Kansas . The JCC Association of North America , a network of health and education centres , has since been reviewing its security plans . In an earlier statement the FBI said that along with the US justice department it was investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with the threats . The Anti-Defamation League , a Jewish anti-bigotry organisation , said in a statement that it was \" deeply disturbed \" by the latest threats to the Jewish community . Meanwhile , more than 100 headstones have been damaged at a Jewish cemetery in St Louis , Missouri , local media report . In the Canadian city of Toronto , Mayor has condemned anti-Semitic hate notes left outside the homes of Jewish residents .", "The police allege 28-year-old , also called , was the man who raped the 74-year-old nun . The man , allegedly a Bangladeshi citizen , was arrested at a railway station in Kolkata ( Calcutta ) . The incident caused outrage in India and led to street protests in many cities across the country . This marks the sixth arrest in the crime . Police have identified eight suspects in the attack , of which two still remain untraced . \" All the five accused arrested earlier have named as the person who raped the nun ,\" a police officer told the BBC . , deputy inspector general of the state 's Criminal Investigation Department , told the AFP news agency that police acted on a tip off that , who had fled to Bangladesh after being identified from CCTV footage of the attack , was due to return to Kolkata by train . In May , the police said they had arrested and described him as the leader of the gang which attacked the convent . They said it was not clear what role the man had played in the case . During the attack in Ranaghat town on 14 March , money was stolen from the convent school and the building ransacked , before the nun was raped in the convent itself .", "An emoji of the Chilean flag is widely available while one of the Texas flag is not yet . The Chilean flag with its white star on a blue background resembles that of the Lone Star state . said the resolution was meant to be mainly educational . The resolution calls on lawmakers \" to reject the notion that the Chilean flag , although it is a nice flag , can in any way compare to or be substituted for the official state flag of Texas and urge all Texans not to use the Republic of Chile flag emoji in digital forums when referring to the Lone Star Flag of the great State of Texas \" . Some Texans have developed a habit of using the Chilean flag in text messages and on social media as a sign of national pride . None of the US states currently have their own emoji flag . Mr said that the idea was to raise awareness about the mix-up in a light-hearted manner . \" Even if the legislature decides not to hear it , we have achieved our objective ,\" he said . The resolution would be non-binding and cannot pass into law . There will be no penalties for using the wrong flag emoji . \" The Chilean flag is a fine design . Maybe it 's the second best flag , who knows , we 're not getting into a contest here . The important thing , though , is that it 's not the Texas flag ,\" joked writer in Texas Monthly magazine . \" In these divided times , we anticipate that this bit of legislative silliness will be a refreshing breath of bipartisanship ,\" he concluded . The wording of the bill also emphasises the significance behind the flags' seemingly small differences . \" The colours of the Chilean flag depict sky , snow , and blood spilled while fighting for freedom , but the blue , white , and red of the Lone Star Flag stand for the Texan values of loyalty , purity , and bravery ,\" it says . Chile and its national symbols have been the subject of mix-ups before . At the 2016 Copa America football tournament , the organisers played Chile 's national anthem instead of that of Uruguay as Uruguayan players looked on confused . The following day , the Chilean national anthem was drowned out by music by the rapper before Chile 's match against Argentina .", "US rights are already with NBC Universal at $ 83m (\u00a3 53.2m ) a season . The Premier League has been negotiating its latest round of overseas television rights , having secured a record \u00a3 5.1bn three-season domestic deal with BT Sport and Sky , which starts in 2016-17 . That dwarfs the existing \u00a3 1bn-a-season agreement currently in place . The new US agreement is in addition to the domestic rights deal and covers all Premier League matches in seasons 2016-17 to 2021-22 . The Premier League and NBC have not revealed how much the new deal is worth . Premier League chairman said NBC Universal 's coverage of the previous two seasons had driven interest in clubs , and the competition as a whole , to unprecedented levels . The total overseas rights , which include lucrative regions such as the Middle East and North Africa ( Mena ) , will be worth about an additional \u00a3 2bn in the current deal cycle .", "The water pipes in the town are old and prone to leaks and bursts , Severn Trent Water said . Part of Milford Road is expected to be closed until the summer as a metal water pipe is replaced . Diversions will be in place . The road is \" just too narrow \" in parts to be kept open as large machinery will be used , a spokesman said . More than 12 miles ( 20km ) of new water pipes are being laid from the Shugborough area into Stafford town centre . In the first phase , which began in September , pipes were installed on Tixall Road for a new housing development nearby .", "The foreign ministry said a Russian jet flew into its airspace on the border with Syria on Friday . Moscow described the claim as \" baseless propaganda \" . Tensions between the two countries have been high since November , when Turkey shot down a Russian jet . Russia has been carrying out air strikes in Syria since September . It has been targeting forces fighting the government of Syrian President , its ally . In a statement , the Turkish foreign ministry said a Russian SU-34 jet crossed into Turkish airspace at 11:46 local time on Friday , ignoring several warnings made in Russian and English . It said the ministry had summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara to \" strongly protest at and condemn \" the incident . Turkish President warned on Saturday that Russia would \" have to face consequences if it keeps up such violations \" . \" Such irresponsible steps do not benefit either the Russian Federation , or Russia-Nato relations , or regional and global peace ,\" he told reporters . He said he had asked repeatedly for a meeting with his Russian counterpart , , without success . Nato - of which Turkey is a member - on Saturday urged Russia \" to act responsibility and to fully respect Nato airspace \" and \" take all necessary measures to ensure that such violations do not happen again \" . Relations between Russia and Turkey , a vocal opponent of Mr , plummeted after Turkish F-16s shot down a Russian SU-24 on 24 November . Turkey said the plane intruded into its airspace and ignored repeated warnings to leave . Russia insisted the jet had never crossed over from Syrian territory and did not receive any warnings . The two leaders embarked on a war of words and Russia introduced a raft of sanctions designed to damage Turkey 's economy . Moscow 's ban on the import of Turkish foods , the sale of charter holidays for Russians to Turkey and most construction projects with Turkish firms was expected to cost the Turkish economy at least $ 10bn .", "Falcons lie eighth , having won six of their 14 matches , after finishing 11th for the previous three campaigns . \" Every year I 've been here we 've shown improvement ,\" the 53-year-old told BBC Radio Newcastle . \" People do n't quite see improvement though until you overtake people , which is what we 've done this year ,\" he said . \" I 've never looked at anything other than that [ being in the top six ] for the last four years . We 're now getting more wins than people thought , and people are now considering us as top six contenders . \" Newcastle host Northampton , who they beat 22-16 earlier this season , on Sunday , with the Saints one place above the Falcons in the table . \" They fight for every point they can get , and will try to reverse the defeat from earlier in the year . \" \" I want people to look at our combativeness and ' never willing to lie down ' attitude . We are getting there . Every game has been a battle for other teams . They do n't like coming here and we know that . It 's not about the weather up here , but the way we play . \" \" We 've still got to go out and do it . It 's not about dizzy heights and aspirations . It 's about nailing that win time and time again . \"", "The 26-year-old has made just one appearance since joining Posh in November , scoring in the 3-2 win over former club Barnsley . 's side currently have injuries to fellow defenders , and . , currently sixth in the table , are at home against struggling Chesterfield on Boxing Day .", "Cycling 's governing body the UCI found the 19-year-old 's spare bike contained a motor at January 's Cyclo-cross World Championships in Belgium . has also been fined 20,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 14,000 ) and been ordered to pay legal costs . The former European Under-23 champion must also return all her medals . The result of the World Championship race , the women 's under-23 race won by Great Britain 's , is not affected . Scanning of bikes in UCI competitions has been introduced in recent years , but 's was the first found to contain a concealed motor . There were 274 bikes scanned at the Track Cycling World Championships in London in March . Media playback is not supported on this device UCI regulations , which were recently strengthened , state that a rider is given a minimum suspension of six months and a fine of up to 200,000 Swiss francs (\u00a3 141,000 ) for an offence of \" technological fraud \" , while coaches , mechanics and other officials could also be sanctioned . was competing during the women 's under-23 race at the Cyclo-cross World Championships . The motor was hidden , along with a battery , in the tube below the saddle . It was controlled by a Bluetooth switch installed underneath the handlebar tape . She has denied suggestions she deliberately cheated , saying the bike was not hers . \" It was my friend 's and was identical to mine . This friend went around the course Saturday before dropping off the bike in the truck . A mechanic , thinking it was my bike , cleaned it and prepared it for my race ,\" she told Belgian television in January .", "Bath player , 23 , missed six out of seven kicks at goal during the 27-13 victory over Wales 11 days ago . That - combined with 24-year-old 's form for title-winning Saracens - has convinced coach to make the change . is likely to take the inside-centre role vacated by . Harlequins winger is in line to start instead of Exeter 's , with England to confirm their team at 10:00 BST on Thursday . England have never won a series in Australia , but are determined to overturn the 33-13 \" hiding \" they were given by the Wallabies at the 2015 World Cup . \" We came out of that game thinking we had thought too much of ourselves ,\" said loose-head prop of England 's heaviest defeat on home soil . \" The biggest lesson we took was that on any day anything can happen . We go into this weekend knowing that too . \" There is no thought of revenge or righting wrongs of the World Cup and , although it 's hard to forget , it has got to go to the back of our minds . \"", ", 13 , has Morquio A , a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people in the UK . It leads to the progressive deterioration of mobility , health and stamina . Her friend has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made available on the NHS . There is no known cure to Morquio syndrome but the drug improves the life of people with the condition . It replaces a missing enzyme which allows children to continue to grow , as well as improving stamina and the ability to walk . It also relieves pain . The drug 's manufacturers have been providing the treatment to patients at their own expense but they are going to withdraw it unless the NHS in England and Scotland commit to funding it . The Stranraer Academy student said her life would be markedly different without the drug . \" I would n't be able to move I 'd just be in so much pain ,\" she said . \" And I probably would n't be able to go to school . \" It was that situation which prompted her friend to launch the petition which now has nearly 2,000 signatures . \" As a friend I suppose I felt kind of bad that she was going to be denied this because I know she has got a great outlook on life ,\" explained . \" She 's funny , she 's friendly and I would hate to see her in pain all the time . \" and West Dumfries MSP has also backed the petition . \" This is not a cheap medication but , as herself asked me , how do you put a value on a human life ?\" he asked . \" There are only just over a hundred sufferers throughout the UK , with just five in Scotland , and those who have had treatment with report a massive reduction in pain and the other symptoms of this syndrome . \" Life expectancy , which rarely exceeds the mid 20s without treatment , can be considerably extended with this treatment , and it is enormously to the credit of and her friends that they have raised this petition to try to ensure that the treatment is available to all . \" The Scottish Medicines Consortium said the drug was currently going through its assessment process . It added that a decision on the medicine was expected to be published in early September .", "The Staffordshire club are second in the Premiership - the top-flight of English rugby as it stands - and have been part of the league for 15 seasons . Lichfield director of rugby said it was \" devastating \" to miss out on the new 10-team league . When asked if she hoped for a rethink , said : \" We deserve it . \" Speaking to BBC Midlands Today , continued : \" What we , as a club , have worked so hard to do for 25 years is to get to the required standard - which we meet . \" Women 's Super Rugby , into which there will be a multi-million pound investment by the RFU over the first three years , is aimed at improved playing standards and increasing participation in the game . Lichfield are the only Premiership side not to be included in the new Women 's Super Rugby competition , as third-placed Aylesford will operate as Harlequins from 2017 . Centre , a World Cup winner and Team GB captain at the 2016 Rio Olympics , is among five Lichfield players involved in England 's Six Nations campaign this season . In a statement , Women 's Premiership chair said \" the competition will be weakened \" by 's absence and also \" welcome the RFU to reconsider the decision \" . The RFU have said they are willing to work closely with the club and help \" support future ambitions to compete in the new competition \" . Applications for a spot in Super Rugby were based around coaching and training , sports science and medical support , training and playing environment , player pools , and financial streams . There will be no promotion or relegation from the competition for the first two seasons , which starts in September . While Lichfield boss is disappointed the club has been overlooked , she does stress the RFU 's efforts to establish a better funded and resourced top-flight competition is \" absolutely fantastic \" . England and Lichfield prop echoed the sentiment , adding : \" For the bigger picture , the RFU investing so much money into women 's rugby is absolutely fantastic . \" But it is a real blow for Lichfield . We have all worked so hard this year and put so much into our club rugby , Lichfield means a lot to everyone involved . \"", "and two colleagues from West Midlands Police 's cannabis team were flagged down by a driver in Wolverhampton , at around 15:30 BST on Monday . The passenger was in labour and Mr rushed to help deliver a baby girl , the force said . Mr said it was a day he \" wo n't forget in a hurry \" . See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here Soon after he stepped in , paramedics arrived at the scene in Hickman Avenue , and mother and baby were taken to hospital to be checked over . Mr , the cannabis disposal team manager with the force , said : \" It was far from your typical call for help but it was definitely one of the most rewarding . \" I have been with the force for more than 30 years and never had to deliver a baby before . \" We receive medical training but nothing can ever prepare you for such a situation . \"", "The England centre , 24 , whose deal at Welford Road runs out next summer , is attracting interest from several sides . \" We are having some very positive discussions with and and we are very positive about him staying here ,\" told BBC Radio Leicester . \" is world class . Clearly people are trying to lure him to smaller clubs by offering him huge amounts of money . \" Reports had suggested had been offered \u00a3 1.6 million over three years by Worcester Warriors , although Warriors director of rugby said on Wednesday there was no truth in the claims . Wasps director of rugby also said his club have made no move for the England centre , but Saracens , Bristol and Toulouse are also thought to be interested . , who joined Leicester as a youngster and has since won 25 caps for England , has been offered a new deal by the Tigers . \" I did n't think other clubs were allowed to speak with him until 1 January , so that surprises me ,\" added . \" is a sensible lad and I am sure we will come to a sensible conclusion and all indications are that it 's the case . \" I am confident that will stay . He has a lot of rugby left in him . \" He is a good lad . We have looked after him very well and we are confident he will stay a Leicester player . \"", ", 25 , claimed she was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six , all strangers , in four encounters spanning three years . One allegation led to the conviction of a man who was jailed for seven years . from Hounslow was found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice at Southwark Crown Court . Judge told , who was in a relationship with a woman : \" This trial has revealed , what was then not obvious , that you are a very , very convincing liar and you enjoy being seen as a victim . \" The prosecution described your life as a ' construct of bogus victimhood ' . \" These offences usually began as a drunken attempt to get your partner 's sympathy or perhaps to arouse her jealousy . \" They each began impulsively , but what is particularly chilling is the manner in which you persisted in making allegations which you knew were untrue even to the extent of committing and repeating perjury . \" Prosecutor told the court police spent 6,400 hours investigating 's lies at a cost of at least \u00a3 250,000 , and the trial cost at least \u00a3 109,000 . \" Cases such as this bring a real risk that a woman who has been raped or sexually assaulted does not complain to the police for fear of not being believed \" , the judge added . \" False allegations are likely to have the perverse impact of increasing the likelihood of guilty men going free . \" In a victim impact statement , , who was wrongly convicted of raping in 2010 , told the court he had been hugely affected by the false claim . \" One of my goals is to be a successful businessman , to have a nice family and be happy ,\" he said . \" I am working on the happiness - I have a long way to go . \" had also falsely claimed she was groped by a stranger , , in a pub in July 2012 . She alleged she was then gang-raped by him and other men , and even self-inflicted injuries to back up her claims she was assaulted with barbed wire . The following year fabricated similar allegations against six other men . She claimed two strangers sexually assaulted her and said she was gang raped again , by four others , two months later .", "Peterborough restaurant owner , 43 , was convicted of rape and grooming offences last month . During his trial at the Old Bailey , the jury was told he forced a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him after getting her drunk . He had a \" persistent and almost predatory interest \" in girls , the court heard . Det Supt from Cambridgeshire Police said the sentence showed \" just how serious this type of offence is \" . \" This represents justice for young people who had the courage to stand up in court and relive some very difficult experiences ,\" he said . was the tenth person to be convicted under Operation Erle , which focussed on allegations of sex abuse by other groups of men and boys against young girls . Four previous cases led to nine male defendants being jailed for 59 offences against 15 girls from Peterborough and elsewhere in the East Midlands . \" We are pleased with this sentence today as it represents justice for the girls and young women who suffered at the hands of this vicious criminal ,\" said , from Peterborough City Council . She praised the \" bravery \" of the victims who had given evidence during the course of the trial . \" Their courage in reliving some absolutely horrendous experiences at the hands of this criminal has enabled us to get the result we did today and means that other girls and young women are safer in our city ,\" she said . Cambridgeshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Sir described 's actions as \" crime of the worst kind \" .", "Crews were called to the incident at about 17:00 on Friday . Five appliances were initially sent to the scene with one remaining on site on Saturday afternoon . No-one was injured in the incident .", "The weather also hit Norfolk and Lincolnshire , where homes were evacuated and an air display cancelled . BBC Weather said 50mm of rain fell in Cambridgeshire in an hour , damaging the banks of the River Nene in March . A Tesco shopper said water was \" pouring through the ceiling near the fresh fish counter \" . , 32 , became trapped in his car at Bar Hill while he was visiting to buy a home in the area . Speaking from the vehicle he said : \" Water is lapping over the kerb now . People can walk through it , but it 's far more than you 'd want to drive through . \" I 'm sitting in my car on the pavement in order to maintain some height just down from the Bar Hill roundabout near Tesco . \" There are cars everywhere and the flooding is getting worse as people are trying to drive through it , but their engines are cutting out which is causing them to block the road . \" Fire service group commander said : \" We have seven crews currently in the March , Doddington and Wisbech St Mary areas , assisting with evacuating residents , salvaging and pumping water out of homes . \" The exact number of properties affected cannot be confirmed , but we understand that we are assisting currently at least 60 properties . \" He warned : \" Do n't try to drive through standing water - as well as the water damaging your car , there may be hazards under the water you ca n't see . \" A rest centre was opened in St John the Evangelist Parish Hall in Queens Street , March . There have also been reports of flash flooding in west Norfolk . Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service said officers have been dealing with about 40 flood-related calls with ongoing incidents in Swaffham , Necton , Outwell and Downham Market . Police in Cambridgeshire urged people to avoid driving on the county 's roads unless absolutely necessary due to the \" deluge of rain currently being experienced \" . Ch Insp said : \" We are assisting partner agencies including the Highways Agency , Fire and Rescue Service , Fenland District Council and Cambridgeshire County Council with road closures , evacuating residents and pulling vehicles out of flood water . \" We do not have a stock of sandbags , so please do not call 999 requesting any . \" The UK Power Network said it had been working to restore power to homes and about 400 homes were still without power at about 21:00 BST on Friday .", "An advance party of about 10 soldiers from Force Troop Command , 1 Div and Field Army training will support African Union peacekeeping efforts against the al-Shabab group . About 70 personnel will eventually be in Somalia carrying out medical , logistical and engineering duties . Around 300 troops are also be deployed to the conflict in South Sudan . Al-Shabab - the Islamist militant group allied to al-Qaeda - is battling Somalia 's government for control of the country . Who are Somalia 's al-Shabab ? New questions for African force in Somalia Somali defector : Why I left al-Shabab The group has carried out a string of attacks - including in neighbouring Kenya - and is believed to have between 7,000 and 9,000 fighters . The African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) was launched in 2007 , and is mainly comprised of troops from Uganda , Burundi , Djibouti , Kenya and Ethiopia . In South Sudan , conflict between government and rebel forces has seen more than 2.2 million people flee from their homes in the state , which broke away from Sudan in 2011 . The British troops being sent to South Sudan will also carry out engineering work to strengthen infrastructure . It follows a commitment by UK Prime Minister at the UN in New York in September . It formed part of a pledge in the Strategic Defence and Security Review to double the number of UK troops on UN \" blue-hatted \" peacekeeping tasks and support efforts to end some of the world 's most destabilising conflicts . Speaking at the time , Mr said operations \" will help to alleviate serious humanitarian and security issues ... helping to bring stability to the region and preventing these challenges from spreading further afield \" . Announcing the arrival of the team in Somalia , Defence Secretary said : \" This deployment is another demonstration of the flexibility and global reach of our armed forces . \" It showed the UK 's \" determination to tackle terrorism wherever it rears its head \" , he added . The Ministry of Defence said the UK military 's contribution to UN peacekeeping reflects a long history of supporting the organisation , including a lasting presence in Cyprus . Britain has long been a large financial contributor to UN peacekeeping missions and is the fifth highest provider of funds . But its troop commitment has been relatively small - focused mainly on 250 soldiers based in Cyprus .", "broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd at Duffus Park in Cupar , Fife , on Saturday afternoon . had previously battled a rare type of cancer , which was diagnosed just after her third birthday . Her father wrote on Facebook that his daughter was \" comfortable \" . He said : \" Summer is a tough cookie as you all know and will again bounce back . \" Mr posted on Monday morning that her operation would be taking place on Tuesday . It is believed an adult was also treated for a shoulder complaint after the incident . Organisers said every safety precaution was risk assessed .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 35-year-old has 184 goals in 252 matches in an international career spanning 15 years . She was in the 2015 World Cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds . \" It 's been an amazing , wonderful ride and I ca n't wait to see what the next chapter of my life brings ,\" she said . was the 2012 Fifa Women 's World Player of the Year and is also a six-time US Soccer Female Athlete of the Year winner . She will be with the US team for all four of its December matches , but her final game will come on 16 December against China in New Orleans as the last match of the 10-game tour . Media playback is not supported on this device \" is a player who has transcended our sport and her legacy as one of the world 's greatest players is set forever ,\" said US head coach . \" What she has done for women 's soccer and women 's sports overall with her amazing talents on the field and her personality off it has been inspiring to watch . \" I am just extremely happy that she could end her career with that elusive World Cup title and go out on top , right where she deserves to be . \" In her career , scored just over 500 goals for her high school , college , professional club teams and the United States youth and senior international sides .", "The 24-year-old has agreed a two-year-deal and will arrive following his commitments with the Stormers and Western Province in South Africa . He is the son of former Springbok and won the 2012 Under-20s World Championship with South Africa . \" I try and bring an edge to the game and make an impact ,\" told the Pro12 club 's website . \" I 've watched all of the Glasgow matches in the Champions Cup this season and northern hemisphere rugby is getting very exciting . I 'm looking forward to playing in a competitive European league . \" I know is one of the best coaches in the world , so it 's an exciting prospect to work under him next season . \" will join current team-mate in Glasgow , with the Scotland centre signing a two-year contract with the Warriors earlier this month . \" and I live together in Cape Town ,\" he explained . \" We did n't really talk about it too much before it happened , but now it 's nice to know there will be a familiar face in Glasgow . \" Last week , BBC Scotland revealed 's expected arrival , with the new recruit considered a project player by Scottish Rugby , who have monitored him for several years .", "The Vikings led the table after winning six of their first seven games but slipped from the top after losing to Warrington on 25 March . side currently lie in fifth place in the table and face league leaders Warrington again on Friday . \" I do n't see our form being that bad , we 've just lost some games ,\" told BBC Radio Merseyside . \" We 've lost some momentum to look at the table , but internally we 're still doing some good things . \" After conceding 108 points in their opening seven matches , fortunes have changed of late , with the Vikings conceding 103 points in their last four games . \" It 's about doing the little things well , keeping the confidence high and doing the things we did at the beginning of the year with the same kind of determination ,\" he added . \" We know we 've got to get moving back in the league but Warrington are saying the same thing and there are guys who are fighting to get some momentum in their league positions . \"", "The 28-year-old man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition after being found in North Street at 07:10 GMT on Saturday . A 28-year-old man of no fixed address and a 43-year-old woman from Brighton were arrested on suspicion of robbery . A 30-year-old Brighton man was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm . Sussex Police said the victim was still in hospital . Officers are still keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed the assault .", "set up meetings between the woman and a man he found through an adult website , and filmed them having sex . A court heard he sent a message containing a sexually explicit clip to the victim 's sister on Christmas Day . , 42 , was also placed on the sex offenders register . He had denied the charges but was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court . Sheriff remitted the case to the High Court in Edinburgh to be dealt with because its greater sentencing powers . , formerly of Guthrie , near Forfar , was found guilty of coercing the woman to engage in sexual activity and intercourse with the man between 10 September , 2013 and 17 September the following year . He was also convicted of intentionally causing the woman 's sister and father to look at sexual images and behaving in a threatening or abusive manner on 25 December , 2014 . The woman told the trial she had felt \" blackmailed \" by . told the Weatherhogg that she had to pass a sentence on him that \" reflected society 's abhorrence \" at such conduct . The judge said that , a first offender , had been assessed as posing \" a moderate risk \" of sexual re-offending . Defence counsel said it had been \" a dramatic shock \" for to be placed on remand ahead of sentencing .", "The 26-year-old will join Wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer for a fee believed to be \u00a3 10m . The Owls had to wait until Wednesday for the English Football League to decide if the deal had been completed by Tuesday 's 23:00 GMT deadline . scored six goals in 24 league appearances for Boro after joining from Blackburn for \u00a3 9m in January 2016 . However , the Scotland international , featured just six times this season and failed to score . He started his career with Ipswich and had loan spells with Oxford , Rochdale and Brentford before joining Huddersfield in July 2009 . scored 73 goals in 124 league appearances for the Terriers and helped them to promotion from League One in 2012 . Blackburn paid the Terriers \u00a3 8m for him in August 2012 following their relegation from the Premier League . He moved on to Boro last January after scoring 83 goals in 159 league games for Rovers and helped 's side win promotion to the Premier League . father , , is the goalkeeping coach at Hillsborough . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .", "The Academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much of its contents was destroyed in the blaze on 21 August . The school 's 453 pupils are currently being taught at four locations in the Selsey area . As well as classrooms , the temporary buildings will house science labs , workshops and food technology areas , the school said . The buildings , some of which have already been placed on the site by two large cranes , had previously been used to house staff and students from Bohunt School in Worthing while building work was carried out . , head teacher of the academy , said : \" We are absolutely delighted to see the first temporary school buildings arrive on site . It 's a great milestone for us , the staff and students alike . \" He said once the remaining structures had arrived over the next few days the school would begin preparing the rooms for teaching .", "British and Irish Lion North , 23 , has signed a new contract with Northampton Saints in England 's Premiership . The 23-year-old 's previous deal was due to expire next summer and he had been linked with a return to Wales . \" We 'd all want to see our best players playing in Wales ,\" said . \" Why would we want it any different ? \" was Scarlets chief executive when North left them for Saints in 2013 , and moved to the Pro Rugby Wales role in September 2014 . He would like to see players such as North back in Wales to offer a \" return on investment to the regions that have developed them \" as well as to reward fans and to inspire younger players . added : \" From the national squad 's point of view , the coaches are very clear that they fundamentally believe that it is a better environment in terms of player management for the players to be playing in Wales . \" They can manage them better in conjunction with the regions . \" North , capped 55 times by Wales and also a 2013 Lions tourist in Australia , has appeared 42 times for Saints . There was speculation he might emulate Wales team-mate and former regional colleague , who will return to Scarlets from Clermont Auvergne on a Welsh Rugby Union dual contract next season . Former Wales centre is also disappointed North will remain in England . \" It 's probably good for him personally because he 's at a very good club and in a very good league ,\" told Scrum V Radio . \" But I want to see all the Welsh players back . That 's going to strengthen our league and strengthen our product on the field . \" We had some great news is coming back so it 's a bit of a shame . \"", "followed up wins over world number one and Britain 's with a 6-1 6-2 demolition of Romania 's . The two-time Wimbledon champion needed just 67 minutes to win the semi-final . goes on to face Slovakian 10th seed , who beat 3-6 6-3 6-4 . , who missed four months of the season in 2015 after having surgery on her left foot , is now close to qualifying for the eight-player WTA Finals in Singapore for the first time . \" I 'm a good player ,\" said the 27-year-old . \" I can beat top players . But I was missing consistency in my game . This is the first year that I 'm really consistent playing the whole year . \" , 26 , hit 34 winners in a dominant display against , overpowering the Romanian to reach her first final of 2015 . \" It 's amazing ,\" said the two-time Wimbledon champion . \" I came to this tournament and really did n't expect this kind of performance . Physically I 'm still so-so - I 'm really happy that I 'm not falling apart . \" But I played a really great match today in spite of everything , which really put the pressure on her . \"", ", 30 , said his children clung to him during the attack by up to six men at his home at Ballymagowan Avenue , Creggan , on Monday . He said the gang dragged him from his living room to the front garden where he was beaten with iron bars and nails . Hours after the attack , a wheelie bin was set alight next to the house . Police said they consider both incidents to be linked . \" Any other night I would normally lock the door and put the keys out of reach so nobody could break the glass ,\" said . \" But the wee'uns [ children ] did n't lock the door and the next thing we heard was footsteps coming up the stairs and I just knew then that 's what it was . \" They were dragging me down the stairs into the garden and started battering me with iron bars . Just before , my wee girl clung onto me when she seen them and they just pulled her off me . \" Mr said he feared for the safety of his daughter , 9 , and his five-year-old son . \" Its terrible , I do n't think they should have had to witness anything at all . They were squealing . I was lying on the garden and they were just welting into me with iron bars with nails in them . \" While I was in the front garden getting battered they [ the gang ] were smashing up the house . One of them said that 's enough , that 's enough but the last boy out had to hit me five or six slaps more and then they ran off down the street . \" called those behind the attack \" cowards \" . \" They were shouting about coke but I do n't take any sort of drugs . I 'm addicted to prescribed medication and that 's it . I do n't bother anybody I just keep myself to myself . \" . They had to all come in masks and iron bars and it took five or six of them . \"", "The former Nova Centre in Prestatyn will be given a new gym , cafe and pool-side changing rooms as part of the \u00c2 \u00a3 4.2m revamp . Three promenade-side retail units and a soft play facility will also be built . The centre shut last February after the trust running it had its funding pulled by Denbighshire council . The work , starting on Monday , is expected to be finished by July .", "The cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims . A police spokesperson said many cases had \" multiple suspects and multiple victims \" but there was also a large number involving single suspects . Last year , 12 men were jailed for their part in the abuse of a single victim in Keighley . Eleven were jailed at Bradford Crown Court after being convicted of raping the girl from the age of 13 and another man was sentenced for sexual activity with her . The CSE figures , which were given to the Keighley News and confirmed to the BBC by police , compare with last year 's figure of 220 cases . There were 261 suspects under investigation at the same time in 2016 . A police spokesperson said : \" West Yorkshire Police and partners have been proactive in their approach to encourage victims to come forward and reassure them that all reports will be taken seriously . \" We have developed a far greater understanding of CSE than in the past and this has led to rapid action to prioritise resources to improve the identification and prosecution of perpetrators of this abhorrent crime . \"", "Eight people were found dead in the vehicle in a Walmart car park in San Antonio , Texas , and 31 others were treated . Two later died in hospital . The driver , named as , 60 , could face the death penalty . He says the immigrants were placed in his trailer while he was distracted . They were inside the trailer without access to air conditioning or water while outside temperatures hit 38C ( 100F ) . Police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling . Video footage from the store reportedly showed a number of vehicles arriving to pick up some of the survivors . Several others may have managed to escape on foot into the woods nearby . Immigration and Customs Enforcement acting head said more than 100 people could have been in the truck at one point . Mexico 's government said it was working closely with US authorities to identify the nationalities of the victims . San Antonio is a few hours' drive from the border with Mexico , and the US immigration department is trying to establish the victims' legal status . Officials were brought to the trailer by a man who had approached an employee of the Walmart store and asked for water . San Antonio police chief said in a press briefing that the people ranged from school age to in their 30s . Local fire chief said the survivors had heart rates of over 130 beats per minute and were very hot to touch . The fire chief confirmed at least two of the victims were school-age children . Their condition is not clear . The US attorney for the Western District of Texas , , said the people were helpless victims of \" ruthless human smugglers indifferent to the wellbeing of their fragile cargo \" . Experts say people smuggling is a serious issue in southern Texas , and there have been a number of similar cases in the area just in this past month . On 7 July , US Border Patrol agents found 72 undocumented immigrants from Central American countries locked inside a trailer \" with no means of escape \" . The next day 33 people were found locked inside a trailer at a checkpoint on the road to San Antonio .", "SKN Heritage Museum is showing the type of belongings brought by African-Caribbean immigrants in the 1940s and 50s . The Windrush generation responded to adverts to work in Britain but were only allowed to bring one suitcase . Organisers said the display gives a unique insight into important part of Nottingham 's history . The Windrush was named after the first boat which brought people from the Caribbean to Britain in 1948 . The exhibition , called ' From Caribbean Isles to the British Isles - Home to Home ' , aims to give an insight into people who travelled across the Atlantic to seek a better life in what was still the Empire 's \" mother country \" . Item include photographs , clothes , records and games - as well as beauty products designed for black skin and hair when none were commercially available . , the museum 's founder , cameto Nottingham from St Kitts when she was just seven years old . She said : \" Our aim is to let everyone know about the contributions that Caribbeans have made to British society and Nottingham and commemorate these achievements . \" There'sno better place tostart than Nottingham Carnival , as it 's such awell known and celebratory event in Nottingham 's calendar . \" The carnival is taking place for the first time take in two sites - the Forest Recreation Ground on Saturday and the Victoria Embankment on Sunday .", ", 43 , from Cardiff , went to Carmarthen on 5 August . When she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue , less than one mile ( 1.6km ) away , she was refused . Carmarthenshire council 's senior licensing officer , , said : \" We will investigate this matter and take any necessary steps . \" Ms told BBC Radio Cymru 's Post Cyntaf programme it took her more than an hour to reach the venue . She said : \" I went to the first taxi in the queue outside the station , I told him where I wanted to go . \" He laughed . I thought he was just joking along because I knew it was a fairly short distance . \" When I said ' seriously , can I get in the taxi ? ' He said ' no , I 'm not taking you . ' So he pointed me helpfully in the right direction and told me to walk . \" , from MS Society Cymru , said : \" We have heard of people having trouble getting taxis . \" If somebody 's still walking you ca n't see that they 're disabled - if someone 's in a wheelchair it 's really obvious . \" It 's not obvious , so I would say to people - do n't make judgements . \"", "Sgt had been sent to an alleged assault in the Waterloo Bar in Argyle Street on Wednesday night . After dealing with the incident he surprised customers by belting out the classic 70s track on the karaoke . , who filmed the performance , said : \" Everybody just loved it \" . The officer was in full uniform at the time . Mr told BBC Radio Scotland 's The Kaye Adams programme : \" Nobody expected it to happen . It was just a normal Wednesday night for us . \" They 've just launched their new wacky Wednesday which is a bit of a game show and a bit of karaoke . \" \" I think the sergeant was speaking to the karaoke host and she suggested he got up to sing but I do n't think she expected him to ,\" Mr said . \" But she held him to it just before he went out the door . The other officers were outside and they heard his name called up and they ran straight back in . \" They loved it as well . Everybody was clapping and cheering for him . \" He was hilarious , especially his pointing and his dance moves . The other policemen were standing and clapping and cheering . Not sure if he was their boss but when they first saw him it was like their dad had just got up on the karaoke . \" Ch Insp , of Police Scotland , said : \" Around 19.10 hours on Wednesday evening , officers were called following an alleged assault within the Waterloo Bar on Argyle Street in Glasgow city centre . \" A full and thorough investigation led to the arrest of a 23-year-old male who is expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on 2nd June . \" Once the inquiry had concluded and the victim 's safety ensured , Sgt from our city centre community policing team was encouraged to participate in karaoke ongoing in the pub . ' Sgt ' took to the stage which helped to defuse any simmering tensions in the pub . \" I was pleased to see that once the incident had been professionally concluded , my officers were able to share a lighter moment with those who remained in the pub . \"", "The hosts lost opener for a duck in the fourth over and ( 23 ) shortly after . ( 20 ) and ( 10 ) continued a steady fall of wickets until ( 58 ) and ( 38 ) led the hosts' recovery . However , swept through the tail to end with impressive figures of 5-55 .", "Northants elected to field first and chipped away with regular wickets as , and were all dismissed for 20 . 's haul also included the wickets of in-form and top-scorer ( 27 ) . took 2-20 as Durham hit back , but Northants finished the day 59-3 , 107 runs behind . Division Two 's bottom side Durham went into the game on the back of a dramatic defeat by Glamorgan and their fragile batting line-up was exposed by Northants' seam attack in an innings which lasted just 45.2 overs . Northants lost , and cheaply in reply , but ( 19 not out ) and ( 16 not out ) prevented further damage before bad light brought an early close . Former Derbyshire and Leeward Islands batsman , who played as a ' guest ' for Northants in their tour game against South Africa A , is making his first Championship appearance since last August , on a non-contract , pay-as-you-play basis .", ", 36 , was last seen at her home in Inverkip by her two carers at about 17:40 on Friday 28 October . She is described as about 5ft 5in tall , with collar-length black hair , brown eyes and has a heavy build , although her weight can fluctuate . Police had said they were trying to build a picture of 's life , part of which she kept \" quite private \" . When last seen , she was wearing a green tartan fleece or jumper , dark jeans or trousers , and dark Karrimor-type boots . She also had a satchel-type handbag . A police spokesman said : \" There is a specialist search team combing the area around where the missing person was last seen , this includes in the garden of her last known address . \" Speaking earlier this month , Ch Insp , area commander for Greenock , said : \" We are currently working with limited information and whilst it does seem like this is quite an unusual missing person case , it is challenging . \" As we continue to try to piece together 's life , we understand she kept a side of her life quite private so we 're trying to look into this in a bit more detail to see if this will help with our inquiries . \" We are working backwards to try to find out more about , so we 've been speaking to friends and family members to establish a clearer picture of her life over the years . \" The detective said that was a student at James Watt College in Greenock between 1996 and 1997 . He said he was keen to speak to anyone who remembered her from then , and who might have been in touch with her over the years .", "A poster for conference call firm Powwownow shows a man on an underground train surrounded by zombie-like characters in masks . Changing Faces says the adverts are \" insensitive \" because of the similarity to masks worn by people recovering from burns . says the images are not targeting those with facial disfigurements and instead show characters from \" fantasy horror \" . In one advert , a woman is shown in the middle of a group of people wearing masks similar to that of , the main character of the Friday The 13th movie franchise . In a blog post , Changing Faces chief executive , , said the tagline of the campaign - Avoid the Horror - was \" disturbing \" . He wrote : \" It reinforces the harmful association that people who wear masks as part of their treatment and who have burn scarring , are to be feared and avoided . \" Changing Faces says originally agreed to take down the adverts . In a statement to Newsbeat , a spokesman from the conferencing service said : \" When we received a complaint from Changing Faces , we pulled the advert as a mark of respect to the charity 's perspective and undertook a review of the advertising strategy . \" After this robust review , we reinstated the advert as a reflection of our belief in the creative concept , its clear reference to the fantasy horror genre and the fact that we are in no way targeting or discriminating against people with facial disfigurement , or indeed any people . \" The adverts focus purely on the horror of the commuting experience and in no way target any individuals . \" from Wrexham sustained burns to her face and body when the coach she was travelling in crashed in France in 2013 . She 's been undergoing treatment ever since . Speaking to Newsbeat , she said : \" Wearing my compression mask is why my face looks ' normal ' and was one of the most important parts of my treatment . \" This advert , suggesting people in masks are ' horrors' makes me so angry . \" \" I remember when I first went out into the public wearing my mask , and due to my eyesight I could n't see it , but my sister said almost everyone turned and gawped . \" If that is then associated with being like a horror , as the advert suggests , it could have been far worse , with hurtful reactions , rather than curious reactions which is what I received . \" insists that the characters in its campaign are \" commonplace in the world of computer games , TV , entertainment and film . \" We wish to reiterate that there is absolutely no intention to offend anyone at all . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Visitors are being offered hot drinks , pastries , calligraphy demonstrations and discussion during the \" open-house \" weekend . The country 's leading Muslim body , the French Council of the Muslim Faith ( CFCM ) , seeks to distance mainstream Islam from recent jihadist attacks . The initiative comes a year after the Charlie Hebdo killings in Paris . Jihadist gunmen killed 17 people at different Paris sites , including the offices of the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine and a kosher supermarket . Marking the anniversary of the killings , President unveiled a plaque on Saturday in tribute to one of those who died , policewoman . France also remembered the four Jewish hostages killed at the supermarket . France is still under a state of emergency after November 's Paris attacks , carried out by gunmen linked to the Islamic State group , which killed 130 people . Hundreds of French mosques are taking part in the open-house event , dubbed a \" brotherly cup of tea \" . \" The objective is to create a space where people can be together and meet normal Muslim worshippers and all of our fellow citizens ,\" CFCM President told AFP . He said the CFCM wanted to use the anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks to \" highlight the real values of Islam , to set straight the cliches about links to violence and terrorism \" .", "Total catches of cod , haddock and plaice have been increased , the Scottish government said . Catches of saithe , whiting and herring will be decreased in line with long-term management plans . Talks between the EU and Norway agreed the total allowable catch for cod would be 29,189 tonnes , 5 % up on 2014 . The increase will give UK fishermen an additional 542 tonnes and Scottish fishermen around 343 tonnes . A 6 % increase in the haddock catch to 40,711 tonnes gives the UK an additional 3,468 tonnes and Scottish fishermen more than 2,500 extra tonnes . Scottish Fisheries Secretary said : \" I am pleased there has been an increase in the quota of these key stocks for next year which is in line with the recent scientific advice that the stocks are in good shape . \" It is welcome the agreement has been reached quickly this year compared to the protracted talks last year and will provide certainty for the industry about opportunities in 2015 and avoids any delays to the commencement of fishing in the new year . \" There is much to be done to prepare for the discard ban which starts to come into force for white fish from 2016 . This outcome will help these stocks continue to rebuild next year while also helping to minimise discards , and should provide a sound launchpad for establishing the following year 's quota under the ban . \" We now look ahead to the crucial December EU fisheries council when we will be highlighting again that our vessels need to retain the number of days they can go to sea as any cut would simply be counterproductive . \" UK Fisheries Minister said the agreements were an \" excellent result for the UK \" . He said : \" It sees UK fishermen getting a 5 % increase in their quota for cod - the second successive rise in annual cod quota in two years . The increase is an encouraging sign that we are achieving our goals ; a thriving fishing industry with sustainable fish stocks . \" The deal also saw a 7 % rise in North Sea haddock and 15 % rise in plaice quotas . This is great news for our fisheries ahead of vital quota negotiations next month where I will be representing UK fishermen . \"", "The Dufton Europa plane crash landed in a field in Maidwell on Thursday afternoon . Emergency services were called to the field , but found an empty plane . Ambulance crews found the pilot and his wife , of Houghton Regis , Bedfordshire , at the The Stags Head , where they had walked after the ordeal . , the manager of the pub , said : \" A lady came in her with her husband . It was not until she ordered a drink ( non-alcoholic ) that she said she was a bit shaken up because she 'd just had a plane crash . I asked if she was OK and she had a little bit of a cut to her arm . Other than that she seemed OK . \" It 's not often you have plane crashes where people are able to walk away . \" An off duty policeman alerted the ambulance crews of the couple 's whereabouts . An East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said an ambulance and an air ambulance went to the accident at about 16:30 BST . \" Both patients were found away from the aircraft and were checked over by the doctor but did n't require any further treatment ,\" she said . The Air Accident Investigation Branch has yet to comment .", "Fly-half and flanker have both recovered from calf injuries and should be available at Murrayfield . was injured against Castres on 20 January but is said to be \" feeling very positive \" about his recovery . However , uncapped Munster wing has been ruled out after aggravating an existing groin problem . Ireland playmaker has the chance to cement his starting spot , provided he comes through Tuesday 's session . Ulster 's will start for 's side if the Leinster star is ruled out while Munster 's has joined the squad as cover for the time being . \" 's making good progress and he 's back on track to train on Tuesday ,\" said Ireland team manager . \" I think everything is fine , he 's being very positive about it . \" has completed the rehabilitation on his calf issue and was expected to take full part in Monday afternoon 's training session . Full-back says Ireland remain unfazed by his Leinster team-mate 's latest quest for full fitness . battled hamstring trouble before the turn of the year , with this calf problem proving yet another unwanted hurdle . labelled injury doubts \" par for the course \" in any Test week , then tipped 's understudy to thrive if pressed into service from the start in Scotland . \" We 're all so used to it now ,\" said , of general battles for fitness . \" On a weekly basis , more often than not , there 's someone going in or out . \" Someone picks up a niggle or they 're not fully fit , so the coach does n't risk them . The way Test rugby is now , it 's par for the course . \" [ ] has been there all last week running the plays . He 's more than equipped and he 's got a week head-start . \"", "Mr had said the trafficker was paid less than he actually was for money wrongly confiscated by the state . He also said details of the payment - authorised by Mr as prosecutor - had been lost , but this was not so . The resignations are a blow to the Liberal party as it faces an election . Mr and Mr are both from the conservative wing of the party , which faces a challenge from far-right Freedom Party in provincial elections this month . The resignations are also expected to place a strain on the Liberal 's coalition with the Labour party , which has been very critical of Mr and Mr . The justice minister had claimed that a convicted drug trafficker , , was paid much less than the compensation of 4.7 million Dutch guilders - worth \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2.1m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.5m ; $ 2.3m ) in current terms - that he in fact received . He also said that the details of the payment had been lost . On Monday , however , Mr said a record of the transaction had been found . \" This information could have been found earlier ,\" he told reporters . \" I take full responsibility for this and have just now offered my resignation to the king . \" The payment was made after the authorities were unable to prove that money they had confiscated from had been obtained illegally . Mr , who was a prosecutor at the time , had authorised the settlement . The payment was not illegal . However , both ministers said the misinformation had made their positions untenable , Reuters news agency reports .", "Forfar are seven points clear of Arbroath , who move above Elgin City by beating them 3-2 . Edinburgh City extended their unbeaten league run to seven matches with a 0-0 draw at Clyde 's Broadwood Stadium . Montrose won 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers , while Stirling Albion beat to move off bottom spot . 's free-kick gave the lead against Forfar , but headed the visitors level . 's first strike of the day temporarily gave his side the lead , only for to convert another free-kick . 's strike put the hosts back in front , fired Forfar level again and 's left-foot shot in stoppage time settled the match . There was also late drama at Gayfield , where moved into a two-goal lead through strikes by and . headed Arbroath back into the match and then set up to equalise . The hosts had on-loan Dundee United defender sent off for a second booking and Elgin 's suffered the same fate . There was a further twist in the tale as fouled and converted the resulting penalty . It was an early spot-kick that gave the lead at Forthbank Stadium , scoring after had impeded . 's strike and 's header turned the match in Stirling 's favour in the first half and fired Albion 's clinching goal 15 minutes from the end . and substitute netted either side of 's leveller as Montrose claimed their second consecutive win over Berwick , with all three goals coming in the second half .", "The park authority 's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing . However , it added that the developer 's three planning applications for the project were \" not deemed to meet with a range of other planning policies \" . Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd , part of the Tulloch Homes Group , had sought approval for the scheme . The housing project has been going through the planning process for more than 10 years . Among the planning committee 's reasons for refusal were that environmental impacts had not been fully assessed . Rare red squirrels , capercaillie and wood ants had been recorded in the area . Committee members were also told the village 's Carr Road was unsuitable as an access for the majority of houses proposed . Carrbridge , known for its 18th century packhorse bridge , has a population of about 700 people .", "Patients on two wards at University Hospital Llandough are suffering from the illness , which can pass quickly from person to person . The hospital said the spread of the virus would be limited if people made only absolutely necessary visits . Cardiff and Vale health board said it was asking people to be \" sensible \" . Chief operating officer said : \" Many people will have the norovirus bug at this time of year - we see it every year and , for most people , it will be unpleasant but not serious . \" But when norovirus spreads in hospitals , where patients are already unwell and are in close proximity to each other on wards , the effects can be more serious . \" Norovirus is a highly contagious virus which causes nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . The symptoms begin about 12 to 48 hours after infection and usually last for between 12 and 60 hours .", "\" The gritters are now travelling to various workshops for maintenance , just like getting a car serviced ,\" said a highways official . The \" low-risk \" season begins in October with \" high-risk \" starting in November . The county council said they had to think about the upcoming winter even when it was \" boiling hot \" . The fleet of more than 40 vehicles covers about 1,865 miles ( 3,000km ) of roads including all major traffic routes and selected A and B roads . Officials said the service was stood down in April but had to start again surprisingly soon . , from county council highways , said : \" The end of summer is a busy time , even when it is boiling hot we have to think about it . \" We have drivers go out during the day to make sure they know the routes , iron out any wrinkles . \" The authority said it had about 35,000 tonnes of salt in stock and would expect to use about 25,000 tonnes in an average year .", "The way we work , play and live with robots is changing . In a special series travels the country meeting the robots of the future and the scientists working on them . From spending a night in a robot house to getting a brain scan , finds out how and why our relationship with robots is changing , fast . Check out his first report here ...", "Although had fallen out with and just before the two-year-old 's death she had been very close friends with the pair . She said she never suspected any wrongdoing during the time she knew the Fees . The couple were convicted of killing at his Fife home in March 2014 . They had blamed another boy for the murder . Ms said she would now change a \" friends forever \" tattoo , that she had done with the Fees , so she would not have a daily reminder of the women . She said : \" I was shocked , totally shocked when everything happened . \" I looked out of my window and I saw a load of ambulances and I saw them standing in the street shouting ' help ' . \" I did n't know what to do at the time as we were n't talking . \" Ms said she regretted that \" nothing \" could be done now that was gone . Ms said that when she went into the 's house to feed their snakes when they were on holiday in St Andrews there was \" nothing out of place \" to make her suspect the pair were doing harm . She said : \" They are going to be in jail for sometime but they do n't even deserve a place in prison because they are still going to get everything paid for them and they are still going to get every day of their lives . \" It 's not fair because they are going to come out and they are still going to have their own lives to lead and little , where is he ? Nowhere . \" He 's not got a life . So it 's never going to be enough , never . \" She said there was nothing she could have done to stop the couple as she was unaware there were any problems . The former friend also said she did not think social services could have done any more to help the children .", "Specialist newsprint manufacturer Palm Paper has submitted the planning application in a bid to cut its reliance on imported energy . Due to its size , the application will be decided by the secretary of state instead of West Norfolk Borough Council . The plan includes a gas-fired turbine . Palm Paper 's King 's Lynn mill began production in August 2009 and in January this year produced its second millionth tonne of newsprint paper . The company said generating its own electricity and steam would help reduce its carbon footprint . The proposed new plant would replace existing boilers . No concerns have been raised about air quality issues but an environmental management plan is proposed . It would prevent construction work generating dust and emissions , which would constitute a risk to health or nuisance to local people or industry .", "Most migrants were said to have relocated to accommodation in refitted shipping containers but some moved their tents further inside the camp . Authorities want to clear the area next to a motorway for security reasons . Riot police have been overseeing the operation which seemed to be happening without incident . The move is part of a new housing project in attempts to improve conditions in the camp , which is used by about 5,000 migrants and refugees . The 125 converted containers are equipped with electricity , heating and bunk beds , and each one can accommodate 12 people . Officials had given between 1,000 and 1,500 residents until last Thursday to leave the area , but they were reportedly given a grace period until Monday . But many migrants and refugees had refused to use the new accommodation and moved their temporary homes further inside the camp , despite poor living conditions . Many reportedly feared they could be permanently trapped at the new camp , unable to continue their attempts to cross to the UK . Some also expressed their unhappiness about leaving an area where they have established a community , and are concerned about their future treatment by the authorities . \" This ( the container camp ) is the same as a jail . It is not good ,\" one resident told the BBC . Volunteers helped residents to move their tents from the area in recent days . French and British officials want to reduce the number of migrants in Calais and deter others from arriving in the hope of reaching the UK .", "Essex Police said two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed in Colchester between 18:22 and 18:31 GMT on Saturday . As a result , the force 's temporary deputy chief constable approved use of additional powers to search people . The \" robust policing tactic \" was used for three hours to \" ensure order had been fully restored \" , the force said . A 17-year-old boy and an 18-year-old man from London were arrested , along with a 21-year-old man from Barking . Ch Insp said none of those who were stabbed suffered life-threatening injuries . \" This is a rare situation in any town and we are using the full range of legal tools at our disposal to keep the overwhelming majority of people safe , while making sure those intent on causing trouble will be swiftly picked up and dealt with ,\" he said . \" We will be pursuing a vigorous investigation to put all those we can find who are responsible for this detestable behaviour before the courts . \" The use of section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 gives officers the power to search people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to have a reasonable suspicion . The powers were in force in Colchester town centre from 18:40 until 21:50 GMT on Saturday . Read more on this and other stories on the BBC Essex Live page Colchester MP said he supported the force 's use of the powers in this instance . \" Their swift action in getting the section 60 order , which is a rarely used piece of legislation , means they can stop anybody without reasonable cause to check if they have a weapon within a certain time frame - I applaud the police for doing that ,\" he said .", "The proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the US . Charter is also buying Bright House Networks , another cable operator , for $ 10.4bn . The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers in 41 states . Charter will pay about $ 55bn in cash and stock for Time Warner Cable , with the balance of the $ 78.7bn valuation coming from TWC 's debts . US cable companies are facing stiff competition from online service providers such as Amazon and Netflix , as customers increasingly choose to stream films and television shows over the internet at a time of their convenience . Cable companies are responding by trying to cut costs and improve the quality of their shows . The new merged cable giant will compete with US cable market leader Comcast , which currently has about 27 million customers . Charter 's takeover move comes a month after Comcast abandoned its plan to buy Time Warner Cable fearing pressure from regulators . The latest deal is also likely to come under regulatory scrutiny , and the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) quickly issued a statement . \" The FCC reviews every merger on its merits and determines whether it would be in the public interest ,\" FCC chairman said . \" In applying the public interest test , an absence of harm is not sufficient . The commission will look to see how American consumers would benefit if the deal were to be approved . \" The merged company would still be smaller than Comcast , which serves about a third of US broadband customers , said analyst of Moffett Nathanson Research . \" One has to be sober about genuine risks that this deal could still be rejected ,\" he added . Liberty Broadband , which currently owns about a quarter of Charter , is expected to own about 20 % of the new company . The deal values Time Warner Cable at $ 195.71 per share .", "The Night Wolves had planned to enter next week as part of a ride across Europe to commemorate the 70th anniversary of World War Two . Polish Prime Minister had called the plan a \" provocation \" . The Night Wolves' vice-president , , has insisted the bikers still intend to make the trip . \" Everything remains the same . We 're starting tomorrow as planned ,\" he told Interfax news agency . The Night Wolves are subject to US sanctions for alleged active involvement in Crimea and for helping to recruit separatist fighters for Russian-backed rebels in eastern Ukraine . Russia 's foreign ministry said it was \" outraged \" at Poland 's decision . The Night Wolves' planned road trip through Poland stirred such controversy because of the group 's close association with and its support of Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine . They are viewed in Poland as the \" Kremlin 's Hells Angels \" . The day after news of the trip appeared earlier this month many Polish newspapers illustrated the story with a photograph showing a sunglass-wearing , helmetless Russian president riding an enormous three-wheeled Harley-Davidson Lehman Trike with the club in Crimea in 2010 . A Facebook page entitled \" No to the Russian bandits' ride through Poland \" quickly garnered support from more than 10,000 people . The page 's co-host , a biker from Krakow , told me the Night Wolves were not motorcycle enthusiasts but criminals , some of whom had taken part in the fighting in eastern Ukraine . Besides , he added , Poles remembered the Soviet occupation of Poland . Warsaw has been a strong critic of Moscow 's actions in Ukraine . The Polish foreign ministry said three other Russian biker groups would be allowed into the country . But it said it was notified of the group 's plans only on Monday , and without details of the route or number of participants . The ministry added that it had informed the Russian embassy in Warsaw that the lack of information meant \" it could not ensure proper security for the participants \" . However , Russia 's foreign ministry said in a statement : \" It is clear that the decision that was taken has a political motive . \" The Night Wolves intend to cross several countries , following a path taken by the Red Army in World War Two , with the aim of arriving in Berlin in time for 9 May Victory Day celebrations in Moscow . The 6,000km ( 3,720 mile ) road trip would take them through Russia , Belarus , Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Austria , before reaching Germany .", "The 32-year-old had been in poor form but made a double century to inspire his side 's fightback after England made 629-6 declared in Cape Town . \" I believe I can be of greater value as a fully focused batsman and senior player at this time ,\" said . will lead South Africa in the third Test in Johannesburg , which starts on 14 January . After his appointment as successor to in June 2014 , captained the world number one side in 14 Tests . He won four and drew six but came under pressure during a 3-0 series defeat in India . said he had considered quitting before the start of the series against England , who won the first Test by 241 runs in Durban last week . Until his marathon effort at Newlands , , a veteran of 90 Tests and 7,108 runs , had not hit a Test century since December 2014 . \" I honestly feel a lot of the criticism that has faced in the last couple of weeks is very harsh ,\" said South Africa coach . \" He is one of South Africa 's greatest players . There has n't been enough respect shown of his achievements as a player . \" had raised doubts about his future in Test cricket during the first Test because of his busy workload , and handed over wicketkeeping duties to for the second match . The 31-year-old , who already leads the one-day side , said : \" It is an incredible honour to captain South Africa in any format . The captaincy has obviously come at short notice and is the realisation of a lifelong dream . \" At the moment my priority and focus is placed on leading this team to what can be a memorable series win against England . This Test squad is motivated and determined to turn our performances around and I 'm looking forward to taking up that challenge as captain . \" England captain was sad to learn of 's resignation . \" You 're under pressure as a captain for a lot of the time ,\" said . \" It 's always sad when someone steps down because to captain your country is a huge honour and a real privilege . \" He 'll have his reasons and I wish him all the best - he 's a really nice guy . \" Cricket South Africa chief executive said \" still had a huge role to play in shaping the success of our team \" . He added : \" He is just that type of a person and we are very fortunate to have him in our stable . \" I want to thank AB for readily accepting the challenge of rebuilding our Test team as we seek to remain the best team in the world . \"", "Forecasts were for quarterly growth of between 0.5 % and 0.7 % . Official statistics also showed that household consumption expenditure boosted the quarterly growth numbers . But economist told the BBC the numbers were \" well below potential \" . On an annual basis the economy expanded 2.3 % , beating expectations for 2.1 % . Economic growth in the March quarter of 2014 was 2.9 % . \" The March quarter GDP [ gross domestic product ] growth was far better than feared just a few days ago ,\" said Mr , who is chief economist with AMP Capital in Sydney . \" However , Australia is still not out of the woods , as annual growth at 2.3 % is well below potential , and a full 0.8 % percentage points of the 0.9 % growth came from higher inventories and trade . \" He said domestic demand remained \" very weak with consumer spending and home construction only just offsetting the ongoing slump in mining investment \" . \" So the Australian economy has not crashed - as many had feared would happen after the end of the mining boom - but it is continuing to grow at a sub par pace ,\" he added . Australia 's economy has been adjusting to a post mining-boom landscape . It saw its economy grow 0.5 % in the October to December 2014 period from the quarter before , when growth was 0.4 % . On Tuesday , the country 's central bank , the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) , did not cut its lending rates further to help boost the economy , despite pressure from businesses to do so . The decision saw Australian stocks fall 1.72 % as investors saw little hope of a further cut in the near future . However , from IG Markets in Melbourne said \" the collapse of [ Australian stocks ] on the back of the RBA not having an explicit easing bias ... was a bit of an overreaction \" . In May , the RBA cut its benchmark lending rate by 25 basis points to an all-time low of 2 % . Rising property prices in Australia 's biggest city , Sydney , a strong currency and a drop in iron ore prices were among the reasons for the cut . The May rate cut was the second this year , following a previous 25 basis point cut in February and followed similar action from central banks in China , Canada , Singapore , Korea and India . A rising Australian dollar had also been cause for concern , particularly for Australia 's big mining and energy exporters . Mr said more help would likely to be required \" in the form of an even lower Australian dollar - and to ensure this happens the RBA may yet still have to cut interest rates further into record low territory . \"", "But the summer visitor is in decline and , according to a new study , its migratory habits may be to blame . Scientists have tagged birds leaving the UK and believe they take two different routes on their journey to spend the winter in Africa . Surprisingly , survival is lower on the shorter route via Spain , they report in the journal , Nature Communications . And this suggests that migration - as well as other factors such as loss of farmland and insect food - may be to blame for the cuckoo 's decline . More than half of cuckoos in the UK have been lost over the past 20 years , according to the British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) in Norfolk , which led the research . \" That pattern of starting in the same place but taking two very different routes to get there has not been seen before in any birds , to the best of our knowledge ,\" said lead researcher Dr . \" We need to understand the full annual cycle of a migratory bird in order to understand its population decline . \" Facts about the common cuckoo Source : British Library / RSPB / BTO Since 2011 , the BTO has been satellite-tracking cuckoos to study their migration patterns when they leave the UK . Working with the University of Copenhagen , the charitable research institute used satellite tags to track 42 male common cuckoos from the UK population during more than 50 autumn migrations . The researchers found that birds from declining populations were more likely to migrate to winter breeding grounds in central Africa along a western route ( through Spain ) than along an eastern route ( via Italy and the Balkans ) . The higher mortality occurred before reaching the harsh environment of the Sahara desert , despite the fact that the western route is about a tenth shorter at this point . The scientists think birds may have encountered challenging drought conditions in Spain . Alternatively , they may have been deprived of insect food such as hairy caterpillars before leaving the UK , leaving them with lower fat stores for their hazardous journey . Migratory bird species are increasingly threatened around the world due to factors including climate change , habitat change and habitat loss . Migratory birds ' lack world protection ' Understanding where mortality occurs during their annual cycles is therefore increasingly important , especially for long-distance migratory land birds , which show some of the steepest population declines , say the scientists . Follow on Twitter .", ", 41 , moved to eight under par at Barseback Golf and Country Club to lead from Italy 's . Englishmen and , who was tied for the lead on Thursday , are a stroke further back in Malmo . \" I made some great escapes and the chipping and putting has been better ,\" said . \" I 've just got to keep doing the same things , do n't think too far ahead about winning tournaments as yet because it 's only two rounds in . \" , who is looking for a fourth European Tour title , carded five birdies and just his first bogey of the week to take the lead . \" I 've been playing some nice golf and just not been able to put it all together , the first couple of days here I 've been able to do that ,\" added the world number 256 . , who secured a rookie season on the European Tour via the qualifying school , had shared the overnight lead with , but the 23-year-old could only add a level-par 73 to his opening 68 . He and 39-year-old , who is seeking his second win of the season , are joined in tied third by France 's .", "There are currently five drop-in clinics in England for victims of the practice , which affects an estimated 200 million women and girls worldwide . But there is no such medical provision in Wales . Now charity Bawso is working to open a pilot clinic at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary to provide medical and psychological help to survivors . In 2014-15 Bawso supported 788 families affected by FGM in Wales which , according to the World Health Organization involves \" the partial or total removal of the female external genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons \" . 's violence against women director Dr said : \" In the UK there are women 's clinics for women who have had FGM , for medical and psychological help . Survivors can just walk in and ask for help . \" But in Wales we do n't have any of that . We are trying to make a case to health agencies that we need to have this kind of clinic , even if it is initially for one day a week for a year to see if there is a demand . \" Dr believes there is a big gap in the support provided , and that many survivors of FGM in Wales are not known about . She said : \" I worked with a young women recently - a survivor of FGM - who wanted medical help as she was having problems . Although she wanted help she was already in two minds about having anything done as she was going against her parents . \" We tried to get her help from the clinic in Bristol , but there were delays because she was outside the area , so in the end it did n't happen and she is still living with these problems now . \" The call comes as the world marks the international day of zero tolerance to FGM - a UN-sponsored event to raise awareness of the issue . Although it has been illegal to carry out FGM in the UK since 1985 , there have been no successful prosecutions relating to the practice , which is carried out for cultural and religious reasons in certain communities .", "Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders visitor centre in Jedburgh . It comes ahead of a number proposals , which are at various stages of the planning process , to open the region 's first whisky distillery since 1837 . Lead distiller said the potential to make the Scottish Borders a \" region of distilling excellence \" was \" really exciting \" . \" Our gin production is on a completely different scale to the other distilleries in development ,\" she said . \" Our still is one of the smallest production stills in the UK , and our entire operation fits into a cowshed , but if people like our gin , that 's all that matters . \" We have a rich abundance of wild food on our doorstep in the Teviot valley , and Lilliard Gin aims to capture that and convey a true sense of the local flavour palette and our Borders ' terroir '.\" , of Born in the Borders , said the gin distillery was a natural companion to the Scottish Borders Brewery on the site . \" To be able to play host to the first new distillery in the Borders in nearly 200 years is incredible ,\" he said . \" And the fact that Lilliard Gin are looking to use Borders botanicals means they are completely in tune with our own ethos of local sourcing . \" We just ca n't wait for them to get started , and to taste their gin . \" The gin takes its name from a legendary Borders figure . \" was the heroine of the Battle of Ancrum Moor in 1545 , fought just north of the distillery ,\" explained Ms . \" reputedly fought to avenge the death of her lover at the hands of the English . The battle site is also known as Lilliard 's Edge . \" We wanted a name that reflected our landscape , and our strong female production team , and seemed like a natural choice . \"", "About half of the former factory in Radford , built in 1895 , has now been torn down in a series of controlled demolitions . The decision on whether to erase it completely will be made by its owners and insurers . Senior firefighters have said the blaze at the Victorian landmark , which was being converted into student accommodation , was the most complex they had ever dealt with . So how much damage has the fire done to the city 's architectural landscape ? , curator of community history for Nottingham City Museums and Galleries describes the site as \" significant \" in terms of the social and economic history of the city . She says the factory was envisaged in the 1880s and was the only remaining one commissioned by himself . \" Radford was an undeveloped area before these factories were built , so it really showed the growth ,\" Ms said . \" It was built just after Radford Boulevard was laid down and it was the building up of Radford , so that 's why it was so significant . \" Players built three factories in the area , though they originally only needed one . It was used by the lace-making industry before cigarette production began there in 1903 . Players' Victorian factories featured high ceilings and large windows . Many of the company 's original buildings were demolished when the larger Horizon factory was built to meet the firm 's production needs in Lenton in the 1970s . \" Players relocated because they could n't build anymore in Radford as there was so much housing and that 's why there 's been a slow erosion of these buildings . \" The firm 's advertising later took off through slogans such as \" Player 's Please \" , which was registered in 1924 . 's sponsorship of major sporting events such as motor racing , tennis and rugby in the last half of the 20th Century also helped it become a household name . The Lotus Formula One team was sponsored by from the late 1960s until the 1980s . In 2009 , the city council and the University of Nottingham began an online archive of more than 20,000 objects from the firm 's history . The items include adverts , packaging and enamel signs from the 1890s to the 1980s .", ", 20 , is charged with misdemeanour hazing after the alleged attack last October on , 19 , at Central Michigan University . Mr , who was sleeping at the time of the incident , sought medical treatment for serous facial swelling . The accused could get 93 days in jail and a $ 1,000 ( \u00c2 \u00a3 800 ) fine if convicted . Mr 's legal representative told the Detroit Free Press his client , who was charged on Friday in Isabella County District Court , was innocent . \" This case has been blown way out of proportion by the individual 's family members , who were not present and do n't have any of the facts ,\" lawyer told the newspaper . It is an induction ritual meted out typically to new members of the US college men and women 's social clubs known as fraternities and sororities , but also to military recruits . The practice can include physical violence , sexual coercion , forced alcohol consumption , or degrading and dangerous \" pranks \" such as forcing people to eat vile food mixtures or consume large amounts of water . It is illegal in most US states , amounting usually to a misdemeanour charge , unless there are serious injuries . There has been a nationwide crackdown on hazing after high-profile deaths including that of Florida A & M University drumming student . Why is hazing so common ? Mr was targeted at an off-campus fraternity house , Alpha Chi Rho , which was sanctioned in 2011 for hazing incidents . His mother , , wrote about the alleged hazing in a viral Facebook post in March , saying : \" He could have been killed . \" The accounting student only told his family what had happened months afterwards . He blamed the incident for his decision to leave the college . The teenager 's father , , told CBS News his son could have been killed if the peanut butter had entered his mouth . The family said their son had made known to other members of the fraternity that he had a severe peanut allergy , for which he carries medication . The National Fraternity of Alphi Chi Rho condemned the incident , saying it did not condone such behaviour . \" Alpha Chi Rho is appalled and upset by the actions taken by individuals against ,\" said its statement .", "A social media campaign had proposed giving Halti mountain summit to Finland for its 100th birthday next year . The border between the two countries runs up the mountain near its peak . But Norwegian Prime Minister said that sadly she had had to turn down the idea because the country 's constitution prohibited any sacrifice of Norwegian territory . Part of Halti mountain is already in Finland - and forms its current highest point - but the peak is 20m ( 66ft ) across the border inside Norwegian territory . Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit , at 1,330m ( 4,363 ft ) , to Finland , saying the change would be barely visible on the map . They had argued that the peak \" would be a wonderful gift to our sister nation \" to mark its independence from Russia , and not a big loss to mountainous Norway , which has much higher peaks . The campaign 's Facebook page got 17,000 likes , with support from both sides of the border . But it hit upon an insurmountable legal issue . \" Border adjustments between countries raise challenging legal problems , among them linked to the Norwegian constitution ,\" Ms wrote to , the mayor of the town of Kaafjord in northern Norway , who supported the campaign . Norway 's 1814 constitution stipulates that the country is \" indivisible \" - and apparently not even an area the size of a football pitch can be split off . \" We will instead consider another suitable gift to Finland on its anniversary ,\" the prime minister added .", "Mr , former head of Exxon Mobil with no previous political experience , said in an interview he was \" stunned \" with the invitation . \" I did n't want this job . I did n't seek this job ,\" he told the conservative website Independent Journal Review ( IJR ) during his recent visit to Asia . \" My wife told me I 'm supposed to do this . \" In the wide-ranging interview , Mr said he had been due to retire this month after spending more than 40 years at oil giant Exxon Mobil . He turns 65 on Thursday . \" I was going to go to the ranch to be with my grandkids ,\" he added in the interview , as he returned to the US from Beijing . Mr said he had never met before his election in November . When he was invited for a conversation with the then president-elect , he thought they would talk \" about the world \" given his experiences at the oil company , he added . \" When he asked me at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state , I was stunned . \" Mr then gave the news to his wife , , who said : \" I told you 's not through with you . \" He added : \" My wife convinced me . She was right . I 'm supposed to do this . \" It was Mr 's first interview since he took office and correspondents say he has so far kept a low profile at the state department . He came under criticism after the state department press corps was not taken along with him on his trip to Asia . The IJR 's was the only reporter allowed to travel with him . The state department said this was because of the size of the plane . But in the interview Mr said : \" I 'm not a big media press access person . I personally do n't need it . \" I understand it 's important to get the message of what we 're doing out , but I also think there 's only a purpose in getting the message out when there 's something to be done . \" Mr has also been criticised for his close ties with Russian President . But when the subject came up in the interview , the IJR said : \" He was so cagey when Russia came up , for example , that his answer was n't even worthy of inclusion . \"", "Suffolk side Needham Market FC were heading to Folkestone when they hit a jam on the M20 in Kent on Saturday . As reported on the Ryman Football League website , they were approached by a woman who was late for her wedding . Club secretary said they wanted to know if she got to the church on time and to congratulate her . More news from Suffolk Despite posing for the photo with the bride-to-be - who appeared to be in decent spirits even though her journey to her wedding had been disrupted - it appeared none of the men had asked her what her name was , where she was from or where she was going , Mr said . \" Everyone had got out of the coach and was sitting at the side of the road in the blistering heat , when she wandered along and said ' Lads , can I have a photo with you on my wedding day ?' . \" She was obviously as late as everyone else and we 've no idea how long she kept the groom waiting at the altar , but we 'd dearly love someone to contact the club and tell us who she is , as we think she brought us luck ,\" he said . The Ryman Premier League side beat Folkestone Invicta 1-0 when they eventually kicked off an hour later than planned . The M20 remained partially closed until Sunday after the bridge collapsed on Saturday lunchtime after being hit by a lorry carrying a digger . Two large cranes cleared the debris from the road which is the main route to the Channel Tunnel . A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when he threw himself from his bike to avoid hitting the fallen bridge but nobody else was injured .", "The 18-year-old from Birmingham was detained after arriving back in the UK on Saturday morning . It follows the arrest of a 24-year-old man and 20-year-old woman , both from Birmingham , on 4 April , who are on bail , West Midlands police said . It is not in connected with five terror arrests on Friday linked to attacks in Europe , the force confirmed .", "It is hoped models of three soldiers - each depicting one of the old regiments - will be cast in bronze and displayed at the Arboretum in Staffordshire . The Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association said a \" substantial amount \" of the \u00c2 \u00a3 140,000 cost had been raised . A fundraising appeal has now been launched to raise the remaining money . , of the Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association , said the sculptures would also be a \" salute \" to the families of those people who served in the three disbanded regiments , \" not only in the small operations during so-called peace time but in the two devastating world wars \" . , who served in the 2nd Battalion Dorset Regiment , completing three tours in Northern Ireland , said the statues \" mean a lot \" . \" I 've been to the National Memorial Arboretum three times and the names of my soldiers that fell are engraved on the walls there , but it 's nice to have something to compliment that and for the rest of the nation to see and ponder about ,\" he said . The sculptures will be created in Andover , Hampshire , before moving to the Arboretum in Alrewas - the UK 's national site of remembrance .", "tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow 's Easterhouse , but left empty-handed after the worker shouted to her mother who also worked there . The High Court in Glasgow heard that 's \" very distinctive \" hair could be seen on the footage . The 43-year-old , from Cranhill , will be sentenced in the new year . It emerged had served a number of lengthy jail terms for similar crimes . He had only recently been released after being jailed for a robbery in 2009 before the latest attack in October .", "The coins , which are known as Scottish groats , were discovered by keen metal detector last January . They were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge . Experts believe they are part of a larger hoard of coins found by Mr in the same field in 2001 . The collection was probably dispersed over time through ploughing . This was Mr 's fourth time at a treasure trove inquest . He said his success was about \" knowing where to go \" and \" having a fair idea of where to look \" . \" There is more chance of finding something where you know people would have been living 1,000 years ago ,\" he added . He said discovering long-buried artefacts was a \" euphoric \" feeling . \" It 's not so much the money , it 's the fact that you are the first person to touch something in 700 years ,\" he said . \" I found a 3,000-year-old bronze axe about 10 years ago and it 's the idea that something has been hidden for so long and then you get to see it and touch it . \" Former curator at the Ulster Museum , , said the hoard of coins was probably buried near a landmark - a small Rath ring fort . The person who left them may have died before reclaiming them . He said finds like this one are significant because they are specific to a particular time and to this part of Northern Ireland . \" You find virtually nothing like this in the south of Ireland and they peter out in the west ,\" he said . \" There have been a cluster of these sorts of finds in eastern Ulster . \" The coins will now be sent to the British Museum in London for valuation . It is thought they are probably worth between \u00c2 \u00a3 50 and \u00c2 \u00a3 100 each . They will be offered for sale and any profit is split between the finder and the owner of the land where the treasure was uncovered .", "had been with a group of teenagers on the north pier at Cullercoats Bay on Saturday evening . Northumbria Police said she was rescued from the side of the bay by a member of the public . died in hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest . Her mother , , said she had lost her \" everything \" . Mrs has warned young people \" not to take water for granted , because it is dangerous \" . \" I 've lost my daughter through it ,\" she said . \" She was stunning , she was my everything really , she was my friend . \" 's friends and family have been paying their respects at Cullercoats Bay , writing messages in the sand and leaving flowers . A RNLI lifeboat , a Coastguard search-and-rescue helicopter and police were called to the scene at about 20:00 GMT . was taken to Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital in Cramlington . Another 15-year old girl , and a boy and girl both aged 14 , were also taken to hospital as a precaution but were uninjured , police said . Ch Insp issued a warning that \" people can be taken unawares by the strength of the waves \" when it is dark and cold . \" People should always be careful around water and if the sea is looking rough with waves pounding on to the pier , we would advise people to be particularly cautious and keep their distance ,\" he said . A Cullercoats resident who witnessed the rescue operation said the weather had been \" absolutely freezing \" . Newcastle University lecturer said the beach was a popular place for teenagers to congregate . \" It was minus 2C , but once you get out on the front it was just bitterly , bitterly cold ,\" she said .", "The scooter was riding on with collided with a truck in Phuket on 8 May . Mr , 29 , originally from Margate , escaped serious injury . Now he and the lorry driver are to be charged with causing death by reckless driving , Thai police said . Mr - who lived in Thailand with - is to hear the charges formally on Thursday and a translator has been called in for the hearing . His family is expected to attend . , 41 , originally from Blackpool , was a keen video blogger , as was Mr . She had a YouTube channel called 's Joy Breastfeeding Mama , on which she uploaded videos about nursing her son until the age of eight . After her death Mr paid tribute to her in a video he uploaded on YouTube . He said he \" missed her so much \" and added : \" Somebody wake me up from this nightmare ... she is meant to be having my baby in three months . \" On Tuesday he posted another video titled ' When will I come back to Youtube ' , in which he stated he would not be posting any more videos for \" a while \" and did not know when he would return online . He said : \" It 's not the right time at the moment , I need to get my life in order and get through this death . \" A Foreign Office spokesman said : \" We are in contact with the Thai police and are providing consular support to a British man following a road traffic accident in Bangkok . \"", "from Gillingham , Kent , was sentenced at the Old Bailey having been found guilty of manslaughter . Her boyfriend , 28 , and his friend , 29 , were found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years . targeted , 56 , in a Mayfair casino in March last year . Judge described the attack as \" pitiless and wicked \" , adding : \" It was quite simply an act of brutality which defies reason and compassion . \" 's lawyer said she only took part in the plot as she was in love with and \" fell in with his desires \" and now \" deeply regretted \" her actions . \" Her head was turned by , who she loved , and to some extent by who was persuasive and superficially charming ,\" he said . But Judge said she had been \" deceitful from the outset \" and had \" lost her sense and compassion \" when she got involved . He added that she clearly cared more for than he cared for her . , who posed under the name of , was wined and dined by the divorced father of three who boasted to friends he was not paying her to be with him , the court heard earlier . On the night he was killed , Mr had taken to the upmarket Nobu restaurant before giving her \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 to gamble with at the nearby Palm Beach Casino . The two were seen kissing passionately by a poker supervisor , before leaving the casino together for Mr 's flat in Islington . then let and into the poker player 's flat before leaving in a taxi . Both men tied up Mr with parcel tape and a neck tie before kicking and stamping him to death , the trial was told . Afterwards , while he lay dead in a pool of blood , all three were filmed on 's mobile phone throwing \u00c2 \u00a3 50 notes around a room and even stuffing them in their underpants . Commenting on the footage , Judge told the three defendants : \" The eloquence with which it speaks about you is deafening . \"", "will be joined on the 18 July flight to Los Angeles by fellow England World Cup squad member . Spain 's and are also named , plus Japan 's . \" We are delighted to have such a strong travelling squad for our pre-season tour to the United States ,\" said assistant manager . United have already confirmed new manager will be present , even though he could be involved in the World Cup final with Netherlands , only five days before his squad leave Manchester . 's side have a minimum of four games in the US , starting against Los Angeles Galaxy on 23 July and including an International Champions Cup programme against Roma , 's new club Inter Milan and Real Madrid .", "The systems , at Kentucky Methodist Hospital , Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , California , are now running normally again . None of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom . And the cases are now being investigated by the FBI . The Kentucky Methodist Hospital had to shut down all of its desktop computers and activate a back-up system . A message on its homepage said : \" Methodist Hospital is currently working in an internal state of emergency due to a computer virus that has limited our use of electronic web-based services . \" We are currently working to resolve this issue , until then we will have limited access to web-based services and electronic communications . \" It later said no patient data or care had been affected . , a spokesman for Prime Healthcare Services , which owns Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital , said : \" It did cause significant disruptions of our IT systems . \" However , most of the systems and the critical infrastructure has been brought back online . \" The attack comes weeks after it was revealed Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Centre in Los Angeles had been attacked by ransomware . In that case , it paid $ 17,000 to get access to files back . Kentucky Methodist Hospital information systems director named the malware involved as Locky , a new bug that encrypts files , documents and images and renames them with the extension . locky . The most common way Locky gets itself on machines is via a spam email with an attached document that looks like nonsense and advises readers to enable macros \" if the data encoding is incorrect \" . Once the malware is downloaded , it sends a message to desktops with instructions about how users can pay to have files unlocked . In November , a report from Intel 's McAfee labs said the number of ransomware attacks was expected to grow in 2016 . Security expert said : \" It 's a fair bet that as ransomware attacks and attackers mature , these schemes will slowly become more targeted . \" I also worry that these more deliberate attackers will take a bit more time to discern how much the data they 've encrypted is really worth , and precisely how much the victim might be willing to pay to get it back . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device Our mission is to inspire , empower and motivate our online community in the pursuit of feeling BodyPositive . And we 'll be with you every step of the way as you enjoy and celebrate being YOU . We 're proud of all the things that make us unique and we reckon that by embracing our differences we can make our own lives happier - and inspire someone else along the way . We 'll be bringing you the very best in the world of health & fitness , wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty to inspire you to enjoy this next year exactly the way you want . And we want you to share your lives with us too by tweeting , posting , sharing , snapping and chatting your way through the next six months . Stay tuned and join our body brigade ! On January 27 , we 'll be getting up close and personal with R1 's with a BodyPositive takeover of The Surgery with and Dr , so what is it you want to talk about ? Perhaps you 've hidden something about yourself for years and are now ready to tell the world . Maybe you 've got a secret even your friends and family do n't know . The chances are , you 're not alone . We 've all got stories and now it 's time to share them . We 're looking for real life tales of how you 've overcome something that embarrassed you , or maybe made you feel alone or awkward . It could be anything from a physical scar to a deep fear or a condition that perhaps you think people just do n't understand . We 'll back your story up with expert advice and enable you to share your experience with a community of people who are just like you . And maybe you 'll be the inspiration for someone else too . Drop us a email with an idea of what you want to talk about along with your contact details . We 'd love to hear from you . If you are 16 or 17 we may need parental permission to include contributions .", "The Romanian diners , who had paid a deposit of \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 900 ($ 950 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 770 ) , left the El Carmen restaurant in Bembibre as dessert was due to be served , said . \" It happened in the space of a minute ,\" he said . \" It was something they had planned and they left in a stampede . \" The diners owe \u00e2 \u201a\u00ac 2,000 more , he said . Mr gave police the details on the reservation but said he held out little hope of being repaid . Police told El Pais newspaper they had not yet been able to contact any of the diners . The diners had consumed starters , a main course and 30 bottles of various alcoholic drinks , he said , adding that it was the first time in 35 years of working in the restaurant trade that he had seen seen anything comparable .", "There were 70 reports during the lambing season earlier this year compared with 45 over the same time last year . Police Scotland said the crime , which involved dogs chasing farm animals , had previously been under-reported . It said 60 % of this year 's incidents were detected and the dogs' owners reported to the procurator fiscal . Most of the offences reported were in Aberdeenshire , Highlands and Islands and Lanarkshire . Sheep were the most common animal affected . Other animals involved included horses and cattle . In 79 % of incidents , livestock were killed or injured , and on average this involved two or three sheep per incident . Most incidents - 70 % - involved only one dog and in 73 % of cases the offending dog was local to that area , with more than half of all incidents involving a dog roaming free and where no owner was present . Insp , Police Scotland 's rural crime co-ordinator , said the rise in reports followed a campaign encouraging farmers and crofters to contact police about livestock worrying incidents . She said : \" Livestock worrying has previously been under-reported . \" Farmers were often reluctant to report incidents to police , particularly where there was a ' near miss' and no physical damage was done to their livestock . \" A significant part of the spring campaign was to get this message out to farmers and encourage them to report all incidents and I think that this is reflected in the increase in reported crimes . \" More accurate reporting has improved our understanding of the problem , increasing intelligence about the how , where and why these incidents are occurring . \" , policy officer with Scottish Land and Estates , said : \" We are very pleased with how successful this year 's campaign has been and we will continue to support the initiative going forward . \" It is vital that livestock worrying incidents are reduced . \" No-one wants to see this type of completely unnecessary suffering and the higher the profile of these incidents the more , we hope , it will prompt the small minority of irresponsible dog owners to change their ways and ensure they know where their dog is at all times . \"", ", 20 , is contracted long-term to Mercedes , Force India 's engine provider , and has been racing for Manor in the second half of this season . He replaces German , 29 , who has moved to Renault , and will be alongside Mexican , 26 . \" Spending half a season at Manor Racing has given me some valuable experience and I feel ready for this ,\" said . \" It 's something I 've been working towards my whole life and I intend to grab this opportunity with both hands . \" I want to say thank you to everybody at Manor and especially to Mercedes-Benz for their support and belief in me . I ca n't wait for 2017 and my first full season racing in Formula One . \" joined Manor for the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August and has impressed increasingly as the season has progressed . Both he and Manor team-mate are contracted to Mercedes' junior driver programme . 's best results for Manor have been the 16th-placed finishes he secured at the Belgian Grand Prix and at last month 's Malaysian Grand Prix . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "A Care Inspectorate report has found that some staff at Kingsmead in Kingswells were not treating people with \" dignity and respect \" . Some residents had lost weight , with concerns being raised that their nutritional needs were not being met . The report said that in some incidences , people were being treated like \" objects \" . The report said one lunchtime service was \" chaotic \" and the dining experience for people was \" very poor \" . It said management and staff displayed poor knowledge of clinical needs . The report called for significant improvements , including staff development . , group managing director of Mead Medical Holdings , said they were concentrating on reducing the number of agency staff , increasing the number of permanent staff and looking at raising standards in the way they operated . The home can provide care for up to 55 older people , and up to 10 adults with learning disabilities .", "19 June 2017 Last updated at 08:45 BST But what if your pooch does n't understand what you 're saying ? Well , how about , if your dog understood a different language altogether ? has been finding out about one dog who was having some language issues .", ", 48 , of Rhyl , Denbighshire , was stabbed to death in the car park of the town 's Home Bargains on 27 October . , 20 , was convicted of murder , and , 30 , and , 30 were convicted of manslaughter at Mold Crown Court . , 21 , previously admitted the charges and the four will be sentenced in June . , and , all from Liverpool , denied murdering Mr . They also denied maliciously wounding and - who were in the same vehicle as Mr - with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm . Mr and Mr were also stabbed in the attack , but their wounds were less severe . was found guilty of one count of wounding , but and were cleared of those charges . Mrs Justice remanded all three in custody until sentencing , which she said would take place over three days . The trial heard the attack was the result of a turf war which had erupted between two rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade in Rhyl . , prosecuting , told the trial Mr , a father of two , was \" repeatedly and fatally stabbed \" by the three defendants and as he sat in the passenger seat of a van in the car park . He was stabbed 22 times in less than a minute . The four killers were members of the \" Pensarn Crew \" , sometimes called \" Ste 's Crew \" , Mr said . Mr , Mr and Mr were members of \" Mark 's Crew \" , or \" Marco 's Crew \" - although it was not suggested Mr was the leader . \" The fatal attack appears to have been an act of retribution on the part of the defendants and ,\" said Mr . Jurors were shown CCTV footage of a white Renault van near The Cob area of Rhyl on the afternoon of 27 October which showed the white van being stopped by a black BMW 4X4 . Shouts of \" stab him \" and \" kill him \" could be heard . The prosecution said the killing was retribution for an earlier incident when and were said to have been chased by masked armed men while drug dealing in the area .", ", 25 , was dismissed in the 87th minute of Rovers' 2-1 Championship defeat by Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday , 14 February . The Nigeria international denied the charge , which was upheld by an independent regulatory commission . Rovers were fined \u00a3 5,000 for their players' response to the incident . He has already missed one game as part of the ban , with Friday 's game against also included , leaving him with two further games to serve .", "The 21-year-old is eligible to face Macclesfield on Saturday . Former Port Vale player has made 27 appearances for Welling this season . \" is a good young player that we potentially feel is a league player ,\" Rovers assistant boss told BBC Wiltshire . \" He has gained some good experience . \"", "The hosts lost both openers cheaply , as was caught off the bowling of , and edged to . But and 's 279-run stand put Middlesex firmly on top , before edged to slip for 147 . remained unbeaten at the close on 128 alongside ( 28 ) as Middlesex finished the day on 342-3 . Middlesex 's third-wicket partnership leaves them in strong position to claim their first win in the County Championship this season , having drawn all six of their games so far . ton , his first of the season , came off 200 balls , taking the former Australia batsman beyond 13,000 first-class runs in his career . was more aggressive in dismantling Hampshire 's bowling attack , hitting 17 fours and two sixes before getting dismissed attempting to drive a delivery . The visitors could take few positives from their performance , but they will remain hopeful of salvaging a draw from the game , with poor weather forecast for Tuesday 's third day .", "Croydon NHS managers have decided to withdraw NHS prescriptions for formula feed to help reduce budget deficits . Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) said the plan could save the NHS thousands of pounds per year . Mother however said it was \" like taking milk from a baby \" as her seven-month-old son depended on it . Richmond Clinical Commissioning Group is consulting about withdrawing formula prescriptions too and the consultation runs until 3 February . It said : \" It is proposed that GPs no longer provide soya-based infant formula milk , thickened infant formulas or formulas for lactose intolerance on prescription as these are now widely available to buy from community pharmacies and supermarkets at a similar cost to standard infant formula . \" People who might be affected include those with cow 's milk protein allergy and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease , it warned , but it calculated this would provide a saving of \u00a3 386,000 per year . Standard formula milk costs about \u00a3 10 for a week 's supply and is available in supermarkets and chemists . , a 33-year-old primary school support assistant and mother-of-two , said had a prescription for the specialist formula that would otherwise cost \u00a3 40 online for one tin that would feed him for about two and half days . She said : \" The tins are about half the size of normal milk formula so it works out at eight times the price . \" \" We have n't got a lot of money . This is not me being fussy , but it 's like taking milk from a baby \" , she said . \" We went to A & E twice before he [ ] was diagnosed with this allergy at about four months . He was screaming in pain all the time . He arched his back and started refusing milk . Now he 's a normal baby . I do n't ever want to go back to that again . \" An online petition calling on the CCG to reverse its decision has attracted more than 6,000 signatures and charities , such as Allergy UK and Anaphylaxis Campaign , expressed their disappointment and urged a rethink . Dr , Clinical Chair of NHS Croydon CCG said : \" We share the public 's concerns and we will do what we can to reduce the impact on the most vulnerable in our communities and to make sure funding is there for those with the greatest clinical need . \" He said the prescriptions would cease in the coming months and families would be given notice of the plans before the change took effect . \" These are very difficult decisions but we need to focus our limited resources where we can have the biggest impact on people 's health and well-being ,\" he added .", ", 24 , has acute myeloid leukaemia but her Sri Lankan background makes the search hard as not many South Asian people are on donor registers . She launched a social media campaign to help find a match . Charity said 5,600 have signed up in the last week . \" The impact of 's appeal has been nothing short of incredible ,\" said , head of register development , at the charity . \" But still needs to find her stem cell match and there are people just like her all across the world who are still waiting . \" We need to continue to diversify the register so we can find a match for all . \" Miss was diagnosed with the aggressive form of blood cancer after falling ill just days after returning for her final year as an optometry student at Cardiff University . She started feeling unwell with severe sickness and a fever , while she had a pain in her leg , so she went to her doctor for tests . She underwent chemotherapy in Cardiff before being well enough to be transferred to a hospital in London , where she is from . After her third course of chemotherapy , Miss felt better and thought she had beaten her illness . But further tests showed the leukaemia was still in her blood and doctors told her the best option was a stem cell transplant from a donor , which is needed in the next two months . Speaking to BBC 's Asian Network said she is grateful for all the support . \" I would just like to say thank you so much to everyone who has registered so far and please , please do carry on registering because you can save my life and you can also save so many other 's lives . \" Please spread the word and help me to save my life . \"", ", who is three , was born with caudal twinning , meaning that part of a twin had developed in her pelvis . Australian surgeons spent months working out how to remove the extra limb and reconstruct her pelvic area . The toddler was brought to Australia from her village in Bangladesh by a charity , Children First Foundation . Dr , head of surgery at Monash Children 's Hospital in Victoria , said 's case was very rare and the surgery had been \" daunting \" . \" The operation is sort of determined by the individual and you have to spend a lot of time trying to analyse what 's there and then plan a procedure that takes that into account ,\" he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . The Australian team held extensive discussions with doctors in Bangladesh , who had already performed some surgery . The team had to determine whether further surgery was even possible or beneficial before she was brought to Australia last year . Doctors in Bangladesh had removed part of the leg \" but she was still left with a large mass sitting there in her pelvis between her two normal legs \" , Dr said . \" Because there 's part of a twin in there , she had two rectums , two vaginas , potentially two anuses - double bits that were growing into a very abnormal area . \" After a lengthy planning process , the team embarked on the surgery in November . They removed the part of the leg that was left behind and carried out reconstruction work to ensure the little girl was continent - something that will help her to function much better back at home . Dr said the toddler , who is partially blind , was now walking and running around , and had put on weight . He said she might need further corrective surgery during her teenage years but would be able to return home to Bangladesh with her mother \" without medication or surgical aids \" . Her mother , , told Australian media on Thursday she was looking forward to going home to her family and watching her daughter play . \" Everything is good now\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she can play like other babies\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 she is the same [ as them ],\" she said .", "The man , believed to be a Polish national , was found badly injured in the early hours of Wednesday at flats in Thurso Crescent . He later died at Ninewells Hospital . A 24-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and has now been charged . He is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Monday . Police have not named the victim as they have not been able to formally identify him .", "The fire started at about 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth , which contains about 30 retirement bungalows . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said several people had been rescued and evacuated from the burning building . Police said a body had been found within the property . An investigation was under way at the site . , head of Fife Council 's housing services , said : \" We were alerted to an incident this morning at an address Walter Hay Court . \" Unfortunately the fire has resulted in the death of an occupant and our sympathies are with their family and friends at this sad time . \" A Police Scotland spokeswoman said : \" Police in Fife are investigating following a fatal fire at an address in Walter Hay Court , Rosyth . \" The incident happened around 10am on Friday , December 16 , when a fire was reported . Police and emergency services attended , however a body was found within the property . \" Police are currently undertaking a joint examination of the circumstances with the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . A report will be sent the procurator fiscal . \"", "The 34-year-old rejoined the New Lawn side in July 2016 and was ever-present as they won promotion to League Two last season . He made 144 appearances in his first spell with the club before spending the 2015-16 season with Gateshead . has signed defenders and and midfielder as they prepare for their first season in the Football League .", "The 58-year-old school principal from Dublin won 144 out of a possible 278 votes and was 98 ahead of his nearest rivals and . will take over from current president in 2018 . \" is the president for the next 12 months so I 'll support him and learn from him as best I can ,\" said at Croke Park . The other candidates for the post were with 22 votes while 20 went to . This weekend 's annual congress will be dominated by new championship proposals in football and hurling . The plans put forward by GAA director general include completing the All-Ireland Senior Championships by the end of August . Also included is a new round-robin format for the All-Ireland SFC quarter-finals , which would mean more games . This proposal has proved particularly controversial in recent weeks . Both the Gaelic Players' Association and recently formed Club Players' Association have come out against 's plans , although not necessarily for the same reasons . Ostensibly , the main reason for these mooted changes is to try and ensure more regular games for club players but there is a certain amount of bafflement as to how this can be squared with the motion to have a round-robin stage in the All-Ireland Football quarter-finals . The new club players' body has been angered after the GAA 's top brass refused to grant it a speaking platform at the Croke Park gathering . However , that may change at further annual gatherings of GAA delegates if a motion for the club players' body to be officially recognised is passed in Dublin . All the indications are that the votes on both the so-called new ' Super Eight football round ' and the proposal to bring forward the All-Ireland finals will be exceptionally close , with a two-thirds' majority required for the format changes to be tried for a three-year period . To make matters even complicated , congress will also hear a number of motions calls from the two-thirds majority to be scrapped , with one call suggestion a simple majority and another calling for the figure to be lowered to 60 % . Inevitably , those motions will require a two-thirds majority to be passed . Going into the weekend , Croke Park 's desire for replays to be scrapped - in favour of extra-time - in all championship games bar provincial and All-Ireland finals looks likely to be comfortably passed . At last year 's congress , motions to move All-Ireland Finals to earlier in the year and scrap replays were both defeated , although the finals proposal fell narrowly short after getting support from 60.8 % of delegates .", "The Ibrox club have been linked with another bid to land the Jambos midfielder , having had offers rejected earlier this summer . Rangers boss watched in friendly action against Newcastle on Friday night . \" A lot of people continue to say a lot of things , and that 's it really , there is n't a situation ,\" said . \" is happy , he is focused , he is training well , playing well . Like everyone really . \" , 24 , has turned down the chance to sign a new Hearts contract , with his current deal expiring next summer . And while refused to comment on reports suggesting the club have improved their offer to the player , the head coach is relaxed about the winger 's situation . \" I talk to almost every day , even on days off , because he is a player I 'm fond of ,\" said ahead of his side 's trip to face Elgin City in the League Cup on Tuesday . \" He is a big talent , he is someone who at a point will move on to a bigger league , a bigger club and have opportunities to work towards the top levels of the game . Of that there is no doubt . \" And I 'm very happy to be playing a part in how he progresses towards that . \" But , for now , people are just wasting their time . \" made his Hearts debut in the 2011-12 campaign and has scored a total of 41 goals in 135 games for the Jambos .", "The Dutchman , 25 , led 6-5 before racing to victory and the \u00a3 60,000 first prize with five consecutive legs . \" This is a really big tournament to win and a difficult tournament too , so I 'll enjoy this ,\" said the world number one . defeated at the quarter-final stage and whitewashed in the last four . But the colourful 44-year-old from Mendham in Suffolk was unable to clinch his first major Professional Darts Corporation title , losing to , who also beat him in the 2014 World Championship final . \" It 's been a long weekend and I think I ran out of energy in the final , and was too good ,\" said Scotland-born . \" I 'm really pleased to have got to the final though and I 'm getting closer to a big TV title . \"", "The 35-year-old has been released by Brighton & Hove Albion after they fell short in their bid for promotion . \" Maybe if I drop down a division , I 'll not feature , but it 's ifs , buts and maybes ,\" the defender said of his international future . \" It is up to me to keep fit and keep playing and see where it takes me . \" , who won his 11th cap after starting in Saturday 's 3-0 defeat by France in Metz , has no idea where he will be playing when Scotland start their World Cup qualifying campaign against Malta in September . \" Hopefully I 'll get something and I 'll be fit and ready for the qualifiers ,\" said the centre-half who did not win his first cap until he turned 32 . \" I am open to anything . I would like anything with a good opportunity where teams are pushing for something . \" had spent six years at Brighton after leaving Swindon Town but found himself out of 's starting XI after January . Injuries led to a recall for their final game of the season against Middlesbrough , when a 1-1 draw denied Brighton automatic promotion , and he retained his place for the play-off semi-final defeat by Sheffield Wednesday . The lengthy inactivity meant he was thankful for more game time against France despite being on the receiving end of a heavy defeat . \" It was very tough ,\" said the former Clyde , Blackburn Rovers , Kilmarnock and Doncaster Rovers centre-half . \" They are a very good team , got a lot of good players and we found it difficult at times . \" But it was good to go out there and get 90 minutes against some of the top players in the world , so it was interesting . \" Scotland had lost 1-0 to Italy six days earlier and failed to fire a shot on target in either of the two friendlies against sides preparing for the Euro 2016 finals in France . was not one of those questioning the decision to play two very strong teams at the end of a long domestic season . \" Ultimately , as a footballer , you want to be playing out there against some of the best players in a great atmosphere because that 's what you train for all season ,\" he stressed . \" We 've got some talented players coming through and I think it was really worthwhile for them as well . \" France are obviously at a different stage of their preparation going into the Euros and everybody 's playing for places . \" We went out there and gave it everything , but we just fell short against a fantastic team . \"", "Born , he became Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962 when he won a by-election with a huge 22 % swing from the Conservatives . He held the seat for eight years , moving to the Lords in 1971 when he inherited the title of . Lib Dem leader paid tribute to a \" true Liberal \" , \" great campaigner \" and \" committed internationalist \" . : Obituary Mr said the peer , who had been suffering from leukaemia , would \" be remembered as much for his unyielding commitment to fighting for Liberal causes as his sensational by-election victory \" . \" He campaigned to lower the voting age , founded the parliamentary human rights group and fought for the rights of refugees and asylum seekers , taking up the cases of hundreds of individuals fleeing persecution . \" He was a committed internationalist , regularly promoting human rights around the world . The Liberal Democrats have lost a great campaigner , a great friend and a true champion of the Liberal cause . \" A Buddhist , Lord was the patron of Angulimala , which promotes the teaching and practice of Buddhism in British prisons . He also campaigned on behalf of secular causes , fighting to remove mandatory daily worship in maintained schools . In 2009 , the National Secular Society named the peer secularist of the year , jointly with , for his work on abolition of blasphemy laws in England and Wales . His biography on the Lib Dem website says he also \" sought and won \" a battle with the senior parliamentary official known as Black Rod to keep the right to park bicycles against the front of the Houses of Parliament . , executive director of the National Secular Society , said Lord had supported countless human rights campaigns . \" His knowledge of foreign affairs , particularly of remote parts of the developing world , was second to none . The weak and oppressed in these places have lost a true champion . \" I have lost a very close friend . The nation has lost a human rights champion . \"", "Two men were attacked in Ivory Blacks in Oswald Street , Glasgow , at about 23:00 on Friday 14 October . Last month , officers released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with their investigation . Both men are described as white and aged 25 to 35 . The first is 5ft 8in tall with tattoo sleeves , and the other is 6ft 2in with shaved , reddish hair . Police Scotland said the women may be able to assist them with their inquiries . Anyone with any information about the incident or who recognises those shown in the images has been urged to contact the police .", "The Save Oxfordshire Children 's Centres Campaign \" baby blockade \" is against Oxfordshire County Council plans to cut the number of centres to save \u00c2 \u00a3 8m . Organiser said more than 500 people were \" definitely seen and heard \" when they took part in the march through Oxford on Saturday . had been invited to join the protest after saying he was \" disappointed \" by the cuts . The council has said it will continue to support the most vulnerable families in Oxfordshire . Under the proposals , the authority would replace 44 existing centres with eight \" children and family centres \" located in the neediest areas of Oxfordshire . The PM wrote to council leader last month calling it \" counter-productive \" and urging the authority to \" move cautiously in setting out its budget plans \" . In his response , Mr said the council 's grants from government had fallen and that it had already made back-office savings . Ahead of the protest , , on behalf of the campaign group , wrote an open letter to Mr saying : \" We welcome your efforts to help protect these services , however perhaps like us you are rapidly losing confidence in government . \" \" Please join us in the streets ,\" her letter urged . \" ca n't plead not guilty . Let 's be clear , he is not just a local constituency MP , he is the prime minister . \" It 's just not good enough ... . we cannot keep mum and watch the 44 children 's centres in Oxfordshire be closed down ,\" she said . When asked to comment on the open letter , a government spokesperson said : \" There is still significant scope for sensible savings across local government to be made by back-office consolidation , disposing of surplus property and joining up our local public services . \" The government continues to work with councils to help deliver these savings and protect frontline services . \"", "A 59-year-old teacher from London received \u00a3 185,000 after she slipped a disc in her back after she was knocked to the ground by two unruly pupils . A member of teaching staff in north Wales was given \u00a3 100,000 compensation when the chair he sat on collapsed . The NASUWTteaching union said it had won \u00a3 16,077,328 for members last year . A Department for Education spokesperson said : \" School employers are responsible for the health and safety of staff and pupils whether the local authority , governing body or academy trust , and they must adhere to the Health and Safety Act 1974 . \" Teachers also received smaller payouts over accidents in the workplace , including a \u00a3 55,000 package for a female member of staff in north-west England who tripped on a tear in the lino surface of her science classroom . She was later diagnosed with chronic back syndrome . NASUWT general secretary said many of the injuries would be reduced if employers \" took the welfare of staff seriously \" and followed good health and safety practices . She said : \" The consequence of negligence is careers , lives and health blighted and millions of pounds of public money spent in compensation . \" Unfortunately , there is no incentive for employers to take health and welfare seriously when they witness the government cutting funding for inspection and failing to take steps to secure compliance with the law . \" Failure to respect the rights of employees and to comply with employment law is also prevalent . \" Employers flout the law , but it 's the teachers and the taxpayers who pay the price . \" While compensation is important , it can never make up for the fact that teachers suffer permanent physical and mental injury and often cannot continue in their chosen career . \" Separate data from the NUT , which keeps its overall compensation figures private , said there were two cases of personal injury compensation paid to its members last year . One included a \u00a3 46,000 payout to a teacher who suffered \" severe psychological injury \" following \" a sustained campaign of bullying and harassment by senior leadership \" . Another NUT member was awarded just under \u00a3 4,500 after she fractured a finger on a defective doorknob , causing her long-term aches and a deformity . The union said it offered legal help in 130 cases last year , including 71 involving criminal activity and 57 in employment cases .", ", 36 , left his role at the Championship side after only 43 days . The former England captain arrived at Bristol several weeks into the season having helped coach Japan . \" It 's kicked us quite hard because this has been about planning and waiting for to arrive ,\" said . was named forwards coach with new-look England in acrimonious circumstances last week , with Bristol owner describing the Rugby Football Union as \" unprofessional \" in their handling of the appointment . was forwards coach during England 's World Cup-winning era under Sir before taking over as England head coach himself from 2004-06 . And , while he is unimpressed by the manner of 's exit , he is certain England have made an astute appointment . \" I was delighted to have signed and I certainly hoped he would be here for longer than 43 days ,\" told BBC Radio Bristol . \" He is a quality coach and he will be a quality coach for England and I wish him all the best . I know the England team will enjoy working with him . \" I 'm disappointed in the circumstance of how it 's happened and why it 's happened but legally I ca n't say too much and we have to move forward . \" , who has also coached Scotland , says he will not rush into appointing a replacement and has urged his forwards to handle the responsibility of 's departure . \" It 's down to the players to step up collectively over the next four months for us to achieve what we want to achieve ,\" he said . \" We have to focus on the next couple of weeks , with tough games coming up against London Welsh and Nottingham . There is a lot to be done over the next few weeks . \"", "Exports fell 2.1 % compared with October , German 's Federal Statistical Office reported , while imports rose 1.5 % . Meanwhile , factory production fell by 0.1 % from October as energy production fell and construction activity decreased . The latest news follows weak industrial order figures this week . \" Things are certainly not rosy ,\" said Bankhaus Lampe economist . \" The geopolitical situation , especially the Russia conflict and the related economic uncertainty , is limiting growth ,\" On a seasonally adjusted basis , the country 's trade surplus shrank to \u20ac 17.7bn (\u00a3 13.9bn ) in November . Germany exported goods worth around \u20ac 95.8bn and imported goods valued at \u20ac 78.0bn in the month . In December , Germany 's economic affairs ministry said the country 's recovery was \" progressing at a slow pace . \" This is a disappointing batch of German data . It pours cold water on hopes that the Eurozone 's traditional economic powerhouse will drag its neighbours out of the gloom in the near future . The figures do n't necessarily point to a renewed contraction in the German economy . But they are consistent with no significant acceleration from the feeble 0.1 % growth that Germany recorded in the third quarter of last year , following a contraction of the same magnitude in the previous three months . There were also declines in French and Spanish industrial production , adding another layer of gloom to the picture . These figures provide a little extra support to the view that the European Central Bank will embark soon on a major programme of quantitative easing - buying financial assets notably government debt with newly created money .", ", 44 , saw the Hawker Hunter jet go up in a loop and come down again as it crashed onto the A27 on 22 August . \" This is an award for the team because they did a marvellous job on the day . They 're all volunteers ,\" Mr said . Eleven men , ranging in age from 23 to 76 , were killed . \" We plan for these sorts of things , we hope it never happens , unfortunately it did , but the plans worked really well ,\" the event first aid services manager for Kent and Sussex added . The Red Cross team worked alongside the first ambulance crew on the scene , providing first aid to the walking wounded . Mr , from Hawley , near Dartford in Kent , said : \" Unfortunately we could n't help all the people that were there , but the 15 , [ or ] 20 people that walked into us we dealt with . \" We then fed them onto the ambulance service for transport onto hospital . \" The jet crashed in front of a 20,000-strong crowd , and Mr said they then went on to help those in need who had witnessed it . Recalling the tragedy , he said : \" I remember thinking ' he 's very low ' , and then a cloud of smoke and flame went up . \" Strangely , though , I do n't remember any loud noise or explosion . I turned to control and said ' you need to put out a Code Red now ' . \" At that point our major incident plans kicked in . A Code Red means there has been a significant incident affecting the event . \" Mr said he was very proud to have been recognised in the New Year 's Honours . \" In my 34 years [ in the Red Cross ] I 've never expected anything like this . \" Mind you I never expected to walk into that on that day . It 's very much for the whole team . \"", "They said this will amount to double the number of apprentices created each year - currently about 28,000 . All parties are promising to create more apprentices or equivalent schemes to get unemployment down . Labour highlighted its pledge to create 100,000 additional apprentices . The Lib Dems said they would fund their promise by moving cash from Jobs Growth Wales , the Labour Welsh Government 's existing job-creation scheme . , the Liberal Democrats' candidate for Cardiff Central , said : \" Providing high-quality skills training is vital to boosting our economy and helping people to build careers and get on in life . \" Labour 's own evaluation report said that Jobs Growth Wales locked people into low wages and that 73 % would 've found work without it . \" We all know this scheme is a failure , but Labour refuses to face the facts . \" The Welsh Liberal Democrats would instead invest in apprenticeships and training , which will actually give young people professional skills and help them get on in life . \" On Labour 's policy , Deputy Skills Minister said Wales already had \" one of the best records in Europe \" on apprenticeships . \" This pledge is the next step to ensuring that we have the skills base that projects like Wylfa Newydd and the South Wales Metro , will demand ,\" she said . \" That is why so many voices within industry are so enthusiastic about this pledge . \" Plaid Cymru has promised to created 50,000 new apprentices , while the Welsh Conservatives say they will lift the current 16-24 age restrictions on the Jobs Growth Wales scheme . It helps firms employ 16-24-year-olds for six months by covering the cost of the minimum wage . The Tories aim to replace it with a scheme called Journeys to Work , open to all ages , with jobs lasting for a year . UKIP say they back industry-supported apprenticeships , along with more vocational options in post-14 education .", "The telecoms giant said in an emailed statement it was important to retain access to the EU 's free \" movement of people , capital and goods \" . It was too early to \" draw any firm conclusions regarding the long-term location for the headquarters \" . But Vodafone said that it would \" take whatever decisions are appropriate \" . Last week , chief executive told the BBC - ahead of the referendum vote - that Britain risked exclusion from plans for a giant new single market in digital services if it left the EU . Vodafone said in the email to several media organisations that EU membership , including the free movement of people , had helped drive its growth . The firm employs 13,000 people in the UK . It has an operating division at Newbury , Berkshire , but the group headquarters are in London . Vodafone said that 55 % of group profits in the last financial year came from its European operations , with the UK providing just 11 % . The company is also to start reporting its financial results in euros , rather than pounds . Vodafone said the single legal framework spanning all member states , as well as freedom of movement , capital and goods , were \" integral to the operation of any pan-European business \" . The company said : \" It remains unclear at this point how many of those positive attributes will remain in place once the process of the UK 's exit from the European Union has been completed ,\" it said . Vodafone said it would strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels \" to ensure the group 's substantial businesses within the European Union continue to be represented appropriately \" . Vodafone is the seventh largest company listed on the FTSE 100 , with operations in 26 countries . It employs 108,000 staff outside the UK . Other businesses have expressed alarm at the vote to leave the EU and the consequences of not being part of the European single market . Business Secretary hosted a meeting of business representatives on Tuesday to discuss the issues . Mr said : \" The biggest issue raised was the need to secure continued access to the single market . While I am not in any position to make promises , I assured everyone that my number one priority will be just that in the negotiations to come ,\" he told a news conference after the meeting . After the meeting , the head of the CBI employers organisation said the government was \" a long way off \" having a plan . \" There are very high levels of real and genuine concern in the business community ,\" CBI Director-General told reporters .", "was sentenced to almost three years in jail for downloading indecent images of children , sharing them and sending offensive messages . The 30-year-old admitted carrying out the offences between 2007 and 2016 at his flat in Greenock . He was also given a two-year licence , which means he will be monitored after being released from prison . Greenock Sheriff Court heard how , who has previous convictions for hoarding indecent images of children and sexually assaulting a young girl , chatted to people on Facebook and WhatsApp using a fake name . He talked about sexually abusing children and raping a baby . The sex offender , who is also known as , was found to have a stash of indecent pictures and videos - including footage of babies and children up to the age of 14 being sexually abused . Defence solicitor said was the victim of repeated sexual abuse when he was a child . \" Clearly there are issues which would require to be addressed in the public interest to minimise and reduce the risk of further offending ,\" he said . He asked for to be spared jail and said he would engage with a treatment programme for sex offenders . However , Sheriff ruled that a custodial sentence was required for such a \" disturbing \" case and jailed him for 35 months He was also placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life .", "A man lodged a complaint with the Police Ombudsman 's Office for NI after the incident last year . He said he had been wrongfully arrested and that his home had been unlawfully searched . The man said his wife was \" hysterical \" at finding police in the garden . He was taken inside his house and arrested in connection with a firearms offence which had happened the previous day , before being taken into custody at a police station . The man was later released when police realised he was not the person they were looking for . When a Police Ombudsman investigator examined police files , he found that the issue lay with an incorrectly recorded date of birth in a handover information pack provided to the officer who organised the search . The officer who compiled the pack had recorded the name and address of another man of the same name , but had mistakenly added the complainant 's date of birth . The officer who co-ordinated the search said she had checked the details in the handover pack , but found no-one of that name living at the address . She then searched for a more up-to-date address using the complainant 's name and date of birth , which resulted in his arrest and home being searched . The officer who recorded the wrong date of birth admitted his mistake and \" apologised to the complainant and his family for the upset and annoyance which resulted \" . It said police \" later tracked down the right man , who was subsequently arrested \" . The Police Ombudsman investigator said \" the mistake had unfortunate consequences for the man and his family \" . They said they had \" recommended that the officer should receive a disciplinary sanction , and that has since been imposed by the police \" .", "The French duo , seeded seventh , beat Russian fifth seeds and 6-3 2-6 6-4 . and claimed their first Grand Slam title having only teamed up this year with a target of playing at the Olympics . They have now won titles in Charleston , Stuttgart , Madrid and Paris . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "Media playback is not supported on this device Wales led 13-12 at the break but 's try with five minutes remaining edged it for the Springboks . Backs and plus hooker joined Wales' list of injured players during the game . \" We do n't want to make any excuses . South Africa won ... and we were n't good enough to win ,\" said . \" At the end of the day South Africa did what South Africa do . They got one chance and they took it and that was the result . \" Wales lost a trio of front-line stars in centre , full-back and scrum-half to long-term injuries before the tournament began . Two more centres - and - were then forced out of action in the opening two pool games against Uruguay and England , with wing joining them . Wales then lost the versatile - a full-back or wing - during their punishing final pool match against Australia . Media playback is not supported on this device Fly-half went off the field after a knock to the head just before the scrum which led to South Africa 's try . The player remonstrated with WRU medical manager and team doctor , but backed the decision . \" That 's a medical call ,\" he said . \" They took him off the field for a head injury assessment ; it looked like he 'd got a bit of a knock , he looked unsteady on his feet . \" He obviously felt that he was OK , but we support our medical team 100 % so there 's no issues on that from the coaching set-up . \" ' We knew it was going to come down to fine margins ,\" said a \" proud \" skipper , who lamented what he felt was a premature end to the campaign . \" It 's a quiet changing room - it 's hard to find the words , it 's all so raw ,\" he said . \" It feels premature with two weeks of the competition left . We 've been together since June and all those gruelling camps \u2026 it 's over , done and dusted . \" praised the players who had come in to replace the casualties , saying : \" The guys who 've stepped in have done a fantastic job . This could be the last World Cup for many of us , but we go out with no regrets . \" was sent off in Wales' 9-8 World Cup semi-final defeat by France in 2011 , and after this latest disappointment said : \" Hopefully I will be around when one of these tight ones goes our way . \"", "The airport is in competition with Heathrow to win approval for an additional runway . One of the guarantees is compensation for people living close to the airport . Gatwick 's chairman Sir said : \" These guarantees would mean Gatwick takes on the main risks of building the new runway . \" The Airports Commission is currently considering three options for expanding airport provision in south-east England and is due to publish its findings in the summer . These options are a third runway at Heathrow , lengthening an existing runway at Heathrow or a second runway at Gatwick . Gatwick has \" guaranteed \" the project would be privately funded with no need for public subsidy , that airport charges would be capped and it would bear the main risks of the expansion plan . It has also promised to compensate residents by \u00c2 \u00a3 1,000 towards council tax bills if they are affected by significant level of aircraft noise , and said it would ensure that air quality targets always were always met .", ", 25 , had been training with the Cumbrians and impressed in reserve games against Barrow and Burnley . The Angola-born wide-man has spent much of his career in the Dutch league with teams such as Feyenoord and Heracles , plus stints in Bulgaria and Romania . \" We 've seen enough to know that he adds something different to the group ,\" said head of recruitment . He told the club website : \" This is a chance for him to show everyone what he can do . \" Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The 37-year-old spent two seasons at Gresty Road between 2006 and 2008 . The former Shrewsbury , Sheffield Wednesday and Tranmere Rovers forward , scored 11 goals for Bury last season as they won promotion from League Two . , who has not featured for the Shakers since 29 August , goes straight into the Alex squad for Tuesday 's trip to Colchester . Crewe remain bottom of the table following their 5-1 thrashing at home by Peterborough", ", 23 , from Derbyshire , was among a group of 10 people who stripped before taking photographs at the peak of Mount Kinabalu on 30 May . She admitted public indecency along with three other western tourists , one Dutch and two Canadians , and was imprisoned for three days . All four have now left the island . , the immigration department director of the Malaysian state , told the BBC Hawkins left Kota Kinabalu for Kuala Lumpur at 17:35 local time ( 10:35 BST ) on Malaysia Airlines . The other three , Dutch national , 23 , and Canadian siblings , 23 , and , 22 , left earlier on Saturday for Kuala Lumpur . , whose sentence was back-dated to reflect time already served , was also fined 5,000 Malaysian ringgit ( \u00c2 \u00a3 860 /$ 1,330 ) on Friday . She and her co-accused all admitted a charge of \" committing an obscene act in public \" . , who is from the Derbyshire village of Draycott , said she had been \" stupid and disrespectful \" . Prosecutors said the four tourists , along with six others , climbed the peak to enjoy the sunrise on 30 May and then challenged each other to take off their clothes and pose for photographs . The move caused widespread offence in the region and was regarded as the cause of a magnitude 5.9 earthquake near the mountain , which is considered sacred . The earthquake , on 5 June , killed 18 people , including children , and left hundreds more stranded . Sabah state deputy chief minister blamed it on the travellers showing \" disrespect to the sacred mountain \" .", "Thieves stole a 5m ( 16ft 4in ) flagpole - complete with Union Jack - at some point over the weekend . Earlier this month , items intended for an open day , including two generators , food and drink were stolen . Last year , a memorial to the thousands of crewmen who served in Bomber Command during World War Two was damaged by trespassers . Director of the centre said it was \" extremely frustrating \" . She said : \" I had great faith in the human race , but it has been somewhat diminished - I do n't understand why someone would want to target a memorial . \" More on this and other stories from across Lincolnshire The Lincoln attraction is to honour the air crews' efforts with exhibitions , information and accounts from service personnel and survivors . The centre - set to open in September - still needs \u00c2 \u00a3 2m in donations and events are being held to raise the cash . 125,000 Aircrew served in Bomber Command in World War Two 364,514 operational sorties flown 55,573 aircrew killed in action 25,611 killed flying from Lincolnshire 70 % of aircrew were killed , taken prisoner or injured Mrs said fundraising efforts were being hampered by the break-ins . She said : \" Whether it was done as high jinks , or whether there is a market for second-hand flag poles , I just do n't know . \" The reality is the sacrifices made by these guys [ Bomber Command crews ] allows for the freedom whoever is doing this has got today . \" Officials have launched a petition in a bid to get further funding from the government to complete the project .", "The news had been expected after the Cobblers' new owner paid HM Revenue & Customs unpaid tax it was due when he bought the club last week . \" This is a very positive step as we move forward ,\" said . \" We can now focus on our review of the club and developing the future plans . \" On Friday , the Cobblers' administration petition brought by Northampton Borough Council was adjourned to 11 December for a deal to be made between and the council . purchased the club from on Thursday and became executive chairman of the Cobblers . and the council have a memorandum of understanding in place over a \u00a3 10.25m loan to the club for redevelopment work at Sixfields Stadium , which would would see the debt wiped out , with the council acquiring land near Sixfields for development in return . Despite the uncertainty off the pitch , the Cobblers are currently in the League Two automatic promotion places .", "On Wednesday , shares of Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film were suspended after falling 47 % , wiping out $ 18.6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 11.9bn ) from its market capitalisation . That was followed by shares of Goldin Financial , which fell 55 % on Thursday . Both firms had seen the price of their shares surge over the past year . Shares of Goldin Financial , which is 70 %- owned by Hong Kong billionaire , have jumped by more than 400 % between September 2014 and March this year , according to Reuters . The firm had said that it was not aware of the reason behind the big jump in its share price . About half of Goldin 's value - $ 16.12bn - was erased on Thursday as shares fell . Meanwhile , Hanergy shares had risen five-fold since September before the sell-off began . The firm , controlled by Chinese billionaire , had issued a statement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Wednesday saying its shares had been halted from trade \" pending the release of an announcement containing inside information \" . has been considered one of China 's richest men on the back of his stake in Hanergy . , market analyst at trading firm CMC markets said he had noticed the dramatic drop in Hanergy 's shares right away because it had everyone \" scratching their heads \" . \" The company was very quick to call a halt to the trading , but without any news , there is plenty of speculation and potentially room for further reaction to the downside if the trading suspension is lifted ,\" he said . \" Even after the drop though , Hanergy 's shares are basically twice as expensive as some of the firms in that sector . \" , chief executive of The Motley Fool Singapore backed the view that Hanergy shares were overvalued . \" Hanergy is involved in the much-hyped solar-panel industry . Investors are paying $ 50 for every dollar of profit the company makes ,\" he said . \" When expectation overtakes reality , reality eventually wins . The market is experiencing a dose of reality . \" There has been speculation as to the reason why the Chinese company halted trading , with Reuters citing an unnamed source as saying the firm is under investigation by Hong Kong regulators . Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) has declined to make a comment . Local reports also said that , chairman of the firm , did not attend the firm 's annual general meeting in Hong Kong on Wednesday .", "The images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in June at the Gir National Park in western Gujarat state . Officials at the park said they imposed a preliminary fine because \" the cricketer flouted the rules \" . Visitors to the park are not allowed to leave their vehicles . 's photos were posted days after Gujarat forestry officials warned of the dangers involved in taking selfies with lions , following a number of attacks . Wildlife officers say they will submit a final inquiry report to their superiors soon . , chief forest conservator in Gujarat state , told AFP they \" had instituted a probe and called for a statement ... but since he was not available , his father-in-law gave a written statement on his behalf \" and paid the fine for him . , 27 , was part of India 's team for the recent World T20 tournament . A photo posted on 's Instagram account showed the cricketer pointing to a pride of lions behind him , with the caption , \" Family photo , having good time in Sasan ( Gir ) # rajputboy # wearelions \" . A second photo posted to the cricketer 's account showed him and his wife , , with a lion looking on in the background . The national park at Gir is the only place where Asiatic lions remain in the wild . The animals , which are slightly smaller than African lions , were listed as endangered in 2008 .", ", 43 , was accused of attacking the two schoolboys , aged 12 and 13 , in Havant , last month . He had been in custody at Belmarsh Prison in south-east London . Prison staff found Mr unresponsive in his cell on Sunday morning and , despite efforts to revive him , he was pronounced dead . A Prison Service spokeswoman said : \" HMP Belmarsh prisoner was found unresponsive in his cell on Sunday 19 July . Staff attempted CPR but paramedics pronounced him dead at 11.07am . \" As with all deaths in custody there will be an investigation by the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman . \" Mr , who was also charged with assault and robbery in relating to the taking of a bicycle , had been due to appear at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday .", "The advocacy group Glaad analysed shows seen or to be shown between June 2016 and May 2017 and counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters . The number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year . But Glaad bemoaned the fact that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off . They include the characters and , who met violent ends in Orange is the New Black and Wentworth respectively . The report also found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television , thanks mostly to shows like Empire , and How to Get Away with Murder . Glaad 's Where We Are on TV study based its findings on scripted broadcast , cable and streaming series already being shown or for which casting had been confirmed . Glaad 's president said it was \" heartening to see progress being made \" but said numbers were \" only part of the story \" . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .", "The election was called after mayor was convicted of electoral fraud and removed from office in April . He has been banned from standing again . The Met Police said it was investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in relation to this election , including harvesting votes and the improper distribution of election literature . The full list of Tower Hamlets mayoral candidates is :", "signed for Tigers until the end of the season on Saturday , having left Championship side in May . The 30-year-old played for Tigers between 2009 and 2013 , before leaving to join Salford Red Devils . \" I 'm not match fit because I 've had some time off , but mentally I 'm in the best shape I 've ever been ,\" he said . \" Physically I 've got a bit of work to do but you can get through anything if you 're mentally right . There 's some hard work to do , I 'm aware of that , but I 'm looking forward to it . \" also praised the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) for the support they offer players who are struggling with mental health-related issues . \" It 's massive and it 's a credit to the RFL that they touch on it because a lot of the boys struggle with it ,\" said . \" People should be aware of it because a lot of us boys have to go through a lot of things and we put on this bravado that we 're OK . It 's not something that people like talking openly about because you feel weak and vulnerable . \" But really we go home and we feel alone . It 's good to get the message out there that it does happen in our game , a lot of people do suffer from depression . \" When you are in that dark place , you feel weak and vulnerable , you just have a lot of down days and it 's not nice . But when you come through it , it 's an unbelievable feeling . You feel strong . \"", "GB 's 2008 men 's 4x400m relay team moved up from fourth to third after Russia 's failed a drugs test when his sample was retested . It had been suggested the medal ceremony could take place at the World Championships in London in August . But next month 's Anniversary Games also take place at London 's Olympic Stadium . A decision is yet to be made on when and team-mates , and will receive their medals . , 30 , told BBC Radio 5 live : \" I do n't want to be distracted . I need to go to the World Championships and focus on that , so if we could get it done at the Diamond League , I 'd love that . \" There 's no way of getting back to Beijing and doing it that way , but if we can go to an Olympic stadium and be in front of a British crowd , that would be amazing . \" But whatever happens , whenever it happens , I just ca n't wait to get on that podium . \" The International Olympic Committee has reallocated medals from Beijing after and compatriots and tested positive for banned substance Turinabol . Britain 's women 's 4x400m relay team have also moved into the bronze medal position . , , and finished the race fifth but have moved up to third as a result of both third-placed Russia and fourth-placed Belarus being disqualified due to subsequent failed tests . The men 's Beijing medals are in the possession of the British Olympic Association and British Athletics but an announcement is still to be made on where they will be awarded . They could be presented at next month 's Diamond League Anniversary Games , or at the World Championships in London in August . But , as the World Championships is an IAAF event , the IOC would have to give permission for any presentation to take place as Olympic medals fall under their jurisdiction . British Athletics does not have possession of medals for the women 's 4x400m team yet as legal proceedings are ongoing regarding athletes in their race . Britons Dame , , and are among those waiting to receive Olympic and World Championship medals they were denied by drugs cheats . has told the Guardian she would be \" gutted \" if she did not receive her medal at the World Championships this summer .", "People with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee , a study carried out at the University of Edinburgh has found . It suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine . This causes it to stay in the body for longer and means those with the gene get the same caffeine hit through less coffee . One scientist working on the project said it suggests the \" drive to drink coffee may be embedded in our genes \" . The researchers studied the DNA of 370 people living in a small village in southern Italy and 843 people from six villages in north-east Italy . The subjects were asked to complete a survey including a question about how many cups of coffee they drank each day . The team found people with the PDSS2 DNA variation tended to consume fewer cups of coffee than people without the variation - equivalent to one fewer cup daily on average . Researchers replicated the study in a group of 1,731 people from the Netherlands . The result was similar but the effect of the gene on the number of cups of coffee consumed was slightly lower . The scientists said the change could be down to the different styles of coffee drunk in the two countries . In Italy , people tend to drink smaller cups such as espresso whereas in the Netherlands the preference is towards larger cups which contain more caffeine overall . Dr , a Chancellor 's Fellow at the University of Edinburgh , said : \" The results of our study add to existing research suggesting that our drive to drink coffee may be embedded in our genes . \" We need to do larger studies to confirm the discovery and also to clarify the biological link between PDSS2 and coffee consumption . \" The study is published in the journal Scientific Reports and was conducted at the universities of Edinburgh and Trieste , the Burlo Garofolo Pediatric Institute in Italy , the Erasmus Medical Centre and PolyOmica , a data analysis company based in Groningen , the Netherlands .", "Its parliament approved the sending of a formal invitation , which he has to accept before ascending to the throne . The deeply revered King died on 13 October , plunging Thailand into mourning . The prince was widely expected to succeed his father , but officials had earlier said he wanted to postpone it by at least a year . The official reason given was that he wanted to give the Thai people time to mourn his father before he became king . Correspondents say Thailand was left in an odd constitutional limbo as the prince , the undisputed heir , should have succeeded his father immediately . In the past doubts have been expressed by senior officials over how the crown prince can perform the role played by his father for 70 years . The monarchy occupies a pivotal place in Thailand 's political order . King had been seen as a unifying figure amid periods of political unrest , including during the most recent military coup in 2014 . The leader of Thailand 's parliament , the National Legislative Assembly , is expected to meet the crown prince in the next few days to formally invite him . Once the crown prince accepts , his succession would then be announced to the public . But it is still not clear when that will happen . Former Prime Minister is currently standing in as regent . Thailand has rarely had what might be called routine royal successions . The last was 70 years ago , when the young King was found shot dead in his bedroom in still unexplained circumstances . When he died , an emergency session of parliament that night named his grief-stricken brother king . Despite private speculation over the prospects of his popular sister Princess , Crown Prince has been the undisputed heir to the throne since his formal investiture in 1972 . Thai succession law follows the principle of primogeniture , where the throne should pass to the eldest son of the reigning king , but it also gives the king the discretion to name his own choice . King never wavered in his endorsement of the crown prince . But the crown prince 's unexpected decision to delay taking the throne has made this yet another succession which has departed from the script . His real reasons are not known ; public mourning for his father would not have been affected had he been anointed immediately after his father 's death .", "The East Antrim MP had been considering putting his name forward after ruled himself out . Finance Minister is the only person so far to declare an interest and has the backing of a majority of the party 's most senior elected representatives . Nominations to become the next leader of the DUP close later on Wednesday . announced in November that he was standing down as party leader . On Tuesday , Mrs said she was \" very humbled \" by the support she has received from party colleagues . Mr thought long and hard about his decision and spoke to among others , party colleagues Mrs and Mr . In the end he felt it would be in the best interests of the party that he did not put his name forward . He felt he wanted to make sure there was a smooth transition and that means almost certainly now that will be the new DUP leader and the new first minister at Stormont . She said she looked forward to leading the DUP , if that was the party 's wish . Mrs said she had hoped to work with Mr as a team . \" We will still hopefully work together as a team and that is certainly my wish for the future ,\" she said . In a tweet on Monday night , Mr said he had \" received a valid nomination \" from Mrs for the post of DUP leader . \" 's nomination was submitted with the support of over 75 % of those entitled to vote in the electoral college ,\" he added .", "Thames Valley Police made the discovery after being called to the property in Iffley Road at 14:58 BST . They are treating the death as \" unexplained \" . The force said Iffley Road would be closed to drivers and pedestrians for a \" number of hours \" between The Plain and Circus Street . Officers are appealing for information from the public .", "China Nuclear Industry Huaxing Construction was fined $ 3m ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.9m ) , the US Department of Justice said . The US has restricted nuclear-related exports to Pakistan since the country 's detonation of a nuclear device in 1998 . It marks the first time a Chinese company has admitted guilt in a US criminal export case . Nanjing-based Huaxing admitted to charges that it conspired to ship the epoxy coating through China to Pakistan 's Chashma II Nuclear Power Plant in 2006 and 2007 . Huaxing was building the site as part of a nuclear cooperation pact signed between Pakistan and China . A Chinese subsidiary of the company that made the coating , PPG Industries , pleaded guilty in the same investigation in 2010 .", "We already know Bridesmaids director is rebooting the franchise , with and leading a female-fronted cast . But the director of the original movie has suggested it will only be the start of a whole new franchise . has told Deadline.com that he wants to \" expand the Ghostbusters universe \" . According to him , that will include \" different films , TV shows , merchandise ... all things that are part of modern filmed entertainment \" . Nothing is confirmed but is one of the names rumoured to be up for a role . 's Ghostbusters reboot is due out in 2016 with Saturday Night Live 's and joining and . Now , Sony Pictures , along with and original star , are thought to be setting up a Ghost Corps production company which would oversee the output . suggests that the Russo Brothers , who directed Captain America : The Winter Soldier , would direct what would then be a fourth Ghostbusters film . The writer would be , who wrote Iron Man 3 and Mission Impossible 5 . Quoted by film website Deadline , said : \" 's film will be the first version of that . He 's got four of the funniest women in the world , and there will be other surprises to come . \" ( ) will start writing and the hope is to be ready for the Russo Brothers' next window next summer to shoot , with the movie coming out the following year . It 's just the beginning of what I hope will be a lot of wonderful movies . \" If Ghostbusters does go down that route , then it would be similar to the way Marvel has set out a whole schedule of interconnecting films . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Network Rail is doing work in the Chipping Sodbury and Alderton tunnels and building a new platform at Bristol Parkway . The improvements will run from Saturday until 15 September . They will allow new trains to run on the Great Western Rail mainline , including new intercity express trains . For the duration of the works , those travelling between south Wales and London should note : For those travelling to and from south Wales during the August Bank Holiday weekend from 26 August to 28 August : During the weekends from 23-24 September until 18-19 November , there will be further improvement work affecting south Wales and Bristol Parkway services . Passengers are advised to check their journeys .", "Police say 540,000 people rallied in Barcelona , the capital of the region in north-east Spain , while the rest gathered in four other Catalan towns . But numbers were down sharply compared with last year 's event , when 1.4 million rallied in Barcelona alone . Spain has consistently blocked attempts to hold a referendum on secession . Catalan regional president had urged support for \" converting Catalonia into an independent state \" . Divisions have also emerged between the separatist movement 's main political grouping in the Catalan parliament , the Together for Yes coalition , and its radical leftwing ally , the CUP . Mr , who took power in January , faces a confidence vote on 28 September . He advocates a negotiated withdrawal from Spain . When Catalan nationalists held an unofficial referendum on independence in November 2014 , 80 % of those who voted backed independence . Sunday is the \" Diada \" , Catalonia 's national day . It commemorates the moment in 1714 when Barcelona fell to troops loyal to Spain 's King during the War of the Spanish Succession . \" We have to move towards the final outcome ,\" 58-year-old office clerk , who planned to attend the rally in Barcelona with a friend , told AFP news agency . \" We ca n't wait any longer . \" Spain 's leading parties , deadlocked in their efforts to form a new government after two inconclusive general elections since December , have shown little sympathy for Catalan grievances . The region of 7.5 million people makes up 16 % of Spain 's population and accounts for almost 19 % of national GDP .", "The prince visited the Mants'ase Children 's Home in Maseru , Lesotho . \" Festive cheer ! Despite it being 32 degrees , someone gave out Christmas hats and inevitably one found its way on to my head ,\" he wrote . \" All the children , orphaned for one reason or another , absolutely loved the hats and balloons . \" Prince was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work with disadvantaged children , many of whom have Aids or have become orphans because of the disease . He was also photographed participating in the building of Mamohato Children 's Centre . This will give emotional and psychological support to young people affected by HIV and Aids . The prince visited a Mamohato Network Club in Maseru and said : \" These are children who have never had the chance to talk about their illness , and who had no idea that they were one of so many in their age group . \" It was really emotional watching them interact with each other . Some really outgoing chatty kids , others slightly overwhelmed , but all with huge smiles . \" This confirmed to me again that what we 're doing is going to change thousands of children 's lives , and hopefully save a generation . \" Prince also revealed his own love of photography and shared some images that he had taken . \" I have always enjoyed photography and the challenges that come with trying to capture the perfect shot , although privately I do n't take many photos ,\" he said . \" The best photos I have are in my head - I have some very special memories , mostly from Africa . \" But on this visit , I had the time and opportunity to be on the other side of the camera and take some photos in the stunning country of Lesotho for my charity , Sentebale . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Operators such as Uber and GrabTaxi will now have to register with the country 's Land Transport Authority . Under the regulations , fees charged by the booking apps cannot exceed those of regular taxi companies . The new measures will be enforced from the second quarter of next year , the government office said on Friday . \" To ensure that taxi services remain equally accessible to all members of the public , bidding and pre-trip tipping for taxi services will not be allowed ,\" the LTA added in a statement . Wealthy city-state Singapore is among the most expensive places in the world to own a car , with many commuters relying on taxis to get around . The popularity of taxi booking services has surged in the city of nearly 5.4 million people , especially during peak business hours . Uber has expanded rapidly in Singapore offering services such as high-end UberExec and cheaper UberX cars , along with a service to book regular taxis . The company said the new rules would not affect its extra services , because it already has partnerships with licensed limousine and rental car companies . \" We appreciate that the LTA has acknowledged the benefits our technology brings , and like Uber , is putting the interest and safety of consumers and drivers first ,\" said Uber 's regional general manager of Southeast Asia , , in a statement to Reuters . The San Francisco-based company has faced protests around the world by taxi drivers who are against its services , which allow people to become unlicensed taxi drivers by using their own cars .", "27 December 2016 Last updated at 09:00 GMT German was injured early one October morning while protecting his handler from a suspected armed robber . The seven-year-old fought for survival , helped every step of the way by his handler PC . BBC News looks back at how his recovery captured the hearts of thousands and inspired a petition calling on the government to re-think the laws surrounding injured police support animals .", "Fire crews were called to a property on Robertson Road just before 07:30 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said crews had used breathing apparatus as they tackled the fire . Senior officer for Moray and Aberdeenshire , , said : \" Our thoughts are with the family . We will now investigate the cause . \"", "Police said the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - were racially motivated . The victims were black . Protesters have been gathered since 25-year-old was shot during a struggle with police on 15 November . People who claimed to witness the incident said that was handcuffed , though police dispute this . Around two dozen tents and canopy shelters have been erected around the 4th Precinct police station . Demonstrators have also barricaded the roads with wood and pallets and lit campfires . According to criminal complaints , the four men went to the camp on 23 November . After a group of protesters attempted to escort them away , eight shots were heard . The city 's mayor , , said the camp has become unsafe and has asked people to disband their week-long protest . These request have been rejected by protesters , who have vowed to continue camping out despite cold weather and attacks . One of the shooting victims , , said they refuse to leave . \" They can have the street . We can take the sidewalk ,\" said . \" To be honest , we 're not going nowhere . \"", "Speaking to the BBC , said he would return from South Africa , which surrounds Lesotho , \" as soon as I know I am not going to get killed \" . Reports say the capital , Maseru , is now calm after soldiers seized buildings . The army denied staging a coup . Lesotho has seen a series of military coups since independence in 1966 . Mr has headed a unity government since elections in May 2012 , but suspended parliament sessions in June amid feuding in his coalition . He denied accusations that his actions had undermined his government . Mr said the army had rendered the government \" dysfunctional \" , an action that amounted to a coup . \" I have been removed from control not by the people but by the armed forces , and that is illegal ,\" he told the BBC 's Newshour programme . \" I came into South Africa this morning and I will return as soon as my life is not in danger . I will not go back to Lesotho to get killed . \" South Africa 's government described the situation as \" worrying \" , with spokesman saying the country would not tolerate \" unconstitutional change of government \" . At the scene : , Maseru , Lesotho This whole thing started around 03:00 . There were gunshots since early morning . The city is currently calm . People are playing it safe within their homes , but there is basically a media blackout . To all intents and purposes it is a military coup with the aim of ousting the prime minister . There can be no other reason of soldiers behaving the way they have been behaving other than to seize power . So far we have no reports of killings . It would be correct to call it a bloodless coup attempt . But I am not going to stick around . The chances are the situation may deteriorate . One does not know what is going to happen . is the publisher of the Lesotho Times The army is understood to have acted after the prime minister attempted to remove its chief , Lt Gen . The army said the general was still in charge , saying the military \" supports the democratically elected government of the day ,\" Reuters news agency reported . A spokesman , , denied staging a coup , saying : \" There is nothing like that , the situation has returned to normalcy ... the military has returned to their barracks . \" Earlier , troops were seen on the streets of Maseru and there were reports of gunfire . Radio stations were taken off air and phone lines were cut , although later reports suggested they were working again . Sports Minister told the AFP news agency that troops had surrounded State House , a key government building .", "The incident at 's office took place on Thursday morning . The AM said no valuables were taken but files had been \" gone through \" . He said metal bars had been cut to access the property at Cowbridge Road East . South Wales Police said an investigation had been launched . \" For a long period , there has been a concerted campaign of political harassment against me ,\" the South Wales Central AM claimed . He said that less than 12 months ago his home had been \" ransacked \" , with paperwork taken . Mr said that in the early hours of Thursday \" the criminals involved went through two outside doors , down a lane , removed a screwed in hard wood cover on the back window , cut through a PVC window frame and cut through metal bars to get in the window \" . \" Once again , valuables were ignored in the office , but drawers were broken into and files gone through in the back office which was n't alarmed . \" Thankfully , they could n't gain access to the main part of the office without tripping the alarm . \" \" I put in place new safety procedures for staff at the end of last term , because I am aware of serious cages being rattled ,\" he said . \" Some people would like to silence us , but this intimidation has just added to our motivation . \" A South Wales Police spokesman said that the break-in was reported after 09:00 GMT on Thursday . He said that investigations were ongoing and that no arrests had been made . A Plaid Cymru spokeswoman said : \" has now been the subject of two break-ins , one at home and one at his office . \" Plaid Cymru is supporting him and his staff at this time and is keen that the police establish whether these intrusions are linked . \" All elected representatives and their staff deserve to operate in a democratic way without fear of harassment or intimidation . \" The National Assembly is working with and his staff to ensure their safety and security , and we strongly urge that this continues. \" \u00e2 \u20ac \u017d", "The 50m ( 150ft ) pylons would run from Carlisle to Heysham , Lancashire , to connect a new \u00c2 \u00a3 10bn nuclear power plant at Moorside , Sellafield , to the grid . Power Without Pylons and Friends of the Lake District say the National Grid is \" ignoring \" demands for the cables to go underground in \" sensitive landscapes \" . The National Grid said it \" fully recognises the importance \" of the area . The campaign walk is taking place from Black Combe where the pylons will be visible , down to the National Park 's costal boundary and across the mouth of Duddon . , chairman of Power Without Pylons , said : \" This is a very serious decision . These pylons are going to be up for the rest of this century . \" I do n't think people appreciate two things - one , how stunning the view is around here , and two , how much these pylons are going to affect it by their sheer size . \" The Lake District is being put forward as the UK 's next nomination for World Heritage status . A National Grid spokesman said : \" We have not yet made a final decision on how and where the new connection will be built . \" When building connections for generators , we strive to avoid designated landscapes . Where this is not possible , we work closely with stakeholders and communities and carry out consultations to develop a proposal which achieves the best possible balance between protecting the environment and ensuring everyone has an affordable electricity supply . \" A formal consultation is expected to take place later in the year , with the final plans submitted to the planning inspectorate in 2017 .", "National Guard troops are now pulling out of the city . The curfew was put in place on Tuesday , after protests over 's death turned violent . Six police officers are facing criminal charges over the death , which has been ruled a homicide . They deny wrongdoing . was arrested on 12 April , and died a week later from injuries sustained in the back of a police van . Under the curfew , residents were ordered to stay home from 22:00 until 05:00 , and officials had been expected to keep it in place for another day . But on Sunday morning , Baltimore Mayor said she did not want to maintain it any longer than was necessary . \" My goal has always been to not have the curfew in place a single day longer than was necessary ,\" the mayor wrote on her Twitter account . \" I believe we have reached that point today . \" Protests in Baltimore have continued since looting and arson erupted on Monday night - which prompted the deployment of the National Guard . However the demonstrations have been largely peaceful since then . Maryland Governor said the state of emergency in the city would not be lifted until the last soldier had left . Correspondents say the charges against the officers - ranging from manslaughter to second-degree murder - have eased tensions . The charges were announced on Friday by the city 's top prosecutor . But a lawyer for the six officers insisted they had done \" nothing wrong \" . Police have admitted that , 25 , was not secured in the van by a seatbelt and that his requests for medical attention while being transported were denied . 's death is the latest in a series of killings of black men at the hands of police in the US which have sparked rioting and national debate . What we know about 's death Is Baltimore starting to heal ?", ", 30 , is available for Sunday 's Scottish League Cup semi-final against Celtic . He was on the bench in the Dons' third-round defeat by Hibernian but did not feature . Following spells at Motherwell , Cardiff City and Doncaster Rovers , spent a season with County before joining Aberdeen last summer . He has made more than 360 senior appearances and was capped by Scotland 's Under-21 side earlier in his career . For all the latest transfers check out our transfer deals page .", "was still there at the close on 105 , with captain on 34 , as the Division One leaders ground out 298-3 from 96 overs in the day . Teenager fell 11 short of a second successive Championship ton on 89 , while made 45 . But the unbroken century stand between and put Lancs on top . Having so far put on exactly 100 , they will resume on Monday with a third batting bonus point looking a formality - and 14 overs to get a fourth . But , if they maintain their current pace of scoring , the Division One leaders will not reach 400 by the time the all-important 110-over mark is reached . followed up his maiden first-class hundred against Warwickshire at Old Trafford last week by taking almost five hours over his 89 . But it was surpassed by the 41st hundred of 35-year-old South African Test player 's first-class career . Lancashire cricket director and head coach told BBC Radio Manchester : \" We were n't quite sure what to do when we first turned up this morning . The pitch had a green tinge to it but in the end we decided to toss up and to opt to bat . \" We knew that pitches at Lord 's have been good in recent times so we went with that , and it worked out well for us . \" Both and batted extremely well . We are very lucky to have a number of youngsters who have come into the team and are performing well but we also need our senior players to pull their weight and did that . \" We did not expect to be leading the First Division at this stage , but there is a long way to go . \"", "The emails confirmed the camp 's interest in receiving help from the Russian government to discredit opponent during the presidential campaign last year . The Dow Jones was unchanged at 21,409.07 and the S & P 500 edged down 0.08 % to 2,425.53 . The Nasdaq rose 0.3 % to 6,193.3 . Wall Street has generally climbed this year , in spite of some shaky moments stemming from unease over the fate of the Trump administration and prospects for its business-friendly agenda . Markets also sank in May amid a furore over US President 's firing of former FBI Director , who had been investigating ties between the campaign and Russia . That investigation is ongoing . On Tuesday , a rise in oil prices helped lift energy stocks , such as Exxon Mobil , which climbed 0.6 % . But bank stocks lost ground ahead of the release of quarterly earnings this week and a day after the US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unveiled a rule making it easier for customers to file collective lawsuits . introduced a The rule forbids companies from requiring that people use an individual , out-of-court process to resolve disputes as part of the contract for their credit card and bank accounts . Bank of America and Citigroup shares fell 1.2 % on Tuesday , while Wells Fargo dropped 1 % . The rule may be short-lived as it comes amid a push by the White House and Republicans in Congress to make the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau less powerful . Senator , a Republican who represents Arkansas , said on Tuesday he would file legislation to undo the rule .", "But there are plenty of other options to choose from , including Olympic gold medals , world records and election to Parliament . 1979 - Three world records in 41 days As a young middle distance runner , claimed a number of UK records and had already begun to show considerable talents as an athlete by 1979 . But the year marked an important milestone when - aged just 22 - he broke the 800m , one mile and 1,500m world records within the space of just 41 days . He was the first person to hold all three records at the same time . He also won Sports Personality of the Year . 1980 - First Olympic medals will always be remembered for his Olympic success . In 1980 , amid intense rivalry with fellow British runner , he won gold in the 1,500m in Moscow . He took silver in his preferred race - the 800m - finishing second to . 1984 - Second Olympic Gold Despite spending months fighting illness , returned to the Olympic track in Los Angeles four years later and became the first man to win successive 1,500m golds , beating fellow Briton into second ( failed to finish the race ) . was beaten into second again in the 800m by . 1992 - Enters Parliament After retiring from athletics in 1990 , pursued a career in politics and was chosen to fight the Falmouth and Camborne constituency for the Conservatives at the 1992 election . beat the Liberal Democrat candidate by more than 3,000 votes and took his place in Parliament . He lost the seat in 1997 when 's Labour Party swept to power . He briefly returned to politics as chief of staff to , when he was Leader of the Opposition . 2005 - Helps secure Olympics for London Despite London lagging in third place behind Paris and Madrid in early stages , the UK capital secured the games under 's leadership . Sports commentators said a speech he made , shortly before the vote , helped turn the race in London 's favour . \" This is almost entirely on a different planet to winning the gold medals ,\" said at the time . He went on to become Chairman of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and is said to have been a key player in organising the Queen 's appearance in the James Bond scene in the Games' opening ceremony . 2015 - Elected president of the IAAF Despite one of the most impressive CVs in athletics history , Lord suggested his election as IAAF chief topped all his achievements . He beat , a former Olympic pole vault champion , by 115 votes to 92 . His first test , and perhaps his biggest yet , will be to deal with the fallout from doping allegations .", ", 25 , played in only five games for Forest Green last season , but made 33 appearances on loan at Boreham Wood . He started his career with Reading , and had spells at Barnet and Salisbury before joining Rovers in 2014 . York were relegated from League Two last season after winning only seven league games .", "More than 130 owners have reported overheating problems behind the glove-box area , some of which have resulted in fires . Vauxhall is investigating the problem , but has not yet issued a full recall . The affected model is the Zafira B. It is thought that 280,000 of them are currently on the road in the UK . The alarm was raised by three different women , who say their cars burst into flames . Among them was , from Devon , who had four children in her Zafira when a fire began behind the dashboard . also from Devon , had to evacuate her car along with her husband when a similar incident occurred . They and others have posted pictures of the fires on Facebook . Vauxhall has already examined 20 such cars which have been burned out , and has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate . In a statement , it said it thought the heating and ventilation system was to blame . It said previous repairs may have been carried out improperly , or in some cases , non-genuine parts may have caused the fires . The affected models have manual air-conditioning , as pictured above . Owners who have electronic climate control have not reported any problems . The cars , all right-hand drive , were built between 2005 and 2014 . Anyone who has concerns about their vehicle is being asked to contact their dealer .", "LudoSport has opened its first academy teaching seven forms of combat from the Star Wars world using flexible blades mounted on weighted hilts . The sport began eight years ago in Italy but has only just come to England with the first classes in Cheltenham . Instructor Jordan Court said people were already \" hooked \" . The classes in Cheltenham began last month . So far there are six pupils , but this number is expected to increase . Mr Court attended an international boot camp to learn the different stages of the sport which range in characteristics from defensive in stage one to \" aggressive and flamboyant \" in stage four and \" unpredictable \" in stage seven . The 34-year-old said fighting with \" an elegant weapon for a more civilized age \" was a childhood dream come true . \" My brother and I used to steal our 's bamboo garden canes to fight with ,\" he said . The lightsabers used in the sport are all hand-made and are provided for use during the classes , Mr Court said . The sport is so new to England that there have only been a handful of classes so far but Mr Court said there were plans to begin teaching in Bristol by the end of October ... if \" the Force \" was with the academy . Lightsaber Combat Academy There are several ranks for those wishing to become a fully-fledged Jedi Knight :", "The 68-year-old from Bournemouth died when his Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke on the A31 near Corfe Mullen . The road , near the Coventry Arms pub , was closed for more than five hours after the crash happened at 13:20 BST . The driver of the Nissan , a 49-year-old woman from Waterlooville , was seriously injured and airlifted to Southampton General Hospital but police said her condition was not life-threatening . Three men who were travelling in the Nissan sustained serious but not life-threatening injuries and were taken to Poole Hospital . Sgt said : \" I would like to thank motorists for their patience during the road closures which are necessary to allow emergency services to deal with the incident . \"", "The approval depends on Shell getting a nod from other US regulators , the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management said . Shell stopped Arctic exploration more than two years ago after problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures . Environmental campaigners oppose the move . Shell has spent about $ 6bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 3.85bn ) on exploration in the Arctic - a region estimated to have about 20 % of the world 's undiscovered oil and gas . The Anglo-Dutch company wants to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep , using two vessels that can serve as backups in the event of an emergency . \" We have taken a thoughtful approach to carefully considering potential exploration in the Chukchi Sea ,\" said , director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , in a statement . This conditional approval means Shell must obtain permits from the federal government and the state of Alaska to begin drilling this summer . , an official at Oceana , a group against Arctic drilling , said : \" Our government has rushed to approve risky and ill-conceived exploration in one of the most remote and important places on Earth . \" Among Shell 's woes the last time it tried to drill in the area were its failure to have a spill-response barge on site before the drills reached oil-bearing zones , as it had promised , and the outbreak of fire on the Noble Discoverer rig that Shell had hired . The Kulluk , a circular drilling barge , broke away from its towing vessel and ran aground on its way to a shipyard in Washington state . \" The approval of our Revised Chukchi Sea Exploration Plan is an important milestone and signals the confidence regulators have in our plan ,\" said Shell spokesman .", ", 23 , was found dead at Theobolds Park Hotel in Waltham Cross , Hertfordshire . She had been strangled . admitted the charge of murder when he appeared at St Albans Crown Court via a video link from Bedford Prison . A psychiatric report is to be prepared on who was remanded in custody and will be sentenced on 18 April . , for the prosecution , said : \" What needs to be established are the circumstances of 's death . There was a no comment interview with the police . \" , defending , said admitted deliberately and intentionally killing in a hotel room . He said his client had been seeking psychiatric help after being convicted of making threats to kill in Bristol . Miss 's family were in court for the hearing . In a statement released by police at the time of her death , they said : \" As a family we are distraught , in shock and totally devastated . There was not a bad bone in 's body . \" worked hard and loved her job as a teacher . In what little spare time she had she enjoyed sports . \" We now feel like our future has been stolen from us . \"", "The crackdown began last month when Turkish ISPs were told to cut off the virtual private networks people use to hide where they go . Many people are changing the way they connect to Tor to avoid the block . Activists said the block moved Turkey 's net censorship policies from \" moderate \" to \" severe \" . Tor , also known as The Onion Router , aims to conceal where people go online by using encryption and randomly bouncing requests for webpages through a network of different computers . The system has become popular in many nations , such as China and Turkey , where governments are known to watch what people do and say online . Now Turkey Blocks , which monitors internet censorship in the nation , said its regular monitoring of Tor showed that it was being widely blocked across the country . The organisation started to investigate after many people in Turkey reported having problems reaching the Tor network . It added that the Turkish government had put in place sophisticated systems at ISPs to spot when people were trying to connect to Tor . These inspect packets of data and can pick out the distinctive signature of those that are destined for Tor . Turkey Blocks said the Turkish government ordered firms to start blocking VPNs and Tor in early December , and has increased the pressure on firms to act by asking for weekly updates about the success of the measures . The monitoring group said that while direct access to Tor was not working well , many people were reporting that they could still access the network if they used a bridge . These are unofficial entry points to the Tor network which , because they are not listed in the software itself , can survive when blocks are imposed . Turkey has a long history of cutting off access to websites and services - particularly during periods of social unrest .", "The Uruguayan , 25 , was signed from Nacional two years ago but made just six league appearances for Boro , three of them as a substitute . He ended last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo , where he played seven times and scored once . Boro say they have decided to end his contract in order to help him find a new club .", "The jihadists seized buildings on the eastern edge of the adjacent city of Tadmur on Thursday , but their push was reportedly halted by the Syrian army . Syria 's antiquities chief warned that if IS seizes the Unesco World Heritage site it will destroy everything there . The group has ransacked and demolished several ancient sites in Iraq . Palmyra has already suffered some damage during the four-year civil war . It is situated in a strategically important area on the road between the capital , Damascus and the contested eastern city of Deir al-Zour , and close to gas fields On Thursday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that IS militants were mounting an assault on Tadmur , the modern town next to the ruins of Palmyra . Twenty-six civilians in a village outside Tadmur were summarily killed by IS - at least 10 by beheading - on Thursday after being accused of collaborating with President 's government , Mr said . IS itself claimed on Twitter that it had taken control of northern and eastern parts of Tadmur , and that it had shot down a Syrian air force MiG jet in the area . Homs provincial governor confirmed that al-Sukhanah , a town to the north-east , had fallen on Wednesday and said 1,800 families from the town were sheltering in Tadmur . The Syrian Observatory said more than 70 soldiers and 40 militants had been killed in the battle for al-Sukhanah . Rising out of the desert and flanked by an oasis , Palmyra contains the monumental ruins of a great city that was one of the most important cultural centres of the ancient world , according to Unesco . The site , most of which dates back to the 1st to the 2nd Century when the region was under Roman rule , is dominated by a grand , colonnaded street . At the southern end of the 1.1km street is the great temple of Bel , considered one of the most important religious buildings of the 1st Century in the East and of unique design . Syria 's director of antiquities , , said that if Palmyra were to fall to IS , it would be an \" international catastrophe \" . \" It will be a repetition of the barbarism and savagery which we saw in Nimrud , Hatra and Mosul ,\" he told AFP news agency . The ancient sites in northern Iraq were recently blown up by IS militants , who control swathes of territory on both sides of the Syria-Iraq border . A US-led coalition has carried out air strikes on the jihadist group 's positions since September . However , it says it does not co-ordinate its actions with the government .", "The spelling error was spotted close to the High Street in Warsop , Nottinghamshire on Friday afternoon . quickly photographed the sign , which should have read \" right \" , prior to the error being painted over . A spokesman for the Co-op said the contractors were made aware of their mistake and would amend the spelling \" as quickly as possible \" .", ", who led the Magpies to six wins in 28 Premier League matches , was replaced by in March , but the Spaniard could not prevent them from being relegated to the Championship . \" I conceded too much , especially early on , instead of saying ' we need this and this ',\" told BBC Radio 5 live . \" I hope they 've allowed [ ] control of everything . \" He added : \" Listen to him , this is what he wants , these are his requirements , this is the team he needs to make . \" Newcastle sat 19th in the table when departed , with a 3-1 home defeat by Bournemouth his final match in charge . \" The mistake I made was I compromised too much ,\" said the former England , Derby and FC Twente manager . \" I wanted to get enough results on the field so I could gradually gain a bit more control . But I think you have to be domineering as you go in , you have to make sure you get what you want . \" The 54-year old is confident the Magpies have learnt from his experience and will afford greater control as he bids to return Newcastle to the top flight . \" I think now with being in there he will be allowed to take control of media , of staff , and of recruitment - which is the most important thing ,\" he said . \" You have to make sure that you work together to establish what you want , what you 're comfortable working with . \"", "A \u00a3 60,000 feasibility study will examine how to alter Aberystwyth University 's Old College and the costs . The building opened in 1865 as a hotel , but was later bought by a group of philanthropists who founded the university . It is home to various departments and is used for teaching . The university said the Old College was one of finest examples of the work of gothic revival architect . It is one of the town 's most recognisable buildings with spires , towers , gargoyled parapets and steep-pitched roofs \" like a French Renaissance chateau \" . Plans include creating a \" cultural quarter \" based around the Old College , a postgraduate centre providing world-class teaching , learning and study spaces , an art gallery , and lecturing and performance facilities . University vice-chancellor Prof said : \" Research consistently shows that Aberystwyth University is recognised as one of the best locations to study for undergraduates . \" We want to build on that and develop a world class postgraduate centre . \" However , the Old College should have a community focus as well as an academic one . \" We want to provide a resource for residents and visitors as well as students and staff . \" Our vision is for state-of-the-art learning facilities , exhibition space , a university shop and a first point of contact for local businesses - truly bringing the town and gown together in a new cultural quarter . \" Regeneration Minister said : \" The Old College is an iconic building in Aberystwyth and resonates with present and past students of the university . \" Its location in the centre of the town can provide a focal point to the area 's regeneration and the potential ideas put forward sound extremely exciting . \" The final feasibility study , which will also include a number of other university properties , is expected to be finished in March 2013 . It will be funded by a Welsh government regeneration fund and the university . Aberystwyth has been identified as a regeneration area by the Welsh government and up to \u00a3 10.3m has been made available to invest , which is being used on a number of projects in the town .", "( 113 ) plus ( 81 ) and 's ( 85 ) century partnership saw Notts beyond 300 , and added an unbeaten 63 . Surrey 's took three wickets and West Indies paceman ( 5-93 ) saw off Notts' lower order . At the close , Surrey were 7-0 having survived two overs unscathed . Surrey , who took the option to bowl first without a toss , removed and before lunch , but could not halt until he had guided Notts beyond 200 . The hosts , who picked up maximum batting bonus points , looked like posting a huge total until was caught behind by off to leave Notts 308-5 . Surrey will resume on Monday with openers and looking to give them a foothold in the match .", "The Pass Wide and Slow Wales campaign has collected 1,300 signatures on the assembly 's e-petition website . It wants an annual road safety awareness campaign explaining to motorists how to react around horses . The British Horse Society found that since 2010 there have been 2,000 road accidents in the UK , with 1,500 because of cars passing too closely . As a result of these , 180 horses and 36 riders have died . Awareness rides were planned for Penarth , Vale of Glamorgan , Swansea , Neyland in Pembrokeshire , Machynlleth , Powys , Flintshire and Porthmadog in Gwynedd . Any petition with over 50 signatures is considered by a committee to be debated in the assembly .", "Dead Men Risen , written by and published by , took the prize at a ceremony in Westminster and was the judges' unanimous choice . It focuses on the death of Lt Colonel in 2009 . It was published in amended form after the first print run was destroyed by the MoD . The judges said the book \" takes us into the hearts and minds of the Welsh Guards in a way that is both interesting and visceral \" . \" It challenges every citizen of this country to examine exactly what we 're asking soldiers to do in Afghanistan ,\" the panel continued . \" Rather than offering easy answers it lets the soldiers speak for themselves . \" Other awards presented included a posthumous honour for , whose final book , Arguably , was included on the long list for the top prize . widow accepted the award on behalf of the Vanity Fair writer . The journalism prize was awarded to for her work in The Guardian , while the blog award went to Rangers Tax Case - an online commentary on the ongoing financial problems at the historic Scottish football club . The writers of the blog said they aimed to \" provide the details of what Rangers FC have done , why it was illegal and what the implications are for one of the largest football clubs in Britain \" . The winners were chosen from shortlists of six books , six journalists and seven bloggers , whittled down from longlists of 17 books , 12 journalists and 18 bloggers . Each of the winners received a \u00c2 \u00a3 3,000 prize .", "said organisers of the WI 's Centennial Fair in Harrogate asked him to cover up coasters , mugs and tea-towels featuring some of Britain 's saucier-named towns and villages . The author was selling merchandise for his book ' Lesser Spotted Britain ' when asked to hide the offending items . The organisers have yet to comment . Mr said he was approached by a male organiser who described some of the promotional material as \" unacceptable \" . He was asked to put greetings cards in brown paper bags and cover place names with ' censored ' stickers . Mr said : \" It was pretty farcical , it was like I was running an adult shop . \" I had to cover up what on paper seem like rude names but , in context , are real places from around the UK . \" It 's just ' Carry On ' humour , it 's not like you ca n't drive past these places , they 're all out there on the street for people to see . \" The writer , from Manchester , said ladies approaching his stall during the event at the weekend were \" gobsmacked \" by the move and thought it was a marketing gimmick . \" Some of them were pretty put out and thought it was patronising ,\" he added . Wetwang , East Yorkshire Cockermouth , Cumbria Three Cocks , Powys Twatt , Shetland Islands Bell End , Northamptonshire Sandy Balls , Hampshire Slack Bottom , West Yorkshire Butts View , Derbyshire Cocking , Sussex Bully Hole Bottom , Monmouthshire Minge Lane , Worcestershire Assington , Suffolk Juggs Lane , West Sussex Furry Way , Cornwall Rings End , Cambridgeshire Guests of the event took to Twitter to share their confusion . \" Oh the censorship thing did have us rolling with laughter - we 're just so delicate !\" said one . Other WI branches also waded in with their thoughts : \" At the fab @ Lesser _ Spotted stand at @ theWI fair but shocked to find he 'd been censored by the MEN who run the event ! !\" said the Cottonopolis WI .", "Media playback is not supported on this device accused Glasgow of targeting him in Munster 's recent European game and Scotland skipper has promised more of the same on Saturday . But , 26 , believes an effective Irish display will negate the issue . \" We know what we have to do . Make the ball available for him . He 's a big man . can look after himself ,\" he said . Asked whether Ireland will plan extra protection for his Munster colleague , replied : \" No. No. He is a player that looks after himself . We just need to get the ball back from the ruck and make it easier for him to get the ball and let him play his game . Scrum-half , 27 , claimed the Scottish club had put him at risk of injury in the European Champions Cup game at Scotstoun on 14 January . took a blow to the head during the contest and Munster were later cleared of any wrongdoing by Champions Cup organisers after the scrum-half had initially returned to the field following the incident before undergoing a head injury assessment . In response , the Warriors' coaching staff and players were adamant that their tactics , while robust , were firmly within the laws of the game . Scotland scrum-half stuck firmly to this line at a news conference on Tuesday . said : \" Glasgow did everything within the rules of the game . As a nine you are always going to get teams putting pressure on you . Media playback is not supported on this device \" In that game , Glasgow got a charge down on him but they were trying to get the ball back - they were n't trying to deliberately injure the player . \" Will we be putting pressure on him ? For sure we will . He 's not going to come to Murrayfield and get an armchair ride . \" We need to do that to every Irish player but we can expect the same back , I 'm sure . \" For his part , believes the Munster pack \" let down \" at Scotstoun but he appears confident that there will not be a repetition at Murrayfield . \" We did n't look after him as much as we could [ at Scotstoun ] . This weekend , we all have to concentrate on our job . We know what we have to do . \"", "The 54-year-old had needed to run a double marathon on Sunday , finishing beneath a giant statue of in Johannesburg . attempted a similar feat in South Africa in 2012 but had to pull out for health reasons . It has been confirmed the comedian 's endurance feat had raised more than \u00c2 \u00a3 1.35m for the charity appeal . \" That was very , very tough ,\" he told reporters as he swigged from a celebratory bottle of sparkling white wine . The 27 marathons were intended to reflect the 27 years Mr had spent in prison before becoming South Africa 's first black president . \" It 's been the hardest thing I 've ever done ,\" said a \" very tired \" . \" Thank you to everyone who has donated [ and ] do n't do this at home . \" , marathon runner and DJ are among those who have tweeted their congratulations .", "The Canaries , who won thanks to 's goal , are second in the Championship with two wins from three . \" The first 10 minutes were quite even but after that we were in control of the game . We hit the woodwork a few times ,\" told BBC Radio Norfolk . \" If our passing in the final third was a bit slicker we would have had more chances . I think we deserved to win . \" continued : \" I ca n't really remember too many opportunities for them to score , if any . \" The first goal is crucial because it mucks up their gameplan because they need to come out and leaves us more space to go and exploit . \" Norwich were relegated from the Premier League last season with 67 goals conceded , the joint-second-most in the division . But they have kept clean sheets in their last two home games , and said : \" That 's going to be key going forward . \"( A lack of clean sheets ) was a criticism of us last season and something we want to try to fix . In the last two games it 's been better . \"", "The Love Actually star will have a supporting role in the spy film , according to The Hollywood Reporter . , and Man of Steel actor will also feature in the adaptation of the TV series , which ran from 1964 to 1968 . , who most recently starred in Cloud Atlas with , will play the head of British Naval Intelligence . The film follows special agents , played by , and - Lone Ranger star - who work for the mysterious United Network Command for Law Enforcement ( U.N.C.L.E. ) . Swedish actress , known for her role as in 's , has been cast as the female lead , while The Great Gatsby 's will also star in the adaptation . had been tipped for the role of , originally portrayed by in the TV series , while was set to play the lead role in director 's earlier version of the film . However , withdrew from the film and subsequently dropped out of the project . Director will co-write the script with , who wrote both of 's Sherlock Holmes films , starring . Production is due to begin in September with a release planned for 2014 . There were 105 episodes of the multi-award winning TV show , The Man From U.N.C.L.E , with the first series broadcast in black-and-white .", "The country has now seen two consecutive quarters of declining growth , the usual definition of recession . Its vital oil industry has been hit by weaker global prices , according to the Nigerian Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) . But the government says there has been strong growth in other sectors . Crude oil sales account for 70 % of government income . The price of oil has fallen from highs of about $ 112 a barrel in 2014 to below $ 50 at the moment . Outside the oil industry , the figures show the fall in the Nigerian currency , the naira , has hurt the economy . It was allowed to float freely in June to help kick-start the economy , but critics argued it should have been done earlier . The government , however , has found some positive news in the figures . \" There was growth in the agricultural and solid minerals sectors ... the areas in which the federal government has placed particular priority ,\" said presidential economic adviser . Nigeria , which vies with South Africa for the mantle of Africa 's biggest economy , is also battling an inflation rate at an 11-year high of 17.1 % in July . \" A lot of Nigeria 's current predicament could have been avoided ,\" said from Aberdeen Asset Management . \" The country is so reliant on oil precisely because its leaders have n't diversified the economy . \" More recently , they have tried , and failed , to prop up the naira , which has had a ruinous effect on the country 's foreign exchange reserves and any reputation it might have had of being fiscally responsible . \" This economic recession comes as no surprise to millions of Nigerians . Many say they 've never known it so tough . The slump in global oil prices has hit Nigeria hard . The government depends on oil sales for about 70 % of its revenues . But critics say government policies made a bad situation even worse . The decision to delay devaluing Nigeria 's currency meant many businesses struggled to get foreign currency to pay for imports , which had a cooling effect on the entire economy . Following enormous pressure , the government changed tack this summer , allowing the naira to float . That 's led to a spike in inflation , but the hope is that it will attract foreign investors . The government also says the country needs to import less : it wants to see more products made in Nigeria .", "Mining , energy , and financial stocks were among the big gainers , with healthcare and telecoms among the main losers . The Dow Jones rose 0.6 % to 19,912.7 , and the S & P 500 rose 0.7 % to 2,280.07 . The Nasdaq added 0.9 % to 5,600.9 . Small-company stocks outpaced the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 jumped 1.6 % to 1,369.21 points . Mining and other materials sector companies could benefit from initiatives by the White House to streamline the permitting process for manufacturing and clear the way for pipeline construction . Energy companies climbed as crude oil prices closed higher . The rally also swept up stocks in US homebuilders . Healthcare , phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose . While several big companies reported quarterly earnings , investors focused on the latest batch of executive actions from President . \" The importance of this earnings season has been dimmed only because we all realise there 's going to be some changes in policy ,'' said , TD Ameritrade 's chief strategist . \" Now you 're trading on the edicts , or whatever they may be , that are coming out of the White House . '' hosted a breakfast meeting with the heads of General Motors , Ford , and Fiat Chrysler , the big three US carmakers that argues should invest more in the US . The chiefs expressed optimism after the meeting , prompting a rise in carmakers' shares . GM gained 1 % , Ford added 2.4 % , and Fiat Chrysler rose 5.8 % . Verizon fell 4.4 % after the phone and communications company posted earnings for the last three months of 2016 that fell short of what analysts' forecasts .", "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's son is the first member of the UK Royal family to have his first birthday marked by a new coin . The third in line to the throne and future king turns one on 22 July . The design of the sterling silver piece was approved by his parents ; his great-grandmother the Queen ; and Chancellor . It bears the heraldic royal arms and the year 2014 . Prince was photographed at the weekend walking with the help of his mother . , director of commemorative coin and bullion at the Royal Mint , said : \" We felt there could be no more fitting design to mark the first birthday of our future king than the royal arms - the arms of the monarch - minted in honour of the future heir to the throne . \" The choice of a silver coin is significant too , as the precious metal is closely associated with newborn babies ... \" Crossing the palm of a newborn baby with silver is a way to wish them wealth and good health throughout their life , whilst the \u00a3 5 coin is a favourite for royal celebrations . \" The coins will be a limited mintage of 7,500 and will cost \u00a3 80 each from the Royal Mint . The heraldic royal arms incorporates the four quarterings of the royal arms , each contained in a shield , as well as a rose , thistle , leek , a sprig of shamrock and a crown . It was originally created for the Queen and was last used on a coin struck for the British Exhibition in New York in 1960 . 's birth and his christening were also marked with commemorative coins .", "However , the 2018 event , set to showcase art , design and innovation , will not be the first in the region . In 1929 , the North East Coast Exhibition was opened by the Prince of Wales in Newcastle amid great fanfare . So , will organisers take inspiration from the grand event , which attracted four million visitors ? Responding to the Newcastle and Gateshead announcement , the North East Chamber of Commerce said : \" The Great Exhibition looks set to be the launch pad of real growth in our regional economy . \" The Prince of Wales - later King - opened the 1929 event and said : \" The industries of the North are not yet knocked out of the ring . \" They are fighting back gallantly with a good Northern punch . \" And the \" northern punch \" included cutting-edge technology , such as a cow milking machine , a telescope brought down from Edinburgh University , and the local newspaper using a newly-designed electric sign to flash out the latest news items . Industry and consumer items were represented , some of them household names that remain , such as Hoover vacuum cleaners , Singer sewing machines , and Pyrex glass ovenware . Andrews Liver Salts showed off its brand with a 15ft \" fountain of health \" . For entertainment there was an amusement park , a Himalayan Railway , and an African village . More than four million people passed through the turnstiles between May and October that year , including King of Spain and the Sultan of Zanzibar . Each millionth visitor was presented with a gold watch . When the exhibition ended , the pavilions were dismantled and the area reverted to a public park . Unfortunately , that \" northern punch \" would fall victim to the economic depression a few years later , in the 1930s .", "The body of was found at an apartment in the Riverside complex , Kimmage , on Monday evening . He had been stabbed to death . His mother , a doctor who is originally from Iraq , appeared at Dublin District Court on Thursday . The 42 year old was remanded in custody until next week . During the hearing , a detective sergeant gave evidence of the arrest . He said that about 45 minutes after she was charged , said : \" Yes it was my knife . Yes it was my hand . \" It was not me . It was the power . \"", ", 49 , was injured at Samsons in Rood End Road , Oldbury , in the early hours of Sunday . , 36 , of Haybridge Avenue , Stourbridge , and , 42 , from Old Bridge Walk , , have been charged . They are due to appear at Wolverhampton Crown Court on 30 November . Mr , of Oldbury , was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died on Monday .", "The builder said it would construct 139 homes at Duddingston Park South , Duddingston , and 165 at Newcraighall Village . Barratt Homes will also build a total of 102 affordable homes between the two developments . Newcraighall Village and Duddingston Park South are both set to launch later this year . , sales director at Barratt Homes for the East of Scotland , said : \" 2014 has been buoyant year for new homes sales and we are pleased to be launching these two new developments in the Edinburgh area , to allow us to keep up with demand . \" With a wide selection of modern homes on offer and in sought-after locations , we hope these developments will be extremely popular . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device , 25 , was beaten to gold by 0.425 points as Canada 's won a second successive Olympic title with a score of 56.465 . World champion of China took bronze , while another Briton , , came sixth . \" I ca n't believe I 've won an Olympic medal ,\" said , from Huntingdon . \" I 'm just so happy . \" Find out how to get into gymnastics with our special guide . \" I had no idea it was a medal but my performance was the best I could have done . That is why I was so happy , that all the training and hard work had paid off . \" I am so happy I got to share the final with Kat . \" Prior to winning Olympic silver , 's highest career finish in an international event was fifth at the 2015 World Championships in Denmark . Trampoline made its Olympic debut in 2000 and this is the first time British women have reached the final . Media playback is not supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "The \" witches' marks \" were often carved near entrances to buildings , including the house where Shakespeare was born and the Tower of London . The symbols were believed to offer protection when belief in witchcraft and the supernatural was widespread . But heritage agency Historic England says too little is known about them . This Halloween it is calling for people to document the marks , which can be found in medieval houses , churches and other buildings , most commonly from around 1550 to 1750 . The symbols , which were intended to protect inhabitants and visitors of buildings from witches and evil spirits , took many forms , including patterns and sometimes letters . The most common type was the \" Daisy Wheel \" , which looked like a flower drawn with a compass in a single endless line that was supposed to confuse and entrap evil spirits . They also took the form of letters , such as AM for Ave Maria , M for Mary or VV , for Virgin of Virgins , scratched into medieval walls , engraved on wooden beams and etched into plasterwork to evoke the protective power of the Virgin Mary . Known examples include several found at Shakespeare 's birthplace in Stratford-upon-Avon , Warwickshire , carved near the cellar door where beer was kept , and at the Tithe Barn , Bradford-on-Avon , Wiltshire , to protect crops . Others have been found in caves , such as the Witches' Chimney at Wookey Hole , Somerset , which has numerous markings . , chief executive of Historic England , said : \" Witches' marks are a physical reminder of how our ancestors saw the world . \" They really fire the imagination and can teach us about previously-held beliefs and common rituals . \" Ritual marks were cut , scratched or carved into our ancestors' homes and churches in the hope of making the world a safer , less hostile place . \" They were such a common part of everyday life that they were unremarkable and because they are easy to overlook , the recorded evidence we hold about where they appear and what form they take is thin . \"", "It came the day after the remains of the boiler house were demolished and the search resumed for three men killed when the building partially came down . However , site owner RWE NPower reassured people the tower was still standing and had been shrouded in fog . It would be demolished in future , a spokeswoman added . tweeted : \" Local reports that Didcot power station stack came down overnight . Might want to check it out . \" tweeted : \" Just been along the perimeter road in Didcot and ca n't see the tall tower - suspect it may have come down . \" tweeted : \" Any ideas if it was planned to bring down the tall chimney at the power station , or is it another accident . \" RWE said Sunday 's demolition of the boiler house had \" gone as planned \" .", "The company said it was looking at the possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea . It said the idea had come from businesses at the island resort who were keen to boost tourism . If confirmed , the cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August . , managing director of Hovertravel , said : \" We 're always open to new ideas which might boost tourism to the Isle of Wight and we provisionally agreed the concept , subject to gaining the appropriate permissions . \" The plan would be for the service to operate four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday from 14 July to 27 August . The Isle of Wight Council welcomed the plan and said it was currently in discussion with Hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of Sandown Beach for the service .", "Between April and October 103 liner visits are scheduled to Guernsey , Alderney , Sark and Herm . In 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits , with 29 being cancelled due to bad weather and itinerary changes . Capt , Guernsey 's harbour master , said : \" It was a very poor year in weather terms and affected virtually every aspect of our activities . \" He said : \" It was n't just the cruise liners , visiting yachts as well were significantly down on previous years , in fact last year was the worst since 1987 . \" Investigations into plans for a cruise liner berth off Guernsey , estimated to cost between \u00c2 \u00a3 60m and \u00c2 \u00a3 80m , are due to form part of the harbour master plan , which is due to be released this year . Currently passengers are ferried between the cruise liners and Guernsey on tenders carried by the ships . said : \" In terms of a destination port in the UK , Guernsey is the most visited , it is the most popular ... the cruise liner operators have made it quite clear to us they are very keen to come here . \"", "said it is also essential that proper transport links are put in place for visitors to reach the site . He was speaking to the BBC 's Inside Business programme about growing Northern Ireland 's tourism industry . Mr Husbands took on the top job at Titanic Belfast a few months before the visitors' centre opened in 2012 . In its first year of operation , more than 800,000 people from 128 countries toured the east Belfast building - double the number it was expected to achieve . Titanic Belfast welcomed its one millionth visitor in July 2013 . Mr has a wealth of experience in event management , spending 15 years in charge of Belfast 's Waterfront Hall . He also managed the Ulster Hall and help to stage a number of major events in the city , including the Tall Ships festival in 2009 . In 2014 , he was awarded an MBE from the Queen for services to economic development and tourism . Mr told Inside Business that , while there is no point creating attractions for the sake of it , parts of Northern Ireland outside Belfast need to be better served in terms of tourism and transport . \" There 's no easy means of transporting people through from one city to another , from one region to another , and we need to encourage that ,\" he said . \" You have to make it easy for the consumer , you have to make it easy for the guests . \" I 'm not sure that we are mature enough as an industry to do that just yet . \" interview will be broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster as part of Inside Business at 13:30 GMT on Sunday 20 November .", ", 42 , failed to return to Southview Low Secure Unit , Hellingly , at 17:00 BST on Wednesday . After a police appeal on Saturday , later went into Bootle Street police station in Manchester , where he is in custody . will return to hospital under a higher level of security . Earlier , in their appeal , Sussex Police had said they believed he had gone to Manchester because he had family links in the city . In November 2010 , admitted the manslaughter of , 51 , on the grounds of diminished responsibility and was detained indefinitely . Sussex Police said the level of security he was originally detained under was approved by the Ministry of Justice . After handed himself in , , chief executive of Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust , said : \" We were concerned for Mr 's welfare and we worked closely with Sussex Police throughout their investigation . \" The NHS trust had said posed a \" low risk \" after he was reported missing . During the court case , , formerly of Chates Farm Court , Brighton , told Lewes Crown Court he believed Mr was controlling his mind and he could only be freed by killing him . The pair were neighbours in a shared house in Elm Grove , Brighton , where they were friends and often socialised together . But 's mental health deteriorated and he began to believe that Mr was a witch who had captured his soul . He stabbed Mr repeatedly in their communal hallway . The judge ordered him to be detained under the Mental Health Act .", "was the first woman to lead the force and led the hunt for murderer in 2010 . Last month Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner launched an investigation into Ms over alleged rudeness to staff . Ms is retiring on 3 June to spend more time with her family to \" make up for the sacrifices \" they made . She joined Merseyside Police in 1985 , progressing through the ranks before moving to Northumbria in 2004 . Ms said the hunt for following the murder of and shooting of one of her officers , PC , was one of the biggest challenges she faced . She said : \" That was the largest manhunt the country has seen for 44 years . I spent my time out and about reassuring the public and responding to their questions . \" I am immensely proud of my officers and staff who went about their roles fully aware of the threats against them , but determined to support the public . \" She has also overseen savings of \u00c2 \u00a3 117m since 2010 and was at the helm as Northumbria Police reopened no crime rape reports following an audit . 's office said the misconduct investigation will continue but admitted if the complaints against her were upheld , Ms 's retirement would mean any sanctions , such as a written warning , would have no impact . Ms said : \" has brought passion and enthusiasm to her role and leaves at a time when Northumbria is one of the highest performing forces in the country . \"", "The 26-year-old German tore cartilage in his knee during the Premier League defeat by Chelsea on 14 December , coming off after 57 minutes . was making only his eighth appearance of the season , and had two months out with a hamstring injury . Sunderland , who visit Manchester United on Boxing Day , are 18th in the Premier League and one point from safety . Black Cats forward is out for the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury .", "The Hannover forward , who will also miss Austria 's game in Serbia on Sunday , has been replaced by Sturm Graz striker is the team 's most-capped player , with 14 goals in 61 matches . is the leading top-scorer for Austrian league leaders Graz , with nine goals in as many games .", "Winners of the cup competition earn a place in the Europa League . Four-time cup winners Forest have failed to progress past the third round for the past 11 seasons and start their campaign at Doncaster on Tuesday . \" It 's very important because it is the only way to go into the Europa League ,\" told BBC Radio Nottingham . \" I know it 's difficult because there are a lot of teams from the Premier League and Championship . It will be a very important game . \" Forest , two-time European Cup winners under in 1979 and 1980 , who also guided the club to its four League Cup titles , last featured in European competition in the 1995-96 season , reaching the Uefa Cup quarter-finals . The Reds , who last won the League Cup in 1990 and featured in the final in 1992 , were knocked out of the competition by League One side Walsall 12 months ago . Their trip to face League Two side Doncaster comes three days after oversaw Forest 's Championship season opening victory against Burton Albion , in what was his first competitive match in English football . Former Rennes boss also confirmed that the injury to goalkeeper , suffered in the 4-3 victory over Burton on Saturday , is not as bad as first feared . \" It will be a few weeks , but not serious ,\" said .", "The Flybe plane , which was carrying 62 passengers from Exeter , landed safely after declaring a full emergency at 13:43 . Edinburgh Airport said nobody was hurt during the incident . A Flybe spokesman said : \" The flight landed safely at Edinburgh Airport following the report of a technical fault with the aircraft . \" He added : \" The pilot followed standard operating procedures and , as is usual in such circumstances , the airport put its emergency vehicles on standby . \" All 62 passengers disembarked as normal when the aircraft arrived on stand . \"", "Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited in September when the poppies were installed , compared with about 37,000 last year . The poppy arch segment , Wave , consists of 5,800 ceramic poppies falling from Cascade Bridge into the Lower Lake . Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket only . Yorkshire Sculpture Park said visitor numbers would be restricted on 8 and 11 November \" to ensure a calm and contemplative experience for all \" . , operations manager , said the 170 % rise in visitor numbers was \" phenomenal \" and Yorkshire Sculpture Park was expecting its biggest ever year , with more than half a million visitors . \" We feel extremely privileged to be able to bring the poppies to Yorkshire ,\" she said . \" It 's safe to say tens of thousands of people are coming as a result of the poppies . \" She said the sculpture had a \" different feel \" from any other sculpture at the park , and many people found seeing the poppies was a \" calm and contemplative experience \" . The installation is part of a nationwide tour of poppies from the artwork Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red , which was unveiled in London in July 2014 . The artwork , created by artist and designer , marked 100 years since the start of World War One and drew more than five million visitors . The Yorkshire Regiment raised 24 Battalions served by 65,000 men , of whom 9,000 died .", "The Military Reaction Force was the subject of a BBC Panorama programme last November . Former members said the unit had shot people who may have been unarmed . The PSNI investigation has found none of the men featured \" admitted any criminal act or being involved in any of the incidents portrayed \" . In a statement , the PSNI said : \" Detectives from Serious Crime Branch have studied the contents of a BBC Panorama programme broadcast last year into the activities of the MRF . \" Although there does not appear to be any admission to criminality by individuals featured in the programme , it will form part of an HET review into all deaths linked to soldiers . \" This review will begin when HET resumes its work in the near future . \" The unit was disbanded in 1973 , after 18 months . The plain-clothes soldiers carried out round-the-clock patrols in Belfast in unmarked cars . Three former members of the unit talked to Panorama . They said they had been tasked with \" hunting down \" IRA members in Belfast . When asked if on occasion the MRF would make an assumption that someone had a weapon , even if they could not see one , one of the former soldiers replied \" occasionally \" . \" We did n't go around town blasting , shooting all over the place like you see on the TV , we were going down there and finding , looking for our targets , finding them and taking them down ,\" he said . \" We may not have seen a weapon , but there more than likely would have been weapons there in a vigilante patrol . \" One of the soldiers said they were \" not there to act like an army unit , we were there to act like a terror group \" . Solicitor represents families who believe their relatives were killed by the MRF . He said police should further investigate the soldiers' claims . \" They very openly and brazenly admitted that they were in a terror gang , that they acted outside the rule of law , that they also acted outside of the yellow card rule ,\" he said . \" They also admitted being involved in fatal incidents in which people may not have been armed . \" I think all of that and that very high-profile Panorama programme pointed in the direction that there should have been further investigation of these matters . \" Unfortunately it appears that the PSNI have not done that , despite the request from the director of public prosecutions . \"", "It follows complaints over gangs of young adults gathering in Llangefni , drinking alcohol and causing criminal damage . The power allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave . The order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday . \" The action we are taking is twofold ,\" explained , from Anglesey 's Safer Neighbourhood policing team . \" Initially we would like to reassure those living in or visiting the town centre that we are taking positive action against youths causing repeat issues of anti-social behaviour in and around the town to ensure that they are not plagued by the behaviour of certain youths . \" Equally importantly is to protect young people from the excesses of alcohol and its potential consequences . \" The dispersal order means any person under 16-years-old can also be taken home , or to a place of safety . Individuals can also be banned from the area for up to 24 hours , or face arrest if they return .", "attacked at her home in Lambeth , south London , in July last year . The Swindon-based WBO European super-middleweight title holder , who was overheard threatening to \" knock out \" , had denied assault . But he was found guilty after a trial at Croydon Magistrates' Court . The victim was awoken in the early hours of the morning by forcing his way into her flat , the court heard . She called 999 before he broke through her bedroom door . The 29-year-old boxer , who appeared in court under his real name , was convicted of assault by beating , violence to secure entry , harassment and criminal damage . , prosecuting , said : \" said she had never been so scared in her life . She thought he was going to kill her . \" He was heard in a recording of a 999 call , which lasted 21 minutes , to say : \" I will knock you spark out . \" At his trial last month , said he had \" barged \" through 's front and bedroom doors because he feared she \" could kill herself \" . He denied putting his hands on her . But magistrates found the victim 's account of the confrontation \" credible and convincing \" . , representing , told the court the boxer regretted the incident . He said : \" is remorseful as to how his actions affected Viktoria and affected the relationship thereafter . \" was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison for the assault and harassment charges , 20 weeks for violence to secure entry and 12 weeks for criminal damage , to run concurrently . He was ordered to pay \u00c2 \u00a3 1,105 in compensation to his victim and court costs , and given a restraining order barring him from contacting her indefinitely . showed no emotion as the sentence was handed down . Speaking outside court , his trainer of 10 years , , said his legal team will appeal against the decision and are \" confident he will clear his name \" . will be suspended from boxing for the duration of his sentence , Mr confirmed .", "State department officials and Mr 's sister were quoted as saying the 45-year-old had been returned from a hospital to the camp on 20 January . Mr , a Korean-American , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced to 15 years' hard labour in May . North Korea says he used his tourism business to form groups to overthrow the government . He was taken to hospital last year after suffering dramatic weight loss . His family say he has several health complaints including diabetes and liver problems . State Department spokeswoman said Washington had learned about Mr 's transfer to the camp from representatives of the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang , which acts on behalf of the US in North Korea . Ms said the Swedish diplomats \" have met Mr 10 times since his detention , most recently on 7 February in a labour camp \" . She added : \" We continue to urge DPRK ( North Korean ) authorities to grant Mr special amnesty and immediate release on humanitarian grounds \" . Ms did not specify when Mr had been forced back to the camp . However , a US state department official and Mr 's sister confirmed the 20 January date . \" He 's back to eight-hours-a-day , six-days-a-week hard labour ,\" , Mr 's sister , was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency . Pyongyang has so far made no official comment on the reports . On Thursday , US President used the annual National Prayer Breakfast in Washington to say : \" We pray for , a Christian missionary who has been left in North Korea for 15 months . \" \" His family wants him home , and the United States will continue to do everything in our power to secure his release because deserves to be free . \" If the details of his transfer are confirmed , it would mean Mr was returned to the camp on the same day as he spoke to foreign media in North Korea under heavy prison guard - his first \" press conference \" since the detention . Mr denied media reports that he had been badly treated and called for US \" co-operation \" to secure his release . Correspondents say he may have been speaking under strict editorial control . North Korea has arrested several US citizens in recent years , including journalists and Christians accused of proselytising . They were released after visits to Pyongyang by high-profile officials , including former presidents and .", "Owner Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool 's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier . St , director at Cuerden Leisure , which also owns Eastbourne Pier , said the company was \" restructuring its assets \" . Blackpool North Pier was bought by a local businessman in 2011 . Collectively , they are on the market for offers of around \u00a3 12.6m , with individual guide prices of \u00a3 4.8m for Blackpool Central , \u00a3 3.3m for Blackpool South and \u00a3 4.5m for Llandudno Pier . Blackpool Central Pier is home to a 33m high ( 108ft ) Ferris wheel , Blackpool South Pier and Llandudno Pier were all built in the 19th Century . Llandudno , which is 695m long ( 2,280ft ) , is the only pier with listed building status meaning any future owners would require Listed Building Consent to make changes to the structure . Known as the \" Queen of Welsh Piers \" , it nestles in the crescent bay between the outcrops of the Little and Great Orme . Blackpool Central Pier , which stands at 341m long ( 1,118ft ) , and Blackpool South Pier , which is 150m ( 492ft ) , do not benefit from listed status , despite opening in 1864 and 1892 respectively . , a director at Bilfinger GVA , which is selling the piers for Cuerden Leisure , said it would be very unlikely that a new owner would make significant changes . He said : \" In our opinion , the value is in the existing use and this is unlikely to change at either of the Blackpool piers . \" A spokesman for the National Piers Society , which promotes the preservation and continued enjoyment of seaside piers in the UK , said : \" These piers are all in good order and trading successfully , and , given that Easter is almost upon us , I have no doubt that they will quickly find a buyer or buyers . \"", "has been in the role since May 2013 and his contract ends in August . Cricket South Africa have said they are \" resolved to begin a recruitment process \" as they look to appoint a head coach \" through to the 2019 World Cup \" . South Africa will play three one-day internationals , three Twenty20 games and four Test matches against England . 's side are currently ranked third in Tests , second in one-day internationals and fourth in T20 cricket . The 42-year-old guided his team to a 3-0 Test series win over Sri Lanka earlier this month and a 2-1 away Test series success in Australia in November . South Africa won the first of five one-day internationals against Sri Lanka on Saturday with a convincing eight-wicket victory at Port Elizabeth . Sri Lanka were bowled out for 181 and South Africa reached 185-2 with 15.4 overs remaining with scoring 57 and making an unbeaten 55 .", ", whose real name was , rose to fame in Channel 4 's Rock School . He was found dead at in Lowestoft on 23 March . His family said the 24-year-old struggled with mental health issues and depression . A private funeral was held earlier this month . The inquest , at St Margaret 's House in Lowestoft , was told the full hearing has been adjourned until 28 July . Suffolk coroner Dr conducted the short hearing , which was told the musician was found by his friend . The emergency services were called to the house in Union Road , before Mr was declared dead an hour later by a paramedic . Dr expressed his \" sympathy \" to the family . Following Mr 's death , fellow musicians and fans paid tribute on social media to the singer , who had his first hit single with Checkin ' It Out . It followed his appearances in the Channel 4 series with Kiss frontman in 2006 , which was set at the town 's Kirkley High School . , a producer who was working with , said : \" As much as we 're all mourning the death of the boy , everybody needs to put as much love and strength as they possibly can do into the family because I do n't know how anyone deals with that . \" In a statement released after 's death , his family said he was a \" huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him \" . \" He was a hugely creative person who used this side of his personality to make others smile , to cheer people up and to make others feel better ,\" they said . \" A real people person , he would always take the time to stop and talk , no matter who or when and we are proud that he was so well thought of by all who knew him . \" Family and friends gathered for his funeral on 8 April in Gorleston , Norfolk , before releasing balloons in his favourite colour of green on Claremont Pier in his hometown of Lowestoft . Samaritans' deputy chief executive has said the charity had been \" saddened \" by his death . \" If anyone has been affected by this news , or is struggling to cope , we would like to let people know that Samaritans is here for them if they need to talk ,\" she said .", ", 55 , from Bingley , died at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road in the town on Tuesday.\u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac West Yorkshire Police said officers had tried to stop the car after seeing the driver \" acting suspiciously \" . Police said the car then \" sped off and collided \" with Dr a short distance away . The matter has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission . A 22-year-old Bradford man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving . He has been released on bail . Dr worked at Leeds Beckett University . Its website describes him as an associate dean for international and collaborative provision in the Faculty of Arts , Environment and Technology . In a statement , his family said : \" excelled as a respected and dedicated academic , with a love for art , poetry and music . For anyone that knew him , cycling was his true passion as he became a recognised competitive rider on the roads . \u00e3 \u20ac\u20ac \" Most importantly he was a loved friend , loyal brother and uncle , loving partner and a truly inspirational father . He will be deeply missed , but he has left his stamp on all who met him . \" He will always be cherished and never forgotten , living on in all our hearts . \"", "Northern Ireland 's world number three is due to tee off with Americans and at 02:45 GMT ( 10:45 local time ) on Thursday . The 26-year-old currently leads the Race to Dubai rankings with just three tournaments remaining . \" I 'm not feeling great . I ate something a couple of nights ago and Tuesday was n't good at all ,\" he said . \" I thought I would be better Wednesday morning , but I had a piece of toast and a couple of bits of melon for breakfast and I came here and tried to hit some balls , but even just making a couple of swings my stomach was too sore . \" I just need another day of rest and hopefully I will be better tomorrow and I can play . \" Four-time major winner is the only two-time winner of the Race to Dubai - the European Tour 's season-long event - having claimed titles in 2012 and 2014 . He currently leads England 's , Irishman and South African .", "The 35-year-old skippered the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016 , but less than 12 months on the county are bottom of the Division One Championship table . , who last played for England in November 2015 , was was recently left out of the Bears' T20 side . \" This is the right time for me to stand down ,\" said . \" As a senior player , I will support the team in all ways possible and I believe that our squad has very exciting times ahead . \" It 's been an absolute honour to lead my home county over the last 18 months and my decision to stand down is something that I have thought long and hard about over a period of weeks . \" is to be replaced by former England batsman as captain of Warwickshire 's Championship side . The county 's sports director said made a \" brave \" decision to focus on batting . \" Having him focused solely on scoring runs for Warwickshire and Birmingham Bears is a huge asset to the club ,\" said . Warwickshire , who won limited-overs silverware in 's first season as captain , are in Division One relegation trouble , having lost five of their nine matches - four of them by an innings . , the most capped international in Warwickshire history , having played 118 Tests , 161 one-day internationals and eight T20 matches , has scored 345 runs from 14 innings , at an average of 24.64 . He has not made a Championship century since April 2016 . In the T20 Blast , he has hit 251 runs in 12 matches at a strike rate of 117.29 , but he was dropped down the order after a run of poor scores at opener . Having not batted at all in the penultimate game , he was left out altogether for the final group game on Friday , which the Bears won against Lancashire at Old Trafford to secure a place in the quarter-finals . New Zealand international captained the side and will be expected to so again for this Friday 's last-eight tie against Surrey at The Oval . , who was part of the Birmingham Bears T20 Blast title-winning side in 2014 , also won the Big Bash in Australia last winter with Perth Scorchers .", "The policewoman , , was in charge of security cameras . She said she had been told to report the presence of national police units , although she had not seen them . More than 80 people died when a lorry struck crowds celebrating Bastille Day on 14 July . So-called Islamic State ( IS ) said it was behind the attack , which was carried out by a Tunisian man , . told the Journal du Dimanche ( in French ) she had been instructed by an interior ministry official to report the presence of national police units on the seaside Promenade des Anglais at the time of the attack . \" The national police were perhaps there , but I could n't see them on the video ,\" Ms said . She told the Journal du Dimanche she had also been \" harassed for an hour \" by Mr on the phone . The interior ministry says there were 64 members of the national police on the seafront - as per arrangements with Nice city hall . But the BBC 's in Paris says Nice city hall believes some of these national police had been replaced by municipal police - who were more lightly armed and less able to intervene to stop the killer . The suspicion - denied vehemently in Paris - is that there has been a cover-up , our correspondent says . Mr said he would sue for defamation over the \" grave accusations \" . The government has faced criticism for not preventing the attack , at a time when France was in a state of emergency following the extremist attacks in Paris in November last year . French ministers were booed when they attended a ceremony in Nice to remember the victims . President said on Friday he had \" full confidence \" in Mr . Last week , local authorities in Nice refused a request by French anti-terror police to destroy CCTV images of the attack . The Paris prosecutor 's office said the request had been made to avoid the \" uncontrolled dissemination \" of images . But officials in Nice responded by filing a legal document , arguing the footage could constitute evidence .", "struggled to fourth behind the Ferraris of title leader and while team-mate took a maiden win . said : \" Big congratulations to . Fantastic job and he deserves the win . He has been fast all weekend . \" For me , just a very , very odd weekend . I am just hopeful in the next races I will be able to pick up the pace . \" win ensured the damage to in the championship was limited as much as possible - now leads by 13 points but it would have been 20 had the German won the race . \" It 's great we are ahead of the Ferraris ,\" the Briton said . \" It has stopped pulling away too far . \" was more than half a second slower than in qualifying and as the made a blistering start from third and took the lead at the first corner , did not make ground from fourth on the grid . The 32-year-old suffered overheating problems as he chased in the first stint of the race and dropped back over the pit-stop period to finish 25 seconds behind the and 36 behind . \" I do n't remember the last time we had that [ overheating ],\" said . \" It meant I was out of the race from the get-go . \" I think I had the pace to fight with but the car was just overheating the whole the time . I 'm sure we will go back to the drawing board and figure it out . \" joined Mercedes over the winter following the retirement of world champion . said his first win felt \" surreal \" , but added : \" It 's a good feeling and I am happy . \" He added : \" I always knew I could get good results if everything goes right and I always trust in my ability . But it 's nice to get confirmation that the results are possible . \" It took quite a while , more than 80 races for me , but it 's definitely worth the wait . This strange opportunity came to me in the winter to join the team and they made it possible , so I want to thank them . \" moves into third place in the championship , 23 points behind and 10 behind . He said : \"[ Winning the title ] has always been the only goal for me in my career but I have not had the chance to prove it . Now I have the chance to prove I can win races and titles . Two weeks ago people were saying I am the number two driver but today it looks very different . \"", ", 33 , says the black spiders are in \" every nook and cranny \" of the outside walls of his house and garage in Llanedeyrn . He said his wife , , and any family members who visit are afraid of venturing into the garden . Tube spiders are one of the UK 's largest , with bodies up 2.2cm ( 0.9in ) , with green iridescence on their jaws . Mr first spotted the colony at his end-of-terrace home a year ago . He said : \" They are nocturnal creatures so I had n't seen them until one night when I was outside having a cigarette because I am not allowed to smoke in the house . \" I saw something move , went in and got a flashlight and saw them all in the cracks of the walls . They were in the eaves , all along the back wall , down the side of the house and under the kitchen window . \" It is a bit of worry for our pets . \" We have two cats and a Chihuahua and it would be terrible if they got bitten by them . Tube web spiders - Segestria florentina He asked a friend for help to exterminate them but within three months the colony had returned . Mr said he has asked Cardiff council for help . Experts say the spiders originated in the Mediterranean and north Africa and made their way to Britain on cargo ships . They believe the spiders are now able survive and spread because of the UK 's increasingly mild climate .", "The profit included a ' write back ' of \u00a3 27m in impairment charges . That means money which had been set aside to cover expected losses can now be released as loans performed better than expected . These are the first performance figures the bank has published since a corporate reorganisation in 2015 . At that time the bank 's parent company , RBS , split Ulster Bank 's Irish operation into separate businesses , north and south of the border . , head of Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland , said the results also showed a 6 % decline in operating costs from \u00a3 154m to \u00a3 145m . \" We still have work to do to manage our costs in order to grow our business in a sustainable way , but we have made significant progress on that front ,\" he said . \" I am pleased that we have impairment write backs of \u00a3 27m , driven by improved residential and commercial property market conditions . \" In March , the bank said it would close nine of its 64 branches from October . Ulster Bank is one of the big four local banks in Northern Ireland , employing about 2,200 staff . In 2016 RBS , which is 72 %- government owned , reported a \u00a3 7bn annual loss .", "The victim 's body was found at Hedderley Walk , near St Ann 's Well Road , in the St Ann 's area just after 16:00 BST on Sunday . Several roads in the area were sealed off and officers carried out extra patrols of the area . The victim was a 43-year-old man but no further details have yet been released . Police have appealed for any witnesses to come forward .", "Nearly 1.85 million requests for support were made last year , but just over 650,000 people received help . Councils have been warning for a number of years that a shortage of funding is causing problems . But the Health and Social Care Information Centre figures shows how difficult it is for people to get help . Only 144,000 of the requests for help resulted in long-term care , which includes places in care homes or help in the home for tasks such as washing and dressing . Nearly 220,000 got short-term help , such as rehabilitation after discharge from hospital , and another 300,000 got low-level support such as walking aids and telecare . The rest either received nothing or were advised to seek help from charities , the NHS or from housing services . Unlike the NHS , social care is not free and most people will pay something towards the cost of their care , with some covering the entire cost . Meanwhile , a separate survey of nearly 70,000 people who did get help revealed their experiences of care . Some 65 % said they were extremely or very satisfied with their care and 26 % were quite satisfied , but one in 10 was not . One in 20 did not feel clean or presentable and the same proportion said they did not always get enough food and drink . , chief executive of the charity Independent Age , said the figures painted an \" alarming picture of services cut back to the bare bones \" . \" This is a direct result of \u00a3 4.6bn cuts to social care budgets since 2010 and comes despite an ageing population which is increasing the need for these services ,\" she added . The figures come after a coalition of health and care groups wrote to the Treasury last month warning that the care sector needed to be protected as the \" deepening crisis \" was putting people in danger . The government said its spending plans would be revealed in November , but pointed out that a \u00a3 5.4bn fund - the Better Care Fund - had been established in April to ensure NHS money was used for services that support council-organised care . But , of the Local Government Association , said : \" We need to see a change to the current perverse funding system which , over the last five years , has seen an increase in funding for the NHS but a decrease in funding for social care . \" This threatens to leave councils struggling to commission the essential support which keeps people out of hospital and living healthier and happier lives in their communities . \"", "told Bolivian media said she had warned that the plane had barely enough fuel to reach the destination in Colombia . is in Brazil where she is seeking asylum . The crash killed 71 people , including most of the Chapecoense football team . The plane was taking the team to Colombia for the final of a regional tournament when it ran out of fuel , plunging into a mountainside near the city of Medellin . In a leaked tape , the pilot , , can be heard warning of a \" total electric failure \" and \" lack of fuel \" . In her letter ( in Spanish ) published in the Bolivian media , Ms , who worked in air traffic control , said she had no authority to stop the doomed flight , saying that was with Bolivia 's civil aviation agency . She said that instead of authorising the flight , she had tried to stop it , accusing unnamed superiors of a cover-up . \" I was subjected to harassment and pressure from my superiors ... who ordered me to change the content of the report which hours earlier [ before the flight ] I had presented ,\" she wrote . \" Based on a careful examination , I had made five observations , one of the most important of which referred to the fuel economy of the flight , which happened to be equal to the flight time . \" Bolivia 's Public Works Minister , , dismissed Ms 's allegations . \" There were no observations made to the flight plan ,'' Associated Press quoted him as saying , with the minister accusing of fabricating the document after the crash to cover-up her own errors . Other Bolivian officials have urged the Brazilian authorities to return her , with one saying Ms was trying to escape justice . The head of the flight 's operator , , has been arrested over the crash . Just six people survived . One of them , crew member , said an initial stop for refuelling in the northern Bolivian city of Cobija had been dropped by the pilot . There was no warning to the crew or the passengers that the plane was facing electrical or fuel problems , Mr told Brazil 's Globo TV .", "The woman , 37-year-old , is alleged to have been killed last May simply for refusing to hand over her phone number to cult members . The murder , filmed on CCTV and on mobile phones , sparked outrage . The Church of the Almighty God cult is banned in China but claims to have millions of members . Following the brutal killing in May , Chinese authorities said that they detained hundreds of members of the cult , reports the BBC 's in Beijing . Interviewed in prison later , one of the defendants , showed no remorse . He said : \" I beat her with all my might and stamped on her too . She was a demon . We had to destroy her . \" The group had entered a small McDonalds branch in Zhaoyuan in Shandong province last May soliciting phone numbers and hoping to recruit members to their cult . Ms was waiting in the restaurant with her seven-year-old son and when she refused to give her number , an act which prompted the beating while they screamed at other diners to keep away or they would face the same fate . The public face of the Church of the Almighty God is a website full of uplifting hymns and homilies . But its core belief is that has returned to earth as a Chinese woman to wreak the apocalypse . The only person who claims direct contact with this god is a former physics teacher , , who founded the cult 25 years ago and has since fled to the United States , says BBC China Editor . No-one knows exactly where he is , but much of the website 's message of outright hostility to the Chinese government is delivered in English as well as Chinese . The cult complains that religious faith has suffered from persecution by the Communist Party . Since the 's murder , public outrage has forced the authorities to increase pressure on the Church of the Almighty God with almost daily arrests and raids .", "About 1,000 people gathered to observe a minute of silence and light candles in front of the Senedd . There are over 2,000 French people living in south Wales registered with the French consulate in London . , the Honorary Consul of France in Cardiff , said messages of support had been touching . She said : \" We are united in shock and united in sorrow ... And united with all the people who have marched across the world . \" , chairman of the Muslim Council of Wales was applauded by the crowd as he told them to \" stand together shoulder to shoulder \" . \" My condemnation is absolute ,\" he said . \" We will eventually win and truth wins over falsehood and light over darkness . \" First Minister was among the many to hold up a candle for the silence , while others held up pencils . The silence was marked at the end by an applause . Earlier , he said : \" The vigil in Cardiff Bay tonight is an opportunity for the people of Wales to pay their respects to those who lost their lives in the truly abhorrent attack in Paris . \" It is also a chance to show solidarity with the people of France and all those who believe in upholding our democratic values and freedoms that are threatened by such senseless acts of terror . \" Welsh Secretary tweeted earlier : \" Standing with the French community in Wales and in support of freedom of speech everywhere . 6pm this eve . Senedd , Cardiff . # CharlieHebdo \" In a show of unity , London landmarks have been lit in the colours of the French national flag . And world leaders have gathered in Paris for a huge unity march involving over one million people , dwarfing Saturday 's marches that saw 700,000 take to the streets . On Saturday , Swansea City striker dedicated his side 's goal in the 1-1 draw with West Ham to the victims of the Paris terror attacks . Wales' police forces and media organisations held a minute 's silence to support those attacked in the massacre in Paris on Wednesday . A police officer was killed on Thursday and French forces stormed two separate hostage sites in and around Paris , killing three hostage takers , on Friday . \" We have been really moved by the hundreds of messages of support and condolences ,\" said . \" Most of all we appreciate the support and solidarity . \"", "The 58-year-old moved from his position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year . Spireites director said the role was now \" redundant \" . , who joined Chesterfield in 2011 , told the club website : \" I am very disappointed to be leaving Chesterfield , but I can understand the situation and I leave on good terms . \"", "The Conservatives want a report into the spending on the 218 \" procurement cards \" used for government spending . A further \u00a3 475,540 was spent in the first three months of 2015 / 16 . A review was conducted in April 2014 , but Welsh ministers said they do not publish the results of internal audits . However , all internal audits are shared with the public spending watchdog , the Wales Audit Office . Welsh Conservative leader said : \" Unfortunately , the minister [ Finance Minister ] is refusing to publish that report , which leaves a number of questions unanswered : is the taxpayer getting value for money ? \" The Tories say they would encourage public bodies to publish all spending of more than \u00a3 500 . A Welsh government spokesman said : \" During the audit process for the Welsh government annual accounts , the Wales Audit Office has the opportunity to review all of the Welsh government 's financial transactions . \" If Mr is suggesting that civil servants are improperly using procurement cards then he should raise his concerns with the permanent secretary . \"", "The \u00a3 40m Pentland Studios project would offer studio space and production facilities in the Straiton area of the city . Creative Scotland has ringfenced \u00a3 1m towards the cost of a Scottish studio , while the Scottish government has pledged a further \u00a3 2m loan . Several organisations are interested in turning other sites into studios .", "The city council has proposed that owners face harsher fines for dog fouling and is asking the public to take part in a consultation . Dogs could be banned from play areas in parks and owners set limits on the number of dogs they take for walks in public . Authorised officers would also have the power to request dogs be put on a lead . Councillor , board member for the Cleaner Greener Oxford campaign , said : \" There is nothing more annoying than getting dog mess on your shoe or in the wheels of the pushchair . \" Oxford City Council wants to get tough with irresponsible dog owners . \" The consultation runs until 31 January and a report is presented to the city 's executive board in March . If approved , the new dog control orders would come into effect on 1 April .", "Officials from Staffordshire County Council and the university said the historic building , in the town centre , would become an information centre for prospective students . A number of courses will also be taught there . The courtroom and an art gallery housed in the Grade II-listed building will remain open to the public . Campaigners drew up a petition after the council announced it was considering closing the exhibition space to save money .", "A rare magnitude-four earthquake hit Greenland 's west coast on Sunday , producing a surge of water that swept away homes and led to reports of a number of people missing . Joint Arctic Command , the group tasked with the search and rescue mission , has since published images of the aftermath of the disaster and told the BBC that it continues to monitor the situation , warning that further incidents could take place . Homes were submerged and washed away after a tsunami hit the village of Nuugaatsiaq , north-western Greenland . Rescuers used liferafts to sweep the area after four people were reported missing . A number of injuries were also reported after 39 people were evacuated from Nuugaatsiaq . The surge of water is believed to have swept away 11 homes in the small village . The authorities said the tsunami was caused by a magnitude-four earthquake , which is rare for the area . Police chief \u00b8 rn said he was unable to confirm whether there had been fatalities . Meteorologists said it was \" not normal \" for such an earthquake to hit Greenland and warned of aftershocks .", "It happened at about 12:30 BST . The victim died at the scene . Another man is in a critical condition . The road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours while a thorough investigation into the crash is carried out .", "Mrs will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president after his inauguration . A post-Brexit free trade deal is thought likely to be high on her agenda as she travels to the US for talks . Confirmation of the meeting came as hundreds of thousands of people around the world joined women 's marches to protest Mr 's presidency . Mr 's press secretary gave details of Mrs 's visit in his first briefing to journalists at the White House on Saturday . Earlier , while visiting the CIA 's headquarters , President said the PM \" is coming over to our country very shortly \" . Nato , the European Union , defence and Russia are all likely to be discussed in the meeting . The BBC 's political correspondent said the \" symbolism will be very important \" and with Brexit negotiations about to get under way , the fact Mrs will be meeting the new president so soon will be \" politically significant \" . Our correspondent said there had been a lot of effort to make sure Mrs was one of the first leaders President would meet . In December the PM 's joint chiefs of staff , and , travelled to the US to build links with the incoming president 's team ahead of his inauguration on 20 January . congratulates on taking office In a statement issued after the inauguration , Mrs said : \" From our conversations to date , I know we are both committed to advancing the special relationship between our two countries and working together for the prosperity and security of people on both sides of the Atlantic . \" I look forward to discussing these issues and more when we meet in Washington . \" Mrs has promised to hold \" very frank \" discussions with Mr . She told the Financial Times she believed the new president recognised the importance and significance of Nato and the \" importance of the co-operation we have in Europe to ensure our collective defence and collective security \" . On the day after his inauguration , at least 500,000 people gathered for a rally outside the US Capitol building in Washington while organisers said an estimated 100,000 descended on central London on Saturday as similar events were staged in major cities across the US and around the world .", "A monthly travelcard costs \u00a3 135 ($ 174 ) , according to a Deutsche Bank report - \u00a3 33 ($ 43 ) more than Dublin , which was ranked second priciest city . Auckland , where a ticket costs \u00a3 95 ($ 123 ) , came third , while New York City , at \u00a3 91 ($ 118 ) , came fourth , and Tokyo fifth at \u00a3 86 ($ 111 ) . Transport for London ( TfL ) said the findings did \" not show the true cost of transport in other countries \" . The survey also found the cost of travel in the capital dropped since 2014 , when commuters paid \u00a3 165 ($ 213 ) . Source : Deutsche Bank Its authors ranked London tenth most expensive for petrol , and the third for car hire . Hong Kong had the priciest petrol , while Amsterdam was the most expensive for a daily car rental , the report said . London 's taxis fared slightly better , ranked 20th in a list of 47 cities , with Zurich topping the list for the most expensive fares . For quality of life , London was ranked 33rd in the world , similar to other \" mega cities \" such as Tokyo , Paris and New York . According to the report , these cities \" rank very low \" for quality of life , mostly due to \" high living costs , crime , pollution and commuting time \" . \" This is highly subjective and one person 's long commute may be another person 's chance to catch up on Netflix ,\" the report said . \" Megacity dwellers may also forsake short-term quality of life for aspirational reasons ,\" the report added . Wellington , in New Zealand , was ranked as the best city to live in in terms of quality of life , followed by Edinburgh , Vienna . Melbourne and Zurich . In February , TfL revealed its fares income was down \u00a3 90m last year . TfL is currently planning to cut \u00a3 16bn from its budget by 2020 / 21 as it aims to become self sufficient with its operating costs . The Mayor of London , , has frozen fares on buses and trams until 2020 , but travelcard prices are set by train operating companies and so are not under full TfL control . A TfL spokesman said : \" London also has one of the most extensive set of travel concessions in the world with free or discounted travel for children , the over-60s , students and veterans . \"", "The Gills , who finished 20th in League One last season , have signed eight players so far this summer . But having started the season with a 0-0 draw to Doncaster and a 2-0 loss to Reading , wants more recruits . \" They 've got to be the right players , the right characters and more importantly they 've got to be good players ,\" , 46 , said . \" Everybody is pulling together in the right direction - it 's a good changing room and if we can add two or three more I 'll be very happy . \" Although the club are still on the lookout for new additions , is pleased with those who have already arrived . Gillingham have brought in defenders , , and , strikers , and and midfielder . \" Overall , I 'm happy with every single one of them - all of the new lads who have come in have contributed to what we 've done , they 've been absolutely first-class ,\" told BBC Radio Kent . \" I think it 's pushed the others on who were here last year as well . The whole club at the moment is in a good place . \"", "It will add more than 100 titles to Steam 's online store and streaming service , including The Hunger Games , Twilight , and Saw franchises . The full range is available to US users initially , with European customers having access to a small selection . Lionsgate said availability would increase during a global rollout . Steam , which is owned by game developer Valve , is the most popular digital games retailer , with more than 125 million users . The platform sells games through direct download , with extra gaming features like a friends' list and voice communication , built into the client . It 's not the first time Steam has released video through its store . Game trailers and advertisements have been available for years , and it previously released gaming-related documentaries Free to Play and Indie Game : The Movie . It also struck a deal to sell the Mad Max film franchise to coincide with the release of the video game of the same name last year . The deal with Lionsgate , however , is the first large-scale agreement with a major production company . A spokesperson for Valve said Lionsgate 's blockbuster franchises represent the type of entertainment it hopes will drive the continued expansion of their content catalogue . On launch , the worldwide selection is limited to 11 older titles , priced between \u00c2 \u00a3 3.49 - \u00c2 \u00a3 5.59 for a 48-hour rental - in line with other online rental prices for new releases . Unlike some of its competitors , however , Steam operates on almost any computer platform - including Linux and Mac - but does not yet offer its streaming service to mobile apps . \" Valve has a track record of diversifying beyond games with its Steam platform by selling other forms of software and as a company is willing to test out various technologies and commercial models to see what works ,\" said , head of games research at IHS Technology . \" Steam also offers a global distribution platform with users in all major markets and , for now , very little video content competition . It also aligns with Valve 's move into virtual reality with Steam VR , where platforms are taking advantage of 2D video content which is being consumed through VR headsets . \" I think this is a smart move from Lionsgate and could deliver a decent incremental revenue stream from its catalogue . \"", "Among those detained is his brother-in-law and one of the two pilots who flew to his home state . Mexico 's attorney general said a member of 's legal team , described as the mastermind , was also arrested . , head of the Sinaloa cartel , escaped from a high-security prison through a specially dug tunnel . Attorney General told reporters on Wednesday that the suspected mastermind of the escape had repeatedly entered Altiplano prison to visit and update him on the operation 's progress . She also said 's brother-in-law had supervised the construction of the mile-long escape tunnel and organised transport . \" Today we are able to affirm that the group responsible for planning , organising and carrying out the escape from outside the prison has been broken up ,\" Ms said , without naming the suspects . The development comes days after officials revealed the drugs lord had suffered face and leg injuries when he narrowly evaded a police operation to recapture him in north-west Mexico earlier this month . Ms confirmed on Wednesday that after his escape , travelled by land to the city of Queretaro , from where he caught a small plane to his home state of Sinaloa . His escape was an embarrassment for Mexican President , who taunted on Twitter after the event . Several prison officials have already been arrested under suspicion of giving inside help to , who fled through a tunnel that ran 1.5km from under a shower in his cell to outside the prison . was first arrested in Guatemala in 1993 and spent nearly a decade in another maximum-security Mexican jail before escaping , reportedly in a laundry basket . He was on the run for 13 years before being held again in 2014 after a series of high-profile arrests of associates and covert surveillance by the US authorities .", "Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries . It will also have community facilities which will be available to the public . Highland Council said its contractor Hub North Scotland ( Wick ) Ltd had informed it of delays affecting the completion of the site . The local authority said : \" Regrettably it seems unlikely that the campus will be ready to open in October , as envisaged . \" Highland Council intends the best facilities possible for children and staff , and will not accept these buildings until work is completed . \" The council is working with the contractor to determine what the earliest possible date is for completion of the whole Wick Joint Campus project , and will make further announcements as soon as possible . \"", "Ministers want all pupils in England to study maths , English , science , one of history or geography and a modern language at GCSE . But some young people \" will find it a problem \" Sir , told the Times Educational Supplement ( TES ) . Sir said vocational subjects would suit some pupils better . In particular he questioned whether the academic subjects included in the government 's Ebacc would be the best thing for pupils who wanted to take apprenticeships when they left school . \" I can think of youngsters , even at the highest-performing schools , who will find it a problem and who would have been better suited to do English , maths and science and a range of vocational subjects ,\" he told the magazine . In June , the Education Secretary confirmed she wants all pupils to have to study the five traditional subjects included in the Ebacc school performance measure . According to Mrs the move would ensure all pupils received a rigorous academic education and avoid pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds being put off academic subjects . In addition , the Conservative manifesto pledges that schools which do not have 100 % of pupils studying this set of subjects at GCSE should not be able to obtain Ofsted 's top rating of \" outstanding \" . Both policies will be subject to a government consultation later in the autumn . Sir told the TES he agreed more young people should be studying these subjects - but said the combination was not suitable for everyone . The Association of School and College Leaders , which represents secondary heads , welcomed Sir 's challenge to government policy . General Secretary said the union shared his concerns . He said a recent survey by the union found almost 90 % of school leaders disagreed with making these subjects compulsory for all pupils . \" It is unfair on young people to take a one-size-fits-all approach to their education . \" We are concerned that creative , technology and vocational subjects will be squeezed out of the curriculum . \" Mr said the union would urge ministers to make the choice of GCSE subjects more flexible . The Department for Education said an additional league table measure , Progress 8 , allows pupils to study a wider range of subjects . \" As part of Progress 8 , pupils will be able to study up to three of our new gold-standard Tech Awards which will provide a real foundation for progression on to vocational courses including apprenticeships ,\" said a spokesman .", "The base will be home to HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales , the largest ships ever built for the navy . Work on Portsmouth 's jetty , built in the 1920s and last upgraded in the 1970s , has begun , with upgrades expected to be completed next autumn . It forms part of a \u00c2 \u00a3 100m infrastructure package to prepare the base for the arrival of the first carrier . HMS Queen Elizabeth measures 280m ( 300 yards ) long and can travel up to 500 miles ( 800km ) a day . The ship 's systems are being tested and it will conduct sea trials next year before being handed over to the Royal Navy . It is expected to come into service in 2020 . HMS Prince of Wales is being constructed at shipyards around the UK before it is assembled at Rosyth . Once completed , the revamped naval base is expected to create hundreds of jobs in Portsmouth . In November 2013 , BAE Systems announced it was ending shipbuilding in Portsmouth , leading to 585 voluntary redundancies , 160 compulsory redundancies , and the redeployment of 175 members of staff .", ", 37 , was last seen by his friends and family two weeks ago . , from Gorgie in Edinburgh , was seen on CCTV at Haymarket Station on Sunday at 10:16 . He then travelled by train to Manchester . He was then spotted by a former colleague near Buckingham Palace in London on Tuesday at 13:30 . Mr is white and of medium build . He is about 6ft 2in with short , dark , receding hair . He was last seen wearing a blue top along with a black hooded top , blue jeans and white trainers . He was also carrying a dark rucksack . Police Scotland has been working with Greater Manchester Police and the Metropolitan Police Service . Insp , of Police Station , said : \" We are continuing our search for , which has now moved to London . \" Anyone who knows 's whereabouts in either Edinburgh , Manchester or London , or recognises his description , is asked to contact police immediately . \"", "The angel shark , once widespread across Europe , is now listed as critically endangered , with waters around the Canary Islands the only place they are frequently seen . But there have been increasing sightings off the Welsh coast . Fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of the shark . They are also being given advice by Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) scientists on how to safely handle and release them . Angel sharks can grow up to about 2.5m ( 8ft ) in length . They are also known as monk or monkfish by fishermen in the region . They are not threatening to humans , living mainly on sand or mud at the bottom of the sea and preying on small fish and molluscs . , marine biodiversity ecologist at NRW , said : \" We know very little about the ecology of the shark in Welsh waters at the moment - the population could be present all year round , or only for part of the year . \" The fact that commercial fishermen and anglers along the coast of Wales are helping us with this research is really important . \" We hope that the data we gather will help us build a much better picture of the situation and help our work to conserve these amazing creatures . \"", "29 July 2016 Last updated at 08:38 BST It 's now reached the Pacific Ocean and video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs . Officials there say that the lava is n't putting any towns in danger but have warned tourists to keep their distance .", "obtained the injunction to stop RT\u00c9 from reporting details of his personal finances and relationship with former Anglo Irish Bank . Last week , a judge granted permission for the media to report details about Mr finances made under privilege in the D\u00e1il ( parliament ) . RT\u00c9 lawyers said as a result there was no need for the injunction to remain . The media mogul 's fortune is estimated to be around \u00a3 5bn . Following the granting of the injunction , the purchase of one of Mr O'Brien's companies was discussed in the D\u00e1il . The comments were made by TD under privilege . She said Mr owed the former Anglo Irish Bank , now the nationalised Irish Bank Resolution Corporation ( IBRC ) , upwards of 500m euro (\u00a3 362m ) . , an independent left-wing TD , said Mr was attempting to pay loans back at an interest rate of just over 1 % , when it was arguable that the correct rate should be over 7 % . In response to her comments , lawyers for RT\u00c9 and the Irish Times returned to the high court to seek clarity over whether her remarks could be reported in light of the injunction . A judge told the media organisations that he never intended nor could he order any interference with what a TD may say under privilege in the D\u00e1il . The application by RT\u00c9 to have the injunction discharged relates to a planned broadcast regarding certain information regarding Mr relationship with IBRC . Lawyers for Mr said they accepted that following comments made by the Sinn F\u00e9in TD in the D\u00e1il on Tuesday evening , there was nothing in the proposed RT\u00c9 script that had been injuncted that warranted further restraint . The lawyer added that as far as he was concerned , the script in its entirety could be published , as a result of events that had happened outside the courtroom . On Tuesday , Mr gave details of what he said were documents related to Mr O'Brien's IBRC loans during a debate in the D\u00e1il . The Sinn F\u00e9in finance spokesman said he had documents which led to questions about the way IBRC was run in the public interest .", "A team statement said , 28 , had been contacted by cycling 's governing body and an anti-doping agency about data between August 2011 and June 2015 . The Colombian said he was \" beyond disappointed \" , having missed three months in 2014 over similar concerns . \" I know who I am , how hard I have worked and the sacrifices I have made to be where I am today ,\" he added . was voluntarily withdrawn by Team Sky in 2014 while they carried out research into the biological characteristics of riders who live and train at high altitude . They said the results revealed nothing to raise suspicions of wrongdoing . Team Sky stressed had not failed a doping test and had been withdrawn because of the \" very obvious distraction to him \" . \" We continue to support and remain confident in the independent scientific research which was undertaken ,\" the team added . \" It is our hope that this can be looked at and resolved quickly by all the relevant authorities so can start racing again soon . \" A specialist climber , signed with Team Sky in 2012 and finished in the top 10 in his first Grand Tour , the 2012 Giro d'Italia .", ", 33 , was abducted in 2012 as he entered Syria . US officials told the Washington Post that the Syrian government never acknowledged detaining Mr , but they believe the government or an affiliated group was holding him . The State Department said Mr was turned over to Russian authorities . The Russia government has been backing the government of President amid a civil war , which is now in its sixth year . The Czech government , which represents US diplomatic interests in Syria , helped secure his release . State Department spokesman said the US is working with the Czech officials to free and other missing or detained Americans in Syria . Mr , a journalist , disappeared in August 2012 while working in Syria . He appeared blindfolded in a video a month after his abduction but has not been heard from since .", "was heckled as he arrived at court where he denied six counts of first-degree murder . Video released earlier this year showing the shooting of sparked an outcry and the resignation of the chief of police . A federal investigation into the city 's police is under way amid a national debate about the police use of force . The inquiry will explore whether race plays a part in the police use of force and whether officers are properly held accountable . , who was 17 at the time , was armed with a knife when he was stopped by police . But the dashcam footage showed him moving away from police when Mr opened fire . Step-by-step guide to what happened How a whistleblower brought down the police chief Days of protests followed the release of the video , which President said was \" disturbing \" . There were calls for Chicago Mayor to resign and Police Superintendent quit his job . On Saturday , Mr said the city \" deserved answers \" after a police officer accidentally shot and killed a 55-year-old woman when responding to a domestic disturbance . According to the Washington Post , was also known as a community activist who spoke out on issues such as police brutality .", "BBC Wales Sport understands the made an enquiry for , before Edinburgh changed his mind over a player he brought to . Edinburgh opted to end the pursuit out of respect for his old club , who he managed from 2011-2015 , so as not to weaken their battle against relegation . They are currently 20th in League Two , seven points above the relegation zone . Meanwhile , Newport have confirmed the release of defender . The 34-year old joined from Cheltenham in the summer but made just five appearances for the south Wales club . \" Further to recent discussions , we can confirm that will leave the Club with immediate effect having mutually agreed to terminate his contract ,\" a statement from the club read . is understood to be a target for Torquay United .", "This baby can survive a 1400 revolutions per minute spin in the washing machine . You could say it makes for easy laundering . The Bank of England says it is cleaner and more secure than the cotton paper notes which have been used for the past 100 years . But we 're a conservative lot in Northern Ireland : Perhaps we like our lucre filthy . For people in Northern Ireland , plastic fivers are nothing new . To celebrate the Millennium , the old Northern Bank ( now Danske ) introduced the slippery clean fiver to local pockets in 2000 . Two million of the notes were issued in October 1999 . It did not fold quite the same into the back trouser pocket . But then again , neither did it attract the dirt from fingers fumbling in a greasy till or handbag to quite the same degree . That was more than 16 years ago , and the trusty paper notes are still going strong . If you get a polymer note these days in Belfast , look up and you might see a pig soar past city hall . In 2005 , the Northern Bank reprinted all of its bank notes shortly after \u00a3 26.5m was stolen from its head office by the IRA . The plastic fiver was the only type of note not replaced . from Danske Bank said that when the plastic fiver was introduced , it meant Northern Bank was \" away ahead of its time . \" \" We wanted to be innovative and be first on the market . Over time that was eroded a little , because other banks did not follow . At the time it was quite popular ,\" he said . \" It did create a real buzz . People found it unusual . They compared it to monopoly money . \" Down the backs of which sofas do the lost plastic fivers reside ? Who knows ? But on a well-known internet auction site one seller is asking for \u00a3 125 for the plastic note . The governor of the Bank of England , , said the new note would be cleaner , safer and stronger . \" The use of polymer means it can better withstand being repeatedly folded into wallets or scrunched up inside pockets , and can also survive a spin in the washing machine ,\" he said . While the notes are not indestructible , they are expected to last an average of five years compared to the current fiver 's two years . New security features - such as a transparent window - will make the note harder to counterfeit .", "\" I would n't say I 'm tough ... just lucky \" , said who disappeared last month while hunting a feral camel in Western Australia . Police trackers found him sitting under a tree on 12 October , around 15km ( 9 miles ) from where he went missing . A diabetic who recently had a heart attack , he said he had given up hope . \" I 've heard of people dying after three days with no water , I do n't know why I survived six days ,\" he told 7News . \" There was a piece of me that wanted to lie there and pass away . I was thinking of my family who would see me laying there . \" Wearing only a T-shirt , shorts , a cap and flip-flops , Mr became disorientated in the fierce heat of the desert after chasing the camel . He said he poked a stick into an ants nest and ate the insects for nutrition , a tactic he said he learnt from British survival expert . \" They tasted quite good . On the first day I had about 12 and on the second day about 18 . If they want to call me ant man I do n't care ,\" he said . The retired miner said he spotted police search helicopters several times , mustered all his energy to wave his hat at the sky , but rescuers could not see him . In the end , a local Aboriginal man provided police with the vital clue - Mr 's slipper print . After coming so close to death , he says that he has a new lease on life . But asked whether he would return to the site of his ordeal he replied : \" I might go back and look for me gun \" .", "Media playback is not supported on this device scored twice in the space of 138 seconds as second-placed Spurs disappointed at Anfield . \" If you start a game like we start then it is very difficult ,\" said . \" It is difficult to fight for the Premier League if you show that lack of desire to play for a win . \" Chelsea can extend their lead at the top if they beat Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday , and added : \" If Chelsea go 12 points clear , it is a big problem . \" Spurs have won just twice on the road since 24 September , including defeats at Chelsea and Manchester United in addition to draws at fellow top-six rivals Arsenal and Manchester City . In their past 17 meetings with the other top-six sides away from home , 's team have won just once . \" In the first 45 minutes you saw a team that is not ready to fight for the Premier League ,\" the Argentine told BT Sport . \" We are in a position that is up to us . But if you show like today that you cannot cope with the pressure then it is difficult to challenge and fight for the Premier League . \" Former Liverpool and Spurs midfielder on Match of the Day \" I could n't believe what I was watching , they had the best defensive record last season and the joint best this year , but they were all over the place . Against the big sides they have played with a back three but they had a back four today , but I think they should have stuck with what they have done against the big sides - play with a three . \" It was so unlike Spurs , they do so well at home , but the contrast is amazing . There 's a lack of pace , and a different mindset when they go away from home . They have to improve and quickly . \"", "Swiss , 24 , is believed to have been with a friend who had visited him in London and was returning home . The man is understood to have arrived late for his flight back to Germany and was not allowed to board . It is at this point that the racial abuse is alleged to have occurred . Arsenal have declined to comment other than to say it is a private matter that is now in the hands of the police . A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police told the BBC : \" Police were called at 19:29 GMT on Monday , 23 January following an allegation that a member of staff had been racially abused at Heathrow Airport , Terminal Five . \" The allegation was made by a third party . Officers attended and spoke with a man in his 20s . He was not arrested . He voluntarily attended a west London police station where he was interviewed under caution . Enquires continue . \" The incident occurred just over 24 hours after was sent off during his team 's 2-1 victory over Burnley in the Premier League .", "reportedly retreated to his home town Gudauta , 40km ( 25 miles ) away , when talks with the opposition broke down . Many people in the Russian-backed region are unhappy with the ailing economy and lack of reforms . But Abkhazian nationalist feeling is also fuelling the unrest . By Michael CecireForeign Policy Research Institute The 2014 Sochi Olympics were billed as a way of boosting the economy by bringing tourism to Abkhazia or sourcing materials for construction , but the most noticeable effect was actually a source of frustration : the expanded security cordon that penetrated beyond the Russia-Abkhazia border . Some economic problems can certainly be attributed to the de facto government , but it is Russia that has the real power to improve conditions . For example , the Moscow-financed building boom in Chechnya has improved material conditions ( even if human rights remain a deep problem ) , but nothing comparable has happened in Abkhazia . However , the opposition 's chief point of contention is 's more liberal ( relatively speaking ) policy towards ethnic Georgians in Abkhazia . He has advocated more fully integrating them , granting them Abkhazian \" citizenship \" . The opposition has painted this as a purely political ploy to expand his electoral base and say it could endanger Abkhazia 's ethnic Abkhazian identity . Analysis : Unrest in Abkhazia The protesters are led by , a former prime minister and vice-president of Abkhazia , who was defeated by Mr in elections in August 2011 . The Black Sea coastal region is recognised as a state only by Russia and a few other countries . It broke away from Georgia after a civil war more than 20 years ago and declared formal independence in 2008 . Since then , it has relied militarily and financially on Russia . Russia is reportedly sending two senior officials , presidential aide and deputy security council secretary , to Sukhumi in response to the crisis . Opinion among the opposition is said to be divided between those who want Abkhazia to rely less on Russia and those who instead want it to become part of Russia . Mr accused the opposition of attempting a coup on Tuesday and said the security forces remained \" loyal to the state \" and were \" taking measures to stabilise the situation \" . defended the protests , saying : \" Over all the years of his rule the president did not allow anybody in his circle to do their work . \" He took upon himself everybody 's responsibilities on their behalf , whether he should or should not have been doing this . That led to our country in fact becoming an authoritarian regime . In a statement , the Russian foreign ministry said : \" The Russian side is following events closely and with concern ... and considers it important that socio-political processes develop exclusively along legal lines . \"", "was travelling by rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her baby daughter . She tweeted to the ministry and asked for help , and milk was provided at the next station . The ministry is known for being proactive on Twitter , and has helped many distressed passengers in the past . The baby born in a bank queue in India 's cash crisis Mother names baby born in taxi ' Uber ' Ms 's Twitter communication with Konkan Railway , a division of Indian Railways , happened on 12 March , but the story came to light after the ministry tweeted about it on Thursday . She was travelling in the Happa Express in the western state of Maharashtra when she used social media to seek help for the family . Here is how her Twitter exchange with rail staff unfolded : Ms was not the only who thanked the officials - others praised the ministry too for being proactive .", "The video for You 're In Love With A Psycho sees band members dancing around a mental institution with presenter and Taboo actor . Mental health campaigners Time to said the video played into a \" sad and tired \" stereotype . The BBC has contacted for a response . The video sees the celebrity stars and Kasabian band members wearing flesh-coloured hospital gowns and taking medication before gathering their fellow residents for an aerobics-inspired dance routine . Time to Change , a movement trying to change public attitude towards people with mental health problems , said the video - combined with the use of the word psycho - was \" unhelpful \" . Singer has previously talked about his own mental health . In an interview with Q magazine , he discussed the impact of a friend 's death and how he made himself ill . Director of Time to Change , , said : \" As so many musicians have recently talked openly about their experiences of mental health problems it is disappointing to see this video . \" The use of the word ' psycho ' in a song and accompanying music video featuring people pretending to be psychiatric inpatients is unhelpful , damaging and disappointing when society is moving on from this sad and tired stereotype . \" She said while the harm may have been \" unintentional , or misjudged irony \" , the video will \" only serve to fuel stigma \" . Ms added : \" If fans think it is OK to call people with mental health problems who have been psychiatric inpatients ' psychos ' , then we are turning back the tide of progress on public attitudes that are more respectful and less judgemental of people living with mental health problems . \" We are keen to work with the band and the music industry to help shift outdated stereotypes and stigma . \" You 're In Love With A Psycho is the first single from 's forthcoming sixth album , For Crying Out Loud .", "Nearly 25,000 signatures - 10 % of Cardiff 's voters - are needed to force a vote on the issue . But Labour councillor told BBC Wales only about 8,000 have been collected . Cardiff council 's Labour group said it was \" willing to take the lead from public opinion on this issue \" . The Mayor for Cardiff campaign was launched earlier this year with a budget of more than \u00c2 \u00a3 20,000 . , from the campaign , said at the time that an elected mayor was a \" new , fresh idea \" that could \" energise the people of Cardiff \" . There are currently 17 directly-elected mayors in England with more on the way , but there are none in Wales . Mr , a councillor for Cardiff 's Grangetown ward , said the debate has \" moved on \" and a regional mayor was now needed . \" We 're not going to hit the target , especially because the council refused to allow online petitions ,\" he said . \" We feel we 've moved the debate on and the focus now needs to switch to a regional mayor for south east Wales . We have to go bigger . \" Mr claimed the Cardiff Capital Region City Deal - a funding package agreed between UK , Welsh and local government worth \u00c2 \u00a3 1.2bn over 20 years - was beginning to stall \" because of governance \" . \" The region has to work together on infrastructure and transport ,\" he said . \" A regional mayor is needed . \" He added there are \" sympathetic ears throughout the region and across political parties \" . Ceredigion is the only Welsh local authority to have had a referendum on the matter . Voters there rejected the idea in 2004 by a margin of nearly three to one . A spokeswoman for Cardiff council 's Labour group said : \" Cardiff Labour are willing to take the lead from public opinion on this issue , and as we have seen there is very little interest in introducing a further level of bureaucracy . \" The City Deal is definitely not stalling and is moving forward , despite uncertainty caused by Brexit . \" It will be a huge boost for Cardiff and the region , and suggestions to the contrary are just mischief making . \" A Wales Office spokesman said : \" The Cardiff City Deal is the biggest of its kind in the UK and we are confident this ambitious project is on target . \" The Welsh Government declined to comment in response to Mr 's comments .", "Gosport 's HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse are among 91 Ministry of Defence sites now set to close - 35 were previously earmarked . The town 's borough council said the loss of more than 1,000 sailors from the area would affect the economy . Defence Secretary Sir announced the closures on Monday . He the closures would deliver better value for money and release enough land across the UK to build 55,000 homes . It is also estimated that about \u00c2 \u00a3 140m will be saved over the next decade by selling off the sites , which Sir said would be reinvested in creating \" areas of military expertise \" in locations across the country , including a specialised infantry group in Aldershot . Leader of Gosport Borough Council , , said : \" We are relieved the majority of jobs will remain in the area , but we 'll lose the economic benefits of having more than 1,000 sailors based in the town . \" He admitted the authority could not stop the sale of the land , but said it would work to get the \" best possible outcomes \" for the town . He said it would be \" seeking assurances \" from the MoD that the sites could be redeveloped for business use . \" We need to reduce the impact on the area by using these sites to create business spaces that will bring with them opportunities and jobs to benefit local people ,\" he said . Unions have described the plans - which are part of a review of Ministry of Defence land - as \" brutal \" and have also promised to fight the closures .", "HM Revenue & Customs said the plant , on the outskirts of the city centre , could have cost taxpayers nearly \u00c2 \u00a3 138m a year in lost duty and taxes . Four lorry loads of tobacco , cigarettes and packing materials have been seized . Ten men , aged between 26 and 40 from Brazil and Paraguay , were detained on suspicion of immigration offences . Read more news for Birmingham and the Black Country Customs officials said the building was kitted out with machinery able to produce and package cigarettes on an industrial scale . The raid took place over several days last week but details have only just been released . A number of men were detained by immigration enforcement officers . A nearby residence was also searched . , HMRC 's Fraud Investigation Service assistant director , said : \" Tobacco fraud costs the UK \u00c2 \u00a3 2.4 billion a year in lost tax , money that should be funding vital public services in the UK . \" , Birmingham City Council 's head of trading standards , said the investigation into the cigarettes recovered was continuing .", "A report said the force was inadequate at protecting vulnerable victims . Surrey Police boss said the force was good at preventing crime but this potentially came at the expense of investigations . Inspector said Surrey showed a \" commendably strong commitment to keeping people safe from harm \" . She said the force had strong , mature neighbourhood police teams who worked well with councils , and neighbourhood officers had more training than in other forces . But she said : \" The way the force investigates more complex crime requiring specialist investigations is still not good enough . \" Many investigations that we reviewed were not of an acceptable standard and there were long delays in examining computers and mobile phones for evidence . \" She said the force needed to improve its understanding of the threat posed by organised crime , improve its process for mapping those groups , and fully mobilise its neighbourhood teams in the fight against organised crime . Mr , temporary chief constable , said the force was already tackling concerns by increasing resources to protect the vulnerable , and providing more training , better process and use of systems , and a culture change in how the force operated . He said : \" None of these things can provide an instant fix but together they are starting to deliver positive results . \" A separate report by HM Inspectorate of Constabulary ( HMIC ) in December last year found Surrey Police 's approach to protecting vulnerable people to be inadequate . Surrey police and crime commissioner said changes were already in place , including a change in chief constable . This month it emerged that Mr had considered seeking dismissal as Surrey Police chief . She resigned last autumn to move to her new role as director general of the National Crime Agency Mr said : \" When we look at where the buck stops , it stays with the team manager . \" But he said the force was already turning around , with reductions in robbery and burglary , improvements in violent crime and rape investigations , praise for the force 's action on anti-social behaviour . The BBC has approached Ms for a comment . In a previous response , she said blame apportioned to her was \" ill-considered and inaccurate \" . \" I was selected to my current role by the Home Secretary after a lengthy and thorough process and am now focused on leading the National Crime Agency in its fight to cut serious and organised crime ,\" she said .", "The corporation had charged users subscription fees to watch programmes via the app in Western Europe , Australia and Canada . However , it never came to the US . Reports suggest American pay-TV operators had threatened to drop the BBC America channel if the app had launched locally because they believed it would cost them viewers . Both BBC America and the international edition of iPlayer screen some of the corporation 's best known programmes , including Doctor Who , Top Gear , Sherlock and 's natural history documentaries . Press releases had always described the online facility as a \" pilot \" meant to provide \" consumer insights \" . BBC Worldwide - the broadcaster 's commercial arm - first announced it intended to pull support for the Global iPlayer app in October 2013 , saying it would instead focus on making material available via the BBC.com website . The corporation repeated the point in its annual review last July , but until now had not provided an exact shut-off date . \" As announced in July 2014 , the service will be closing this year as planned ,\" said a spokeswoman . \" The service will close on 26 June . \" She declined to provide usage statistics . The global iPlayer app was first made available as an iOS app in July 2011 but was never extended beyond Apple 's platform . European users were charged a \u20ac 5.99 (\u00a3 4.30 ) monthly fee , while Canadians and Australians were offered a slightly cheaper rate of 6.99 Canadian dollars (\u00a3 3.70 ) and 7.49 Australian dollars (\u00a3 3.80 ) . The content provided was distinct from that offered via the UK version , including older shows from the corporation 's library in addition to recently broadcast programmes . In total , more than 2,000 hours of shows were on offer on the global edition of iPlayer , including Gavin and Stacey , Fawlty Towers , Planet Earth and \" classic \" episodes of Doctor Who . Users have been notified of the switch-off , and auto-renewing subscriptions are being cancelled . \" We would like to thank all of our subscribers for using the service . We are now developing plans to launch new digital services across multiple devices ,\" reads a statement on BBC Worldwide 's site .", "The building in Hammersmith 's Margravine Cemetery , London created in 1869 , has been given Grade II listing . Families unable to immediately pay for a burial previously used to keep dead relatives in their homes , contributing to cholera outbreaks in the city . Historic England said the store was \" ghoulish and absolutely fascinating \" . Director of listing said many had to keep their relatives' bodies in their small cramped homes during the early 1800s , \" so you 've got the living cheek-by-jowl with the dead \" . The small octagonal building used for holding the dead before funerals , was an example of the facilities proposed by , secretary to the Poor Law Commission , who led a review of sanitary conditions . The store also addressed people 's fears that their relatives would be buried before they had actually died . The use of reception houses was phased out with the introduction of undertakers in the 1880s and the building is the sole survivor of its kind in the capital , according to Historic England . Heritage minister said the building was \" an important part of London 's history \" as it \" gives us a glimpse into how cholera outbreaks changed Victorian attitudes to burials and public health . \" Receiving the listing could help secure funding for any conservation work on the reception house .", "The winning image , by from Iran , shows the US president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning yellow hair . Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests in the past on themes including the Islamic State group and the Holocaust . This year 's logo is based on the Nazi emblem , with a T instead of a swastika . It encouraged many comparisons between the US president and Nazism . \" The ' ism ' in Trumpism is a reference to racism and Nazism ,\" organiser told the Associated Press . \" Many believe his remarks are similar to . He has had a bad attitude toward media [ and ] refugees . \" The group 's Holocaust-themed cartoon contest last year drew condemnation from Israeli Prime Minister . But organisers said it was designed to highlight Western double standards on free speech rather than cast doubt on the Nazi genocide . Others depictions in this year 's competition drew on Mr 's promises to build a wall on the US-Mexican border as well as violence against women and attacks on the media . Entrants include several cartoonists from the US and the UK . American 's artwork shows the cover of two copies of Time magazine , one with President 's picture and the other with . They are both are portrayed as Time 's Person of the Year with Mr telling : \" It is a great honor \" and in return replies \" Ja . \"", "scored the decisive penalty with Vale 's the only man to miss from the spot . Over 120 minutes , Vale matched Albion , who again left wantaway striker out of their side . The Baggies' missed the best chance of the game - hitting the crossbar from close range .", "The 29-year-old joined the U 's on a free in May 2015 but has made only six appearances for the League Two side . He spent part of last season on loan at Stevenage and has also spent time with Luton and Preston . \" I 'm very excited to be here . I 've worked hard throughout pre-season and I 'm desperate to get back playing football ,\" told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "Police Scotland said two men broke into the farm house near to Corsock , Castle Douglas , between 23:30 on Thursday and 01:00 on Friday . They stole items including a number of war medals , gold watches and antiques . Officers have appealed for information and said the robbers may have been \" casing \" the property before the raid . Det Sgt said : \" I believe that whoever broke into this house knew what they were looking for - that is the medals , watches and antiques . \" Thankfully the householder , a woman , who was in the house at the time , was not injured but she is very upset by what has happened . \" The men were described as being well spoken , with Scottish accents , of average height and build and wearing dark clothing . One of the men was wearing a balaclava and gloves . \" Due to the rural location of the house and the items taken , we believe that the two men would have had to have the use of a car . \" It is also entirely possible that they may have been in the area before the break in ' casing ' the house so I would ask anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious behaviour around the area during this time , or anyone who may have been offered these items for sale , to contact police . \"", "Scotland 's First Minister \" My thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident , and especially with the friends and families of the six people who lost their lives in what is another sad day for Glasgow and Scotland . \" Prime Minister \" I 'm being kept fully briefed on the major incident in Glasgow . My thoughts are with the families of those involved and the emergency services . \" Labour leader \" Terrible news from Glasgow - my thoughts are with all those affected by this horrific accident . \" Secretary of State for Scotland \" I share Scotland 's deep shock at the horrible events in Glasgow this afternoon . On the eve of the festive period , these are unimaginable scenes in one of the busiest parts of our largest city . \" Church of Scotland Moderator \" The news from the city centre of Glasgow just a few days before Christmas is simply devastating . For the second year in a row Glaswegians will have to dig deep into their reserves of compassion and sympathy as they support the families of those who have been killed and injured today . \" Glasgow Archbishop \" The circumstances could hardly be more tragic . I would ask any person of faith to pray for those who have died and their relatives and those who have been injured . \" Glasgow City Council leader \" This is a terrible tragedy and our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected , particularly the families of those who have lost their lives . \" Glasgow Lord Provost \" This is shocking and upsetting . My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those affected by this terrible incident . \" Scottish Labour leader \" People in Glasgow and across the whole of Scotland will be mourning this loss of life so close to Christmas . No words will be able to do justice to the pain the families involved will be feeling this evening . \" Scottish Conservative leader \" This is a terrible tragedy , right in the heart of Scotland 's biggest city . No-one expects that ordinary people , out to do some last-minute Christmas shopping , would fail to make it home .", ", and scored England 's tries , with adding one conversion . got three of New Zealand 's 10 . Scotland took fifth place with a 24-17 victory over Australia , sealed by a last-minute try from . Wales beat Italy 25-24 to finish seventh , while Ireland beat hosts Georgia 24-18 for ninth . England had beaten Wales , Samoa and Australia to top Pool A , before a 24-22 victory over South Africa booked their spot in the final . New Zealand beat Scotland , Italy and Ireland to win Pool B , defeating France 39-26 in the semi-finals . South Africa beat France 37-15 in the third-place play-off .", "The carriageway was closed between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services , with congestion stretching back as far as junction 15a for Towcester . Police were called to the incident at about 18:45 BST on Thursday and have also closed two northbound lanes . A Northamptonshire Police spokesman said traffic was being turned around in an attempt to get it off the motorway .", "Ross-shire Engineering has secured the potential investment across the next five years supplying equipment to Scottish Water . The firm in Muir of Ord has already created 100 new jobs to allow it meet the needs of the utility company . The investment has also provided additional job security to the existing 273 staff members . First Minister visited the company 's premises near Inverness on Monday , following a tour of Nigg Energy Park on the Cromarty Firth . She said : \" Ensuring a strong rural economy is crucial to Scotland 's success . \" This funding Ross-Shire Engineering has secured provides a hugely welcome boost in providing skilled jobs and investment across the Highlands , as well as providing vital utility services to Scotland 's homes and businesses . \" In particular , I am delighted they will be investing in their already strong apprenticeship job programme , providing vital training and employment to young people living in the Highlands in a competitive jobs market . \" The first minister added : \" Last week when I set out my Programme for Government I promised to protect Scotland 's interests , particularly our economic interests , in the wake of the EU referendum . \" Driving sustainable economic growth is at the heart of that , and I am committed to ensuring this government does all it can to ensure Scotland 's rural economy remains prosperous for future generations . \"", "'s body was found in her first-floor flat in Green Gates , Leven , at 20:00 on Tuesday . She had last been seen alive at 08:00 that day . Mrs had sustained head injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene by the Scottish Ambulance Service . Her family paid tribute to the \" beloved mother , grandmother and friend \" . They said Mrs would be sadly missed , adding that she was \" born , bred and lived in the Leven area all her life \" . \" The family are assisting the police in the investigation and wish to be left alone at this difficult time ,\" they added . Detectives said there were no signs of a break in and so far no clear motive but they said Mrs was murdered in \" a brutal \" way . Mrs was said to be independent , capable and was an active member of the local church . She had spent the festive period with one of her sons in England , returning home in the new year . Police said Mrs 's neighbour had spoken to her in the morning . She told the neighbour she was going to the shops and then to the hospital to visit a friend . When the neighbour did not hear from Mrs again he went to investigate and found her dead in her home . Det Ch Insp , of Police Scotland , said : \" She had a brutal head injury . \" An 82-year-old woman in the safety of her own home being subjected to such a brutal attack is horrendous . \" \" Whoever has been responsible for causing 's death has preyed on a vulnerable and elderly member of the community and we are pursuing various lines of inquiry as part of this ongoing investigation . \" I would ask that anyone who remembers seeing anything suspicious in the Green Gates area in the days and hours before was found contacts police immediately . \" In addition , anyone with any other information that can help us find 's killer should also get in touch . \" Mrs 's local Church of Scotland minister said the whole community had been \" shocked \" and \" stunned \" by the murder . The Rev , of Leven Parish Church , said : \" was part of the church community and very much involved in the life of the church . \" I have been the minister here for nine years and she came virtually every Sunday and I would chat to her at the door . \" was friendly and outgoing , a kind lady who was bright and interesting to talk to . People are absolutely stunned . \"", "Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires . The series of fast-spreading fires , mostly in Chile 's central region , are being fanned by strong winds , high temperatures and a prolonged drought . One town , Santa Olga , has been destroyed by the blaze .", "The White House and state department said plans for up to 300 new homes and an industrial zone were diminishing prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Israel insisted fewer than 100 homes had been approved . Its foreign ministry said the new homes would be built within the area of an existing settlement . Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) secretary general said while Palestinians welcomed Washington 's criticism , they expected it \" to take real action \" . \" After almost 50 years of systematic Israeli colonisation and belligerent military occupation of the State of Palestine , the US must implement the necessary tools to end Israeli settlements , including through the UN Security Council , end funding to Israel , and stop funding settlements through US-based organisations fuelling violence and discrimination against Palestinians ,\" he said . About 570,000 Israelis live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The settlements are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this . In July , world powers warned of \" perpetual occupation and conflict \" between Israelis and Palestinians . \" The actions of the Israeli government in announcing this settlement undermine the pursuit of peace ,\" said White House spokesman . State department spokesman said the new settlement would be \" another step towards cementing a reality of perpetual occupation \" that would \" further call into question Israel 's commitment to achieving a negotiated peace \" . It was \" deeply troubling \" , Mr said , because Israel had announced it so soon after the US agreed last month to a 10-year $ 38bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 30bn ) military aid package for the country . However , Israel 's foreign ministry said the new units did not constitute a \" new settlement \" . \" This housing will be built on state land in the existing settlement of Shilo and will not change its municipal boundary or geographic footprint ,\" a statement said . \" The real obstacle to peace is not the settlements - a final-status issue that can and must be resolved in negotiations between the parties - but the persistent Palestinian rejection of a Jewish state in any boundaries ,\" it added . Palestinians want an independent state in the West Bank and Gaza with East Jerusalem as its capital , and say settlements make this impossible .", "The three children were placed in foster care after the couple 's arrest by counter-terrorism officers in 2015 . Mr said he was suspicious the parents were going to areas controlled by so-called Islamic State . But he said their \" attitude \" had \" genuinely changed \" and he concluded that the children should return home . The judge , who is based in the Family Division of the High Court , said he was also satisfied that the couple will meet their children 's needs . He said evidence showed that being in the family home will be in their best interests . Details of the case have emerged in rulings published by Mr following private family court hearings in Leeds . The judge did not identify the couple . He said they were from London but lived in the north-east of England . Council social workers had asked him to make decisions about where the children should live . The couple were arrested while in a car with their children at the Eurotunnel terminal in Folkestone , Kent , during the summer of 2015 . They had not been accused of any terrorism-related offences as a result of their arrest , but had faced fraud charges . The couple had told police that they were travelling to Germany to visit relatives , although the man admitted that he had been \" drawn into radical extreme thinking \" . Mr said evidence caused him \" very considerable concern \" and he said he was \" suspicious \" that the couple had been heading for areas of the Middle East controlled by IS . But he said suspicion was not enough . Mr said he had been told how the couple had co-operated with social services after the children were taken into foster care . The father said he accepted that things he had said before were \" not appropriate \" and \" not a true expression of Islam \" , and the mother had accepted that views she expressed \" were wrong \" . \" I am sufficiently satisfied ... that the attitudes of these parents have genuinely changed ,\" said Mr . \" I am satisfied from the information placed before me that these parents [ will meet ] the needs of these ... children in all material respects . \" He added : \" All relevant considerations point to the conclusion that it is indeed in the best interests of the children that they should [ be ] at home in the care of their parents . \"", "The conditions endured by chainmakers and their demands for a minimum wage caused a national scandal and in 1910 they held a strike . It lasted for ten weeks and is credited with changing the lives of thousands of workers earning poor wages . Artist , from a family of chainmakers , has created the statue after more than two years . Mr 's statue was unveiled on Friday morning in Mary Macarthur park , named after the trade unionist who led the women chainmakers 102 years ago . He said : \" It 's something which is a wonderful piece of our history , but still , I do n't think enough people know about it . \" The statue stands at 10 ft ( 3 metres ) and weighs nearly three-and-a-half tonnes . The area 's links with chain making are kept alive every month at a rare surviving chain shop at Mushroom Green in the heart of the Black Country . In 2010 , a plaque honouring was put up in the park as part of the 100th anniversary events .", "The report warns that a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation . Somalia 's Islamist al-Shabab militants are believed to be recruiting heavily in neighbouring north-eastern Kenya . Kenya has seen a series of militant attacks with one at a university earlier this year killed 148 people . Although the report does not mention where the returnees came from , Deputy Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Kenya Muslims ( Supkem ) has confirmed to the BBC that they were fighting for al-Shabab . The 36-page report was compiled by the IOM , Supkem and the Kenya 's interior ministry . Researchers found that although most adults joined the group voluntarily , nearly a third of children interviewed said they were forced to enlist . The return of the youth , the report says , provides both \" opportunities and threats for and to Kenyans \" . \" On the one hand , they present an opportunity to counter the radicalising ideologies and recruitment strategies of armed groups ,\" the report says . \" On the other , the response of the security forces is widely perceived to be promoting further radicalisation as the returnees themselves believe that they are unsafe and have limited reintegration options . \" Security in the country was identified by participants as the main obstacle to their successful reintegration in the country . A total of 185 respondents were interviewed , representing nearly 30 % of the estimated total of 684 returnees in the country . The majority were between 18 and 34 years old .", "She was a passenger in a car that collided with a lorry on the Legacorry Road at about 15:35 GMT on Thursday . The woman who was driving the vehicle is in a critical condition in hospital . In a separate incident , Moor Road in Coalisland , County Tyrone , has been closed following a two-vehicle crash .", "The strike is over a 1 % pay rise that was awarded last year to all midwives in England , Scotland and Wales . The Department of Health said officials worked to ensure a safe service was provided during the stoppage . It said midwives in Northern Ireland had the same settlement as colleagues in England . \" While we would like to be in a position to have done more in 2014 / 15 , it is important to recognise midwives and other non-medical staff received a minimum of 1 % extra with the average rise through incremental progression being 3.7 % and some staff receiving 6.7 % more ,\" a spokesperson said . While the most senior midwives in Northern Ireland got the rise in a one-off payment last March , those on lower pay bands did not . Instead , most received the annual uplift of around \u00c2 \u00a3 1,500 . According to the Royal College of Midwives ( RCM ) , all midwives should receive the 1 % increase like elsewhere in the UK , regardless of their band , as well as the uplift in salary that is built in to the pay system . It has emerged that talks resumed on Tuesday between the Department of Health and some of the health unions . While those negotiations have been described as positive , further industrial action is planned , including claiming for all overtime . of the RCM said the department was \" being cheeky \" to suggest that midwives in Northern Ireland had received the same pay rise as their English colleagues . She said staff on higher pay bands had received a 1 % \" temporary uplift \" to their basic pay in February , but at the start of the financial year in April , their pay went back to 2013 levels . Incremental progression based on experience and performance was a part of the NHS pay structure rather than a pay rise , the union 's employment relations adviser said . \" We do n't want to wait until February 2016 to find out what 's happening - we want to negotiate a solution now ,\" she said . Midwife told the BBC : \" We are not any less passionate , caring or hard-working than colleagues in other parts of the UK who have gained this 1 % pay rise . \" We feel very undervalued by the powers-that-be who have refused to pay this . \" I have been a midwife for 37 years - it 's a fantastic profession but I would worry about its future . \"", "Northumbria Police said the pair were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images . A spokesman said investigations were ongoing to \" ensure the safeguarding of those involved \" and to check that there was no ongoing risk of exploitation . Both boys have been bailed pending further inquiries . Supt said the force was working with schools across South Tyneside to make children \" aware of the risks around sharing images of themselves and others via text and social network sites \" . She said : \" The internet is an essential tool and social networking sites are a popular way for children to communicate with their friends , but we need to make sure they stay safe online and know how to use it responsibly . \" It 's very important that we make sure young people stay safe online and are aware of the risks and what they can do to avoid them . \" Anyone who may have concerns about images they have shared or received should speak with a trusted adult or the police straight away . \"", "Police found in Blackshots Lane , Grays , in the early hours of Saturday morning following reports of a group of men fighting . The 24-year-old had been stabbed in the chest and died at the scene . , 18 , from Oakley Close , Grays , has been charged with his murder and is due to appear at Basildon Magistrates' Court . Flowers - including moving tributes from Mr 's parents and wife - have been laid near the spot where he died . For more stories from the county , visit BBC Local Live : Essex A 22-year-old man , who was also arrested , has been bailed pending further investigations . A 21-year-old man , from South Ockendon , was released without charge and faces no further action . Mr 's former team Tilbury Football Club has paid tribute , saying he was \" a lovely lad \" .", "The sergeant opened fire in June 2014 at his post near the North Korean border and fled , sparking a manhunt . He was captured two days later after he shot himself during a tense stand-off with troops . It reignited debate on military culture in South Korea , where all males must do about two years military service . The conscript 's attack had previously been attributed by a defence ministry spokesman to his \" difficulties in adapting to military life \" . He had been placed on a list of conscripts requiring special attention . In July last year , the military completed its investigation into the incident and said the attack , at a post near the border town of Goseong , was in revenge for bullying in the army and at school . The 23-year-old recruit , surnamed in previous reports but named as by Yonhap news agency , was found guilty of killing and injuring his comrades by detonating a grenade and firing at them . He was also found guilty of running away with a rifle and ammunition , said the news agency . Under South Korea 's military law , a soldier must face the death penalty for killing a superior . One of those killed was a staff sergeant . The soldier expressed remorse in a statement last month before his sentence was announced , AFP news agency reported . \" I feel deeply sorry for the victims and their relatives ... I am overcome with remorse ... How happy would I be , had it been merely a dream and had it been possible to return to the past ?\" he said . Past incidents in South Korea 's military have been linked to bullying and mental health problems . Last year , several suicides by young conscripts were reported . In April , a private died after he was beaten by his superiors - an incident which was only uncovered months later by a civic group . A sergeant was later sentenced to 45 years in military prison for the crime . Four other soldiers were jailed for between 15 and 30 years while a sixth was given a suspended prison sentence . In September last year , two special forces soldiers died after collapsing during captivity training , apparently from suffocation . The incidents sparked a public outcry and prompted the army to take a tougher stance on bullying and abuse . Its chief of staff resigned and his replacement ordered the establishment of a military human rights commission and investigations into hundreds of bullying cases . Prior to last year , South Korea also saw major incidents in 2005 and 2011 where conscripts killed several of their comrades . South Korea has said it needs a conscription system to ensure national security . It technically remains at war with North Korea , as the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice rather than a peace treaty .", "said the \" time was right \" for her to step aside , adding that the DA would benefit from fresh blood . She will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019 . , a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner , has led the party since 2007 . \" These kinds of decisions are a long time coming , but in the end they are made suddenly ,\" she said . Ms was born in 1951 to German immigrants . She has been a staunch defender of South Africa 's liberal constitution , keeping a check on the leading ANC party 's overwhelming power . In the past , she has openly criticised President and led a campaign to bring him before the courts to face allegations of bribery . Mr denied the claims , insisting he was the victim of a \" political conspiracy \" . The DA 's support is mainly concentrated in the Western Cape , which has a large white and mixed-race population , but Ms had tried to make inroads into the black electorate .", ", 25 , suffered a bleed on the brain in a loss to in March and was put in an induced coma . The offer comes despite saying and his father were \" inhuman \" in how they reacted to his life-threatening injuries post-fight . \" I ended the guy 's career ,\" told ITV 's Good Morning Britain . \" He said everything was OK and that there were no hard feelings , but I 've stopped him being able to make a living . \" I wanted to come and see him because I had something for him , and that something is my British title belt . \" READ MORE : ' I could see no light at the end of the tunnel ' - 's trainer woke from his coma a week after the fight , which was stopped in the 10th round , without requiring an operation . Speaking to the Sun on Monday , was critical of the decision to hold a news conference while he was still in hospital . \" I was shocked when I first heard the things he had been saying because we had a little talk on social media ,\" added . \" I believe that the belt is a goodwill gesture - I 'm still ready to come and give it to him . \" The guy 's a true warrior , regardless of what 's been said , the only thing that 's important is that he is now OK , he 's with his family and he can live a normal life with no restrictions . \"", "In Palmer on Thursday , at about 03:00 an officer told and their son , 29 , had been killed . The devastated couple drove to 's girlfriend 's home to inform her , when he greeted them at the door . In fact , another man with the same name but different birthday was killed . The Juneau police apologised for the error . After hearing the horrible news , the Priests telephoned far-away relatives , then drove to Anchorage to tell their other son in person , they told Alaska Dispatch News . Then , the grieving family set out to inform 's girlfriend of five years . At her home at about 05:30 , said he heard a knock on the door as he was getting ready to walk his dog . Still bleary-eyed from sleep , he was surprised to see his family . All erupted with joy , praising and embracing one another in tears . \" It opens and right here is . I do n't even see it but is sobbing . It does n't compute to me . Then I see him ,\" Mrs told the Associated Press news agency . \" You want it to be true , but you go , ' Am I hallucinating ? ' did n't know what was going on . \" The Juneau police have apologised for the anguish , however momentary . told the Alaska Dispatch that the family 's relief and joy is tempered by the awareness another family lost a son .", "The 23-year-old joined QPR from Swindon in May but he has only made three appearances for the Championship club . 's League One side have been hit by several injuries this season . \" An injury has meant he 's subsequently struggled for game time ,\" said QPR 's director of football . \" He 's only away for a month . He 's still got a massive future at QPR . \" Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .", "The man , who was in his 60s , died at Silverthorn Avenue in the town and police were informed of his death just after 12:00 GMT on Tuesday . Officers investigating the circumstances of his death arrested a 25-year-old man in Coleraine just after 17:30 GMT . There are no further details at present .", "The allegations were made in a BBC Spotlight programme on Tuesday . Mr has denied any involvement in the murder of Mr in 2006 . In a statement , BBC Spotlight said : \" The Spotlight programme dealt with matters of great public interest and the BBC stands by its journalism . \" A lawyer for the family spoke to the BBC on Friday after meeting Garda Deputy Assistant Commissioner and two other senior police officers . said the officers provided an update on progress in their investigation during the meeting in Belfast . \" The one theme that has come out of today 's meeting is that the theory that was being advanced by BBC Spotlight earlier this week , that this was in some way carried out by the Provisional IRA or authorised by , I think it 's absolute nonsense ,\" he said . Asked how the family responded to the claims that Mr was killed by the Provisional IRA , and that the killing had been sanctioned by the Sinn F\u00e9in leader , Mr said : \" It just does not stand up . \" It does not marry in any way with the lines of inquiry that have been progressed by the guards ([ Garda ] or by the the ( police ) ombudsman . \" A man who said he worked as an informer for the intelligence branch of the police told Spotlight that he had been told the Provisional IRA had killed him . The former spy , who was in the IRA and Sinn F\u00e9in. , told the programme that in his experience such a murder would have to have been sanctioned by . The man could not be identified because of fears about his safety . What Spotlight was told Agent : I know from my experience in the IRA that murders have to be approved by the leadership . They have to be given approval by the leadership of the IRA and the military leadership of the IRA . Presenter : Who are you specifically referring to ? Agent : , he gives the final say . Mr was shot dead in a remote cottage in Donegal in April 2006 , months after admitting that he had been an MI5 agent for more than 20 years . Three years later , the Real IRA said it was responsible . Mr had worked for Sinn F\u00e9in as an administrator at Stormont .", "Maj Gen was faced with 40,000 prisoners at the Bergen-Belsen camp and set up a hospital to treat them for typhus , TB and starvation . His son , , said : \" He had to deal with people dying by the hundreds every day . \" The plaque was unveiled in Northiam , East Sussex where lived . Born in Glasgow , he moved to the village with his family in 1973 . About 60 people , including members of 's family , gathered for the unveiling at the pump house on the village green . was commanding a mobile medical unit close to the German-Dutch border in April 1945 . He was ordered to move his unit to take charge of the sick and starving at Bergen-Belsen , which had just been liberated by the British . Around 70,000 people had died at the camp in northern Germany . Mr said his father had been reluctant to talk about his World War Two experiences , due to modesty and wanting to block out such a traumatic event . \" There were times in his life when former inmates , who he had come across at the time , got in touch with him and wanted to acknowledge him ,\" Mr said . \" Other than that , he did n't talk about it . \" In an account which is now in the Holocaust Museum in Washington , wrote : \" Little did I know that I was about to be faced with the greatest test of my career , with a situation that would remain engraved on my memory for the rest of my days . \"[ It ] would instil in me a lasting abhorrence not only of those who had perpetrated this crime on humanity , but also of those who had condoned it . \"", "The device was discovered on Foreglen Road on Wednesday morning following a telephone call to a local hospital . The road has reopened after a security alert in the area . The device was taken away for forensic examination . Det Insp said : \" We appreciate that the alert caused traffic disruption and are grateful for the patience and support shown by the community and commuters . \"", "Parents and carers at Camau Bach in Aberystwyth were told someone trespassed into its Green Room from the outside play area . It said police had been told and were informing nearby schools . shut temporarily earlier this year after a boy was left unattended on a minibus for two hours . Dyfed-Powys Police and the charity Mudiad Meithrin , which owns the nursery , have been asked to comment . The letter , signed by nursery manager , said the individual did not come into contact with any children and ran away when confronted by a staff member . It said , as an extra security precaution , the height of existing gates would be raised .", "Kingfisher is selling a 70 % stake in the business - which has 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff - for \u00a3 140m . The company had already announced that it was looking for a strategic partner to develop its B & Q business in China . The transaction , which is subject to approval by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce , is expected to be completed in the first half of 2015 . As well as B & Q , Kingfisher owns the Screwfix , Brico Depot and Castorama home improvement chains . It also owns 50 % of the Koctas brand in Turkey . \" I am delighted to have found a strong retail partner who will help us to release the financial value of our business in China ,\" said group chief executive . \" This will enable us to focus our financial resources and management talent on the large and attractive European home improvement market . \" Beijing-based Wumei Holdings operates about 650 supermarkets and 10 department stores in China , owning brands such as Wumart , Jingbei Shopping Mall , and Merrymart . recently took over from as chief executive .", ", 38 , will take on at York Hall on 12 November for the English super-middleweight championship . The ex-Norwich and Peterborough man became a professional boxer in 2013 having quit football two years previously . He has a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights . is the son of former British and European champion and is trained by his uncle , former three-time world champion .", "The red-throated diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in a remote part of North Uist . The birds are on the RSPB 's amber list after a recent decline in numbers . , site manager of the RSPB 's Uist reserves , said plastic bags can kill birds if they eat , or become entangled , in one . He said : \" We urge people to take great care in the way they dispose of plastic bags or , indeed , any other rubbish , particularly balloons and Chinese lanterns . \" They pose a direct threat to our wildlife and it is depressing to think that plastic bags are even reaching remote lochans in a place like North Uist . \" Mr added : \" Marine birds such as red-throated divers are particularly at risk both at sea and on their breeding grounds where they can mistake the bags for fish or mistakenly use it for nesting material . \"", "A passer-by found the man , who has not been named but was in his 30s , off Promenade Street in Heywood at about 23:25 GMT on Thursday . He was pronounced dead at the scene and officers are treating the death as suspicious . A post-mortem examination is due to take place and officers have asked for any witnesses to contact them .", "Labour MP for Bassetlaw , , a Leave campaigner , said people voted to leave because of immigration , zero-hour contracts and job prospects and said a \" divide in Britain \" had been exposed . voted most strongly to leave , with 70.9 % backing Brexit . Rushcliffe , which includes the towns of West Bridgford and Bingham , was the only area to vote for Remain . It saw the East Midland 's highest turnout . Meanwhile , the turnout in Nottingham was the fifth lowest in the UK at 61.8 % . Leave won by a tiny margin of just over 2,000 votes in the city . Mr said his party was \" somewhat out of touch \" . \" With the middle classes largely voting remain because they see it as benefiting them and the working classes largely voting to leave because it dis-benefits them - that 's the divide in Britain ,\" he said . Latest reaction and updates from Nottinghamshire Like large parts of England , Nottinghamshire overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union . The margin of victory in Bassetlaw , Ashfield and Mansfield was huge , with less than a third of people voting remain . Arguably the biggest surprise came in Nottingham , which narrowly backed Brexit . Affluent Rushcliffe was the only area to vote Remain . Overall Nottinghamshire voted 57.9 % for Leave and 42.1 % for Remain . Conservative , the MP for Broxtowe and a Remain campaigner , tweeted it was \" a dreadful decision \" . \" People like me were told you 're scaremongering , we do n't want to listen to the experts ,\" she said . \" All that has been unfortunately proved to be accurate . We have made a very , very , very bad mistake . \" Labour MP for Nottingham North , , said had \" gambled with Britain 's future \" by calling for a referendum , saying people voted to leave \" in protest \" at the current government . Turnout was 81.5 % in Rushcliffe - the highest in the East Midlands and the only council area to vote Remain . The vote was close elsewhere , including in Nottingham , where the split was 50.8 % Leave , 49.2 % Remain . , a caller to BBC Radio Nottingham from the Carrington area of the city , said she felt \" frightened of the future \" . \" It potentially gives a mandate for a lot of prejudice against people who have immigrated here , whether from the EU or elsewhere ,\" she said .", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 2000 Olympic super-heavyweight champion is backing fellow Briton to be too strong for American in Saturday 's IBF world heavyweight title fight in London . says \" all the cards are in 's favour \" , likening the 26-year-old to the ex-heavyweight champions . \" He lives the life of an athlete ,\" , 44 , told BBC Radio 5 live . \" He 's very fit , strong and committed . \" I just think has got that , brutish strength - that ingredient that is hard to hold him off . \" Watch : , has won 23 and drawn one of his 24 fights and beat for the vacant IBF belt in January . has sparred with the 29-year-old American , whom he calls a \" rugged , tall , big southpaw \" , but says Watford-born will have the British crowd behind him on Saturday . \" will be gallant , brave and it 's a great fight potentially \" said . \" But I ca n't see him keeping back the steam train that is . \"", "Remains of a man aged between 30 and 49 , were found close to the M54 motorway in Shropshire , in August . West Mercia Police said two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a Kara , a Sikh symbol - were found inside a jacket that was also uncovered . There have been no matches with DNA profiles of missing people in England . The force said it was still unable to ascertain the cause of death , but it was keeping an open mind as to how the remains came to be at junction four of the M54 at Shifnal . It is understood the remains lay undiscovered for up to three years . 2 - 3 Years the bones of a nearly complete skeleton belonging to a man had lain at the site , next to junction four of the M54 5 7 - 5 11 Height of the man 30 to 49 Years old at the time of death Detectives said they could not rule out that \" he may have been subjected to a crime \" . The man , who was between 5ft 7ins and 5ft 11ins tall , was discovered by a highway worker at the bottom of an embankment . He was wearing a black \" dare2be \" soft-shell outdoor jacket in a large size , a navy blue V-neck T-shirt from at Asda and a pair of dark coloured , medium-size Nike tracksuit bottoms . Police said that specific type of T-shirt was first manufactured in November 2007 and first sold in March 2008 .", "The second tier is shaping up to be a hugely competitive league next term with Hearts , Hibernian and Rangers among the sides chasing promotion . And is hoping his new charges can grab fourth place , and a play-off berth , at least . \" It 's our remit that we 'd love to try to get in the play-offs , that would be a huge achievement ,\" said Houston . The 55-year-old , who had been working as a scout with Celtic after leaving Dundee United last year , is relishing the chance to take on Rangers , Hearts and Hibs . It 's not always the big guys that win games . I 've been to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and won The Bairns reached the Championship play-off semi-final in season 2013-14 but were beaten by Hamilton Academical , who eventually won promotion to the Premiership . \" The better chances are going to go to one of the big three clubs in the league , however , that 's on paper and football is not played on paper ,\" said Houston . \" I 've got to make sure that the lads I 've got , when they come to face Rangers , Hearts and Hibs , there 's a belief in them . \" It 's a great thing for the players at Falkirk to go to Ibrox , Tynecastle , Easter Road and pit themselves against what 's going to be a stronger squad . \" It 's not always the big guys that win games . I 've been to Hearts , Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and won . \" A former Falkirk player , Houston won the 2010 Scottish Cup as Dundee United boss . And after succeeding , who left the manager 's position at the Falkirk Stadium to join coaching team at Norwich City , said returning to the was an offer he could not turn down . \" I probably would n't have jumped at it if it had been any other club than Falkirk , as they mean an awful lot to me , \" added . \" I left here 18 years ago to go to Hearts as a youth coach and I said in the local newspaper I 'd like to go and learn the game then come back as manager . I did n't think it would be as long as 18 years but I 'm delighted to be back . \" , who said his eight month stint at Celtic had advanced him as \" coach and a person \" , revealed he is close to securing the services of a new player-coach for Falkirk . As well as his four-year managerial spell at Tannadice , was also assistant to when the latter was Scotland coach . The pair had previously worked together at Hearts , Leicester and Dundee United .", "He was pulled from the water by the RNLI 's Penlee Inshore Lifeboat at about 13:35 BST on Sunday , Devon and Cornwall Police said . A crew member swam to the man and \" recovered him \" after he was found near the bow of an angling boat moored alongside , the RNLI said . The man , said to be local , was airlifted to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro and pronounced dead . Police said the man had been reported floating face-down in the water by a sailing club .", "'s goal put 1-6 to 0-6 up early in the second half and was always likely to prove decisive in such a low-scoring contest . 's lead was cut to a point but the Down champions moved three ahead again and then held on . Scotstown duo and sub were sent off late on . was dismissed after getting a second yellow card while saw red after appearing to strike impressive Kilcoo full-back . The Monaghan champions , beaten by Crossmaglen after extra-time in last year 's provincial final , only had points from and to show for their early domination as several other good chances were missed . hit back with five unanswered points after opened up their account in the ninth minute . 's typically busy display was crucial to 's improvement as , ( two ) and also notched points . After being held scoreless for almost 20 minutes , Scotstown found their range again late in the first half as the lively pointed a free and keeper also hit the target from a 45 after missing three earlier long-range efforts . 's departure at half-time looked a blow for but instead his replacement went on to become the central personality in the match . The sides were level at 0-6 a piece when held his nerve to produce a great finish past after had flicked on a long ball . After 's reply , looked to have palmed in a second goal but the effort was ruled out - harshly it appeared - for a square ball . The controversial decision looked as though it could be match-turning as another point cut 's lead to the minimum but crucially and then missed chances to get Scotstown on terms . 's superb long-range point and an score , after more great work by , left three ahead with three minutes of normal time left and 's seventh point was all Scotstown could summon in the remaining eight minutes of action . In addition to and , and were among 's stars as they set up a meeting either Kilcar or Glenswilly on 30 October .", "and compatriot pre-qualified for the team in 2015 , leaving one more place to fill . The likelihood is whoever finishes first out of , 31 , and in the World Triathlon race on Australia 's Gold Coast will be picked . \" I would love to qualify for another Olympics and go to Rio ,\" said . The two-time former World Champion finished third behind in the opening round in Abu Dhabi on 5 March . \" I was happy to come away with a third in Abu Dhabi ,\" told BBC Wales Sport . \" I 'd had a chest infection and came off antibiotics on the Monday and raced on the Saturday . \" The GB team will be announced before the Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon Leeds , 11-12 June . British Triathlon say the quality of the performance in Gold Coast will be taken into consideration as well as the finishing positions . The Welsh athlete would need to finish ahead of and show Olympic medal-winning potential . won the world title in 2008 and 2011 , and represented Team GB at two Olympic games . Media playback is not supported on this device \" I 've been to Beijing and London ,\" she said . \" Qualifying means a lot , but it 's not going to kill me if I do n't go , I 'm a lot more balanced coming in to this Olympic cycle . \" I have a massive desire to go , but have balance in my life so if I do n't go I have other things I want to concentrate on . \" has been in Australia for three weeks preparing for this weekend 's race . \" I think my fitness has come on really well since I 've been here ,\" she added . \" I 've had a really decent , consistent block of training and got some more harder running done on the road , which I have n't really done up until this point . I 'm feeling strong in all disciplines . \" It makes a change for who has been plagued with injuries in recent seasons . \" I 'm not going to lie , there 's been a few times when it 's nearly been it and I 've thought I just ca n't do this any more . . . there 's been tears ,\" said . \" But there 's always something that keeps me going . I do n't know what it is - but there is something that keeps you going . \" See interview on Sport Wales , BBC Two Wales , 19:30 BST on Friday , 8 April .", "His government has lasted just more than a year , with limited support from the main opposition party , . Brexit and Northern Ireland 's political stalemate are among the challenges waiting for the new taoiseach . The leadership contest will begin on Thursday , with the new leader to be announced on 2 June after an electoral college of the parliamentary party . County councillors and party members will also have their say . While the field may widen before 2 June , the early favourites for the post are Social Protection Minister and Housing Minister . Born in Dublin , the 38-year-old is the son of a Mumbai-born doctor and a mother from County Waterford . He was privately educated and studied medicine at Trinity College in Dublin , qualifying as a GP before entering politics . He was elected to parliament in 2007 as a representative for Dublin West and held the tourism and health portfolios before taking on his current post last year . In an RT\u00c9 interview in 2015 , he revealed that he is gay , explaining that he wanted to be clear on the matter ahead of the Irish referendum on same-sex marriage . \" I just kind of want to be honest with people ,\" he said . \" I do n't want anyone to think that I have a hidden agenda . \" Mr has courted controversy by announcing that people convicted of welfare fraud will be \" named and shamed \" on a government website . In a recent speech reported by the Irish Independent , he outlined his attitude to , saying there should be \" no economic border at all between north and south \" . The son of the former Fine Gael politician , the Cork-born 44-year-old has followed his father 's footsteps to a seat in the D\u00e1il ( Irish parliament ) . As a teenager , he was expelled from the exclusive Clongowes Wood boarding school for drinking and bunking off to attend a beach party . In a candid interview with RT\u00c9 , he said he had suffered from a stutter , and lived in the shadow of his more promising brother , who is now a successful businessman . He went on to study management at the Royal Agricultural College in Gloucestershire , England , before his election as the youngest member of the D\u00e1il in 1998 . He was appointed as agriculture minister in 2011 and responsibility for defence was added to his portfolio three years later . He has made no secret of his desire to lead his party - when RT\u00c9 asked the question about his intentions , he said : \" I am very ambitious , so the straight answer is yes , some day . \" But I am personally very loyal to and he knows that . \"", "The 13-month-old was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow in December 2012 . A second inquest was ordered after a seven-minute hearing in 2014 determined 's death was \" unascertained \" . It was due to be held in Kendal from 15 May and will be rescheduled for October while her father seeks legal aid . death : Key dates , senior coroner for Cumbria , said the adjournment followed a request by 's father , , who had been unable to secure legal aid in sufficient time . Mr said it was \" of real importance for Mr to take part in the process and it will be difficult for him to do so in the absence of legal representation \" . He added : \" It is self-evident my findings and conclusion at the inquest may ( depending upon what they are ) have significant ramifications for Mr . \" A family judge previously ruled the toddler had been sexually assaulted by her father , who has always denied any wrongdoing . No-one has been charged in connection with 's death . The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said it had no \" realistic prospect \" of securing a conviction . The second inquest was initially suspended in September after the CPS carried out a review of the case , concluding it was right not to bring any charges against Mr .", "The concept will be known as Vulcan , and it is expected to start operations in 2019 . United Launch Alliance - the joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin - currently flies the Atlas and Delta rockets . These are routinely used to loft Nasa science probes , spy satellites and other US national security missions . In time , both vehicles will be retired as the new Vulcan components come on stream . The first element to be introduced will be the first-stage booster , which will feature an all-new , all-American liquid-fuelled engine . This will enable ULA to end its use of Russian-made RD-180 rocket motors \u2013 something Congress has mandated . Politicians on Capitol Hill dislike the fact that American national security missions are launched with the aid of Russian propulsion technology . ULA 's preference is to incorporate a liquid methane-oxygen power unit currently being developed by Blue Origin , the space company run by Amazon entrepreneur . When the new Vulcan booster makes its debut , it will initially be married to the current Centaur upper-stage of the Atlas . But early in the 2020s , this too will be replaced by a bespoke upper-stage that should give the new rocket a performance that allows it to exceed even the Delta IV Heavy \u2013 the biggest , most powerful rocket in the world today , capable of putting upwards of 25 tonnes in a low-Earth orbit . Critically , though , the Vulcan will be substantially cheaper to build and operate . \" A Delta IV Heavy at today \u2019s launch rates costs about $ 400m , give or take , depending on the mission and its complexity . I fully expect the Next Generation Launch System to be less than half that ,\" said , president and CEO of United Launch Alliance . Some cost savings will be made by recovering and reusing the engines on the first-stage booster following a flight . The idea is that after separation from the upper-stage , the engines would detach from the propellant tanks and fall back to Earth , deploying an inflatable shield to protect them from burning up on re-entry into the atmosphere . Parachutes would then deploy and a helicopter would swoop in to pluck the engines out of the air and return them safely to the ground for servicing and re-integration into a new booster . ULA will not say how much the Vulcan development programme is costing , but it will run into the billions of dollars . ULA has to modernise , however . The priority status it has enjoyed with government contracts is coming to an end , and it is facing increasingly stiff competition \u2013 at home , from a bullish SpaceX company , whose low-cost rockets are winning favour with Nasa and commercial satellite operators ; and abroad , where Europe and Russia are both moving to new-generation rocket systems that aim to reduce their launch prices also .", ", who was better known as A $ AP Yams or Yamborghini , died aged 26 on 18 January at Brooklyn 's Woodhull Medical Centre . He founded the US rap collective A $ AP Mob along with fellow New Yorkers A $ AP Bari and A $ AP Illz . Now the New York Times reports that his death was caused by acute mixed drug intoxication . Opiates and benzodiazepines were found in his system and it was ruled an accident . After his death artists paid tribute to him on social media . tweeted : \" Rest in peace Yams . A $ AP is family . \" wrote : \" ASAP YAMS should be remembered as a leader , an innovator and most importantly as an important part of NYC youth culture . \" Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Photos on the internet appear to show in a nightclub , just hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March . \" I 've made some inquiries and I 've asked him about it and he denies he was there ,\" told Radio Sheffield . \" It 's still ongoing and I want to get to the bottom of it . It 's something I ca n't comprehend if it is true . \" Rovers lost the match at St Mary 's 2-0 , with playing the full game , and are currently six points adrift of safety with six matches to play . has scored six goals in 22 games since joining the club in October .", "will play with against and while partners against and . and take on and . Spanish duo and also stay together to take on and . and played together twice on Friday at Hazeltine , and their defeat in the opening foursomes match to and was their first as a Ryder Cup pairing . However , they exacted revenge in the fourballs to hand the Americans their first ever loss . , who lost to and in Friday 's foursomes when paired with , also has the chance to avenge that defeat . The Northern Irishman is again paired with after they convincingly won their fourball match 3 & 2 . Europe captain has also opted to keep and together after their similarly dominant 3 & 2 fourball victory on Friday . American captain keeps faith with three of the foursomes pairings that dominated the opening session . The only change is and , who won their fourball match , coming in for and . The US won Friday 's foursomes 4-0 but Europe hit back in the fourballs , winning that session 3-1 .", "Rents for grade A offices have risen to \u00a3 15.50-per-sq ft over the past year , according to commercial agents . But they are still well below the UK average of \u00a3 24 . It is claimed that the prospect of a relatively low financial return is acting as a barrier to substantial build projects . In March , an Invest NI report said there is a shortage of grade A space office in Belfast . Grade A offices are classed as new or refurbished buildings , in prime locations , with open-plan layouts . of Colliers International in Belfast said : \" The shortage of grade A space in Belfast has led a number of major occupiers to develop their own headquarter buildings . \" Further rental growth in the grade A market is necessary to encourage new development in the city . \" Office development has slowed since the 2008 property market crash . Loans of public money could soon be made available to property developers to help them build offices , after a recent report for Invest NI described supply as \" extremely limited \" . Invest is exploring whether to advance loans as \" a short-term intervention \" .", "The helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person in the Daventry area . It carried on with its mission while a police car was dispatched to investigate the laser . Officers were unable to find out who was responsible . Pilot said it was \" very distracting \" . Live updates on this story and other news from Northamptonshire He said : \" On the police helicopter , I 'm the only pilot . \" If I get hit in the eye and I 'm blinded , who 's going to fly the aircraft ? People on the ground do n't realise how serious this is . \" The National Police Air Service ( NPAS ) said Mr saw two flashes of light from the laser at about 23:00 BST on Friday . The NPAS reported 35 laser incidents on its aircraft in 2014 and 91 in 2015 . There was a total of 1,400 attacks on aircraft reported to the Civil Aviation Authority last year . People have been jailed in the past for pointing lasers at aircraft in the sky , but the devices themselves remain legal . , a spokesman for the British Airline Pilots Association ( Balpa ) , said regulations need to change . He said : \" There 's no restriction on the imports of these very powerful lasers . \"", "The artificial intelligence system - LipNet - watches video of a person speaking and matches the text to the movement of their mouths with 93 % accuracy , the researchers said . Automating the process could help millions , they suggested . But experts said the system needed to be tested in real-life situations . Lip-reading is a notoriously tricky business with professionals only able to decipher what someone is saying up to 60 % of the time . \" Machine lip-readers have enormous potential , with applications in improved hearing aids , silent dictation in public spaces , covert conversations , speech recognition in noisy environments , biometric identification and silent-movie processing ,\" wrote the researchers . They said that the AI system was provided with whole sentences so that it could teach itself which letter corresponded to which lip movement . To train the AI , the team - from Oxford University 's AI lab - fed it nearly 29,000 videos , labelled with the correct text . Each video was three seconds long and followed a similar grammatical pattern . While human testers given similar videos had an error rate of 47.7 % , the AI had one of just 6.6 % . The fact that the AI learned from specialist training videos led some on Twitter to criticise the research . Writing in OpenReview , pointed out that the videos had \" limited vocabulary and a single syntax grammar \" . \" While it 's promising to perform well on this data , it 's not really groundbreaking . While the model may be able to read my lips better than a human , it can only do so when I say a meaningless list of words from a highly constrained vocabulary in a specific order ,\" he writes . The project was partially funded by Google 's artificial intelligence firm DeepMind .", "That the UK is still ' bold ' but ' dependable ' , ' outward looking ' and a bastion of free trade . She has done that in private sessions with several leaders and a press conference with President . But very frank words from the United States , Japan and , the President of the European Council , will steal plenty of the headlines instead . Remember she was an advocate , albeit a pretty quiet one , of staying in the EU in the first place , with the economy one of her main concerns . So Downing Street says she has n't been surprised by the warnings about the future . And perhaps dealing with public expressions of sentiments that have been already expressed in private is n't really the problem . Perhaps the real difficulty for the now not so new prime minister is that the biggest demands on her abroad are the same as those at home . Other countries want more details of her plans for Britain 's life after the EU . But with no consensus , or anything like the details of post-Brexit Britain from government , there is n't that much that she can really tell them . The political danger of such a relatively blank page is that others will fill the space .", "England won by six wickets after a Pakistan batting collapse featuring three run-outs in Sharjah on Tuesday . The Daily Mail reported that the match was the subject of an investigation into suspicious betting patterns . \" There was nothing wrong with that game . I have no doubts about my boys ,\" said former bowler . The ICC declined to confirm or deny that it was investigating the game . Pakistan collapsed from 132-2 to 208 all out before England triumphed with nine overs to spare . said : \" Yes , we lost the game . You lose and win games , and it 's unfortunate the way the whole thing happened . \" ICC chief executive told BBC Test Match Special : \" I would n't be suspicious of that game . \" He said Pakistan had reported approaches from bookmakers in recent times .", "Google confirmed the plan to the BBC 's Newsround programme , saying it wanted to focus on \" formats that work well for both users and advertisers \" . Long unskippable adverts are seen as a nuisance by many viewers , and Google has introduced shorter formats . One media agency said the move reflected the difference between online video and linear television services . \" The 30-second ad is a legacy from TV times ,\" said , head of media at the Agenda21 agency . \" It 's a standard TV unit which has been put online , but it 's not the most effective way to advertise . \" This will encourage advertisers to be more creative about the way they use the platform . \" Many other websites , including the BBC 's international offer , feature unskippable 30-second ads on video content . \" Demand from advertisers for video content is high , but there 's a shortage of quality content ,\" said Mr . \" It 's good business for everyone to focus on ' skippables' - people are n't forced to sit through ads , and advertisers do n't need to pay if their ad is skipped . \"", "Hull City 's Chester , of Newcastle United and Celtic 's missed March 's 3-0 win in Israel because of injuries . returns after serving a two-match ban but injuries rule out and . Blackburn defender is also in the 23-man squad . Goalkeeper of Liverpool , - recently released by Tranmere - and Leicester City striker are the other uncapped players included . The squad will meet up for a training camp in Cardiff on Monday 1 June for five days before the match squad reconvene on Monday 8 June . West Brom striker , Liverpool winger , Cardiff full-back and Everton defender have been called up to train with the squad that week . Real Madrid 's is set to win his 50th cap at Cardiff City Stadium while Arsenal midfielder , the other goal scorer in the victory in Israel , is also in 's squad . Leicester City midfielder is back after a a two-match suspension following his red card in the qualifier against Cyprus last October . Wales are currently second in Euro 2016 qualifying group B , behind Belgium on goal difference . Tottenham left-back has been ruled out after having surgery on a dislocated shoulder while West Ham United centre-half is absent because of a calf injury . started against Israel in place of , who missed the game after suffering a shoulder injury . Crystal Palace 's and of Fulham are also missing because of injuries . Belgium and Wales are both unbeaten after playing five of their 10 Group B games , and the match at Cardiff City Stadium has already sold out . 's Wales drew 0-0 with the 2014 World Cup quarter-finalists in Brussels in November . ( Crystal Palace ) , ( Tranmere ) , ( Liverpool ) , ( Swansea City - captain ) , Chester ( Hull City ) , ( Reading ) , ( Swansea City ) , ( Newcastle ) , ( Celtic ) , ( Swansea City ) , ( Blackburn Rovers ) , ( Liverpool ) , ( Crystal Palace ) , ( Arsenal ) , ( Leicester City ) , ( Nottingham Forest ) , ( Bournemouth ) , ( Birmingham City ) , ( Reading ) , ( Leicester City ) , ( Real Madrid ) , Church ( Charlton Athletic ) , ( Burnley ) .", "A barrister for Christian-run County Antrim firm Ashers said if they lost the discrimination case there would be wide-reaching consequences for shop owners . He said it would mean a Muslim printer could not refuse to print a cartoon of the . The case in Belfast was taken by gay rights activist , . He placed the order for the cake with . No indication has been given when the judgement will be issued . The barrister for Mr told the County Court in Belfast that businesses needed to make clear in advance what they would and would not do . He said had nothing in their terms and conditions to prevent them baking the cake which Mr ordered . Earlier , the role of the Equality Commission in the case was defended in court . The commission has set aside a fund of up to \u00c2 \u00a3 40,000 to pay for legal costs in the case . It has been criticised in recent months by a number of unionist politicians over the decision to take the case . A barrister for Mr said the Commission was the \" guardian \" of anti-discrimination laws . He said it was duty-bound to defend them . \" The Equality Commission has statutory duties to uphold the law ,\" the lawyer added . He defended the fact that an out-of-court settlement was not reached . \" It ( the Commission ) can never be allowed to compromise on what it believes is the law ,\" he said . The total cost of the case has yet to be determined . Last week , before the case began , an Equality Commission spokesperson said : \" We can confirm that \u00c2 \u00a3 8,586.60 has been spent on this case to date . \" The final costs will be not known until the case is concluded . \" Outside the court on Monday , , general manager of Ashers , said they were grateful that the case had now concluded . \" We are very thankful to all those who have supported us ,\" he said . \" It has been a stressful time for our family but most of all we are thankful has sustained us through it all and we now await the verdict and the outcome from the judge . \"", "said was allowed to eat with the family and use their swimming pool . Mr , 59 , , 39 , , 36 , and , 34 , deny several offences . They are accused of forcing Mr , 46 , and another man - referred to as Mr K - to work for tiny sums . Mr senior described how he had met when he was 18 , and offered him work . He said Mr , originally from Aberdeen , had stayed in his daughter 's bedroom , then moved to a converted garage with a shower . The court heard that Mr was paid \u00a3 20 a day , which went up to \u00a3 50 as he became a more skilled labourer . Mr senior described how Mr used to buy sweets for the youngest of his children , who called him brother . He denied assaulting Mr during the time he was working with him . The court has previously heard evidence from the alleged victims that they were only paid \u00a3 10 per day or less , sometimes in the form of alcohol or tobacco , were beaten or threatened if they did not do as they were told and were hunted down if they tried to get away . All four defendants deny one count of requiring another person to perform forced or compulsory labour between 2010 and 2013 . , of Rumney , Cardiff , has also pleaded not guilty to eight counts of causing actual bodily harm , four of kidnap and one of conspiracy to kidnap . Elder son , of Rumney , denies kidnapping and conspiracy to kidnap . , also of Rumney , has pleaded not guilty to causing actual bodily harm on a man between 2009 and 2013 . son-in-law , of Trowbridge , also denies one count of kidnap between 2001 and 2002 . The trial continues .", "Police said from the east Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday . A man in his 20s remains in a critical condition in hospital following the incident . It happened on the Annadale Embankment at about 15:00 BST on Friday . Two other people were taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries after the crash . Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .", "The World Rugby Hall of Fame was launched by ex-England and British and Irish Lions captain at Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire . World Cup winners and were among 12 stars inducted in to the \" hall \" . Members of the public will be able to visit from Friday . The World Rugby Hall of Fame was established in 2006 , and absorbed the International Rugby Hall of Fame in 2014 , but has previously never had a physical home . The attraction , which honours players and administrators who have enhanced the game through exceptional achievements , features video archive of rugby matches and memorabilia . The 10 other players inducted in the Hall of Fame were England 's and , 's , and , Scotland 's , Ireland 's , Japan 's , Canada 's and Australia 's . Players , teams , coaches , media and rugby personalities can all be considered for the hall of fame but they need to have been retired from the game for at least three years and have demonstrated rugby 's \" core values \" to be eligible , The sport of rugby is said to have been accidentally invented in 1823 after , a pupil at a public school in Rugby , caught the ball and started running forward with it .", "Lt Col , 46 , will be at the helm at New College to help prepare young British Army officers for their chosen regiments . She said : \" I have to pinch myself really , because it 's an enormous privilege to be in this unique position . \" The academy was founded in 1947 after two older military institutions merged . from Wincanton , Somerset , will oversee the academic programme and the physical training aspects of the intermediate and senior terms of the course . The married mother-of-two said : \" It 's interesting to see people 's reactions in this traditionally male environment . I 'm a mother and wife of a soldier , so I am bound by juggling those domestic considerations as well as delivering a day job , so to speak . \" She said she would \" lead by example \" and encourage permanent staff to \" try and make time for their families \" . During her 24-year career Lt Col has led soldiers on operations and deployments in Bosnia , Iraq , Afghanistan , Sierra Leone , East Timor , South Africa and Northern Ireland She spent two years as the first female Officer Commanding at 47 Air Dispatch Squadron . She said : \" I like to think I was boarded for this appointment because I had the right key skills , knowledge , and experience to be able to do this effectively , as opposed to me being here because I 'm female . \" Although , I recognise that being in this position means I may come across as a role model for our future female officers . \" Famous royals to have trained at Sandhurst include Princes and .", "Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough was targeted on Tuesday by men carrying what were thought to be axes . No-one was injured , and police have not released any details of what was taken . In November , watches , and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen during a raid at the store 's branch in Yarm . A 24-year-old man from Manchester was arrested on 8 January in connection with that robbery and later bailed pending further inquiries . Temporary Det Ch Insp said : \" There are clearly similarities between [ yesterday 's ] robbery and the one that took place in Yarm in November and numerous lines of inquiry are being pursued in both cases . \" Officers would like to speak to anyone who may have seen , or have knowledge of , a silver Citroen C Crosser motor vehicle bearing the registration plates MK60 XCD . \" We believe this vehicle was involved in the [ Middlesbrough ] robbery and it was later discovered abandoned in the car park next to Leader timber merchants on Newport Road , Middlesbrough . \" We would also appeal to local hoteliers and to those who run local bed and breakfast venues to alert us should they have had any guests who may have raised their suspicions over recent days and who may have spoken with a North West accent . \"", "The pair shared a partnership of 187 after and fell in quick succession . 's century was his first in a Championship match and he made 111 before falling lbw to . was dropped on 31 by and was still there on 152 not out at the close , with Middlesex 337-4 . Yorkshire went into the game second in the Division One table , just six points behind leaders Essex , with Middlesex down in sixth place and minus , and , who are all on international duty . The home side , who won the title by beating Yorkshire in the corresponding match last season , opted to bat first after winning the toss and put on 64 for the first wicket with before a thin edge to the keeper off saw him depart for 22 . was bowled by five overs later , but the Yorkshire paceman had crucially been unable to hold onto a low caught-and-bowled chance offered by . The opener was first to three figures following the tea interval , and although departed when he missed an attempted pull to a ball that kept slightly low and was bowled by , he passed 150 with a boundary off - the 18th of his innings - in the final over of play . Middlesex batsman told BBC Radio London : \" It 's about time I did this and also about time I started to score more consistently . That said , I do n't want to take away my natural instinct to play attacking cricket . That 's the balance I have to find . \" Our skipper has given me freedom to go in and play at the same sort of tempo as I would in one-day cricket and transfer that into the red-ball game . \" When the pitches are as flat as they have been at Lord 's it 's a little easier to do that and I 'm glad it came off . \" Yorkshire head coach told BBC Radio Leeds : \" It 's been a tough day , what with the weather and a pitch that 's pretty benign . The lads stuck to their task really well . \" A few nicks fell short and some very close lbw decisions did n't go out way . It was a frustrating day , but I ca n't fault the lads for their efforts . \" We started this game trying to win it and we will pick up by making sure we do n't lose it . \"", "The incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge on Dumbarton Road , near the junction with Cable Depot Road , at about 22:00 on Saturday 10 September . Both boys were described as being white , aged about 14 or 15 and wearing dark-coloured sportswear . One of them had brown hair in a quiff . The woman was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment and later reported the incident to police . Det Sgt , of Police Scotland , said : \" This was a completely unprovoked and senseless attack on this woman , which has left her blind in one eye . The youths responsible must be caught as soon as possible . \" To point a laser pen at someone is highly irresponsible . Extensive inquiries are ongoing to trace the two boys , with officers carrying out inquiries in the local area and studying CCTV footage to identify them . \" He asked anyone with information to contact police .", "was drowned in the bath two days before Christmas at his home . , 65 , of Grimoldby , Lincolnshire , said he drowned in a bath but denies murder . Dr told the jury : \" In over 30 years , this is one of the most callous killings or murders I have been involved with . \" was in Mr 's care at his home while his mother - the defendant 's daughter - was out last December . Giving evidence at Lincoln Crown Court , Dr said his diagnosis of Mr was that he had a psychopathic personality disorder , characterised by a \" callous unconcern for the feelings of others \" and an \" incapacity to experience guilt \" . He said Mr would exaggerate his symptoms and engage in manipulative behaviour to get himself into hospital . But despite his mental condition , Dr - who has dealt with more than 800 homicide cases - said Mr understood what he was doing and that his ability to form a rational judgement was not impaired . He told jurors : \" Although his judgement was abhorrent , immoral and illegal , it was rational . When asked if he was surprised Mr had killed , he replied : \" Yes - I am surprised . \" Earlier in the trial , , defending , asked Mr whether he had drowned his grandson , to which he replied : \" I drowned him in the bath , yes . \" He told the court he drowned because he was angry with the nine-year-old 's mother . The trial continues .", ", 31 , joined the Royals in 2009 and has made 172 appearances since his arrival from Watford . He began his career at Wimbledon in 2001 and having played for West Ham , Cardiff and Crystal Palace , is keen to finish at the Madejski Stadium . \" From my point of view of course I would ,\" told BBC Radio Berkshire . The squad is so strong we have competition in every position and it is something we have to get on with and deal with \" I 've been on record numerous time saying how much I 've enjoyed my time here and some of my best moments as a professional have been with this club . \" But it 's not my decision . All I can do is do as well as I can on the pitch , it is not solely down to me . \" , who captained Reading in the Premier League last season , was on the substitutes' bench for their Championship opener against Ipswich but started at Bolton last weekend . Despite being disappointed at missing out on on a starting spot on the first day of the season , is confident he can be a regular in the team . \" In pre-season you come in and work hard and it is all geared up for that first game ,\" he added . \" So it 's disappointing ( not being selected ) but that is football . The squad is so strong we have competition in every position and it is something we have to get on with and deal with . \" The manager makes a point of saying it bears no meaning on the season , it is just a team to get the job done , and as you get older you see the bigger picture and for us this year it is going to be about every single player . \" It is healthy ( to have competition ) , I do n't think any player should be guaranteed a place . \"", "The building is to be developed on a site between Longman Road and Burnett Road to the north of Burnett Road Police Station . The new centre would allow the courts service to move out of historic Inverness Castle . The Scottish government is to fund the construction of the new two-storey Inverness Justice Centre . The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service has proposed that the centre has six courtrooms . It would also have facilities available for supporting and advising victims and witnesses of domestic abuse , sexual violence and provide \" an environment for problem solving approaches \" to help reduce re-offending and child abuse . Justice Secretary has said the centre would be an important development for the city and the wider Highlands area .", "The Bluebirds are seven points adrift of the Championship play-off places and have been placed under a transfer embargo . has insisted he is still the man to lead the club but says his position is under scrutiny . \" He knows the pressures ; he 's done this job before ,\" said . \" knows the score . I talk to him on a regular basis and he knows what 's ahead . \" He has been here for a while with us and of course his position comes under scrutiny , it always has been . To say it never has been would not be true . \" The jury 's out on every single one of us every time we have to deliver something . \" Cardiff have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League following a breach of Financial Fair Play rules . The Bluebirds have become the fourth Championship club currently under a transfer embargo , joining Bolton , Fulham and Nottingham Forest . The embargo will be in place for the rest of the January transfer window . confirmed he had spoken with club owner but said there would be no talks over a new contract for him this month . The former Leyton Orient manager says is still as committed as ever to the club and denied suggestions the Malaysian 's scaling-back of club finances showed a lack of backing . \" You see bigger clubs building castles and thinking the investment they put in will give them a great chance , but it does n't guarantee it ,\" said . \" You 've got to cut your cloth accordingly . There are rules in place . \" continued : \" You ca n't just go spending \u00a3 5m here or there . Whatever we do it will have to be under financial constraints . \"", "Next was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-booster . The court ruled Next diverted UK profits to foreign subsidiaries to claim tax relief on overseas profits . Such schemes are a way in which firms avoid corporation tax on foreign profits that are then paid back to the UK parent firm . Under rules designed to prevent double taxation of company profits , firms were able to claim credit for tax paid on money they made overseas . But some companies were able to exploit the rules through the creation of artificial arrangements involving what HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) referred to as \" complex circular movements of money between companies in the same group , so they can claim there has been double taxation \" . Known as rate-booster schemes , this enabled companies to avoid corporation tax by diverting profits made in the UK to foreign subsidiaries . The foreign subsidiary then paid tax on those profits - often at a lower rate of corporation tax - before the profits were paid back to the UK parent company . Finally , the UK parent company received credits from HMRC for the tax already paid by its subsidiary . As a result , companies were able to claim far more tax had been paid on their overseas profits than was actually the case . Legal changes in 2005 and 2009 mean rate-booster schemes are no longer possible or attractive , HMRC added . The Next case is the second to reach court , following a 2013 ruling against P & O Ferries , although the firm appealed against the decision and an appeal judgement is outstanding . HMRC said about \u00a3 130m in tax was at stake across 20 rate-booster cases , which were awaiting the P & O and Next decisions . About 70 rate-boosters have already been conceded by companies that wanted to avoid going to court . This has brought in more than \u00a3 500m in tax , it added . HMRC 's director general of business tax , , said : \" This case shows how HMRC takes effective action against big businesses that try to avoid paying tax through convoluted , artificial avoidance schemes . HMRC expects all businesses to steer well clear of such schemes . \" In a statement , Next said it had paid the tax owed to HMRC \" some years ago \" and that this had been fully accounted for at the time . The retailer described the dispute between itself and HMRC as \" a technical debate around complex legislation \" which had now been superseded . It added that current UK law generally allowed companies to \" repatriate their profits without a tax charge \" .", "The \" bemusement park \" at a derelict seaside lido in Weston-super-Mare attracted thousands of visitors when it opened last summer . Other awards nominees include electronica band Years and Years and the BBC Two adaptation of Wolf Hall . The winners will be announced at a ceremony , hosted by Lord , at London 's Savoy Hotel on 5 June . Now celebrating their 20th anniversary , the awards honour \" the very best of British culture and achievement \" . Banksy competes in the visual art category against for Magna Carta ( An Embroidery ) at The British Library and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye : Verses After Dusk at the Serpentine Gallery . Historical drama Wolf Hall is joined in the TV drama category alongside Channel 4 's Humans and Doctor Foster ( BBC One ) . In the pop category , , Years and Years , and Sleaford Mods go head to head . The film category features Ex Machina , 45 Years and Brooklyn , while the theatre contenders are Oresteia , People , Places and Things and Hangmen . said the South Bank Sky Arts Awards were a \" freeze-frame on a unique moment in British cultural history \" . He added : \" This is the 20th of these annual awards and a ripple through the records shows an extraordinary tapestry of talent , ever-changing but always the same in its high quality . \" 2016 FULL LIST OF NOMINEES", "Last year , , 37 , of Aviemore , had surgery to remove the tumour close to his spine . He told BBC Radio Scotland that the MRI scan he was shown earlier this week was the first scan since 2013 not to show a tumour . said it was better than winning gold at the London Paralympics in 2012 . The athlete won the medal in rowing . Following that success he has been training to compete in cycling . However , the tumour had affected that pursuit and even risked crushing his spine and stopping him from breathing . said he had been dreading the results of his latest MRI scan , fearing it would still show the tumour . He said : \" I almost passed out . I thought I was going to be sick and I did n't even want to look at the scan . \" After being shown the scan the athlete said he went through a \" rollercoaster of emotions \" . He said : \" It took two or three hours for it to sink in . When it did sink in I was on the train home and I just started crying . \"", "Honda Racing team bosses have confirmed that 's highly anticipated return to the event is not to be . crashed at the Isle of Man TT in June while the Honda machine has suffered mechanical problems this year . \" Naturally I 'm disappointed but it 's not surprising given the difficulties the team has experienced ,\" said UGP clerk of the course . He added : \" I had hoped for a different outcome as is obviously a big fan favourite , and he 's never made any secret in the past of his love for the circuit , which after all is the international where he 's had the most success over the years . \" I 'm sure the decision has n't been taken lightly by him or the team and I wish well , whatever the next step in his career may be . \" Putting this news aside , I 'm very happy with the strength of this year 's entry . We 've seen some incredible performances this season from the likes of , and in particular , and I 've no doubt they will bring the same spectacular form to Dundrod . \" Everyone will be there trying to end their season on a high , and the field is wide open - I think we could see a few dark horses in the mix and ready to make their mark at the world 's fastest road race . \"", "The price fell below 4.8 euros in early trading , before recovering to above 5 euros by late afternoon . Carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions , as companies have to pay to emit C02 . A sharp drop in demand for energy has led to a massive oversupply of permits . Critics of the EU 's Emissions Trading System also argue that the European Union issued too many permits in the first place . The EU has proposed freezing up to 900 million permits to tackle this oversupply . \" There are too many permits because of the recession ,\" said , spokesman for EU Climate Commissioner . The price of carbon recovered slightly on Monday after demand for an auction of 3.5 million permits was stronger than expected . A weak carbon price undermines efforts to reduce C02 emissions . The price of carbon needs to be a good deal higher than 5 euros - some believe between 25 and 30 euros - to provide an adequate incentive for companies to cut emissions and invest in cleaner technologies , experts say . The carbon market is central to Europe 's efforts to meet its climate change target of a 20 % reduction in C02 emissions from 1990 levels by 2020 .", "The contractor , Smartty 's Management Limited , has been asked to return the excess payment , the government said . On Wednesday , Transport Minister resigned following a public outcry over the deal . Ghana is struggling with a large budget deficit and a widening public debt . The branding involved respraying the 116 imported passenger buses and adding portraits of the current President , his three immediate predecessors and Ghana 's first head of state , . A proper procurement method was \" not followed and the contract did not ensure value for money ,\" the government said after a review by Attorney General . Opposition and anti-corruption campaigners have raised concerns over the amount spent , which they said was far too much , forcing the presidency to set up an investigation . The BBC 's in the capital , Accra , says many people think the government is not doing enough to tackle budget mismanagement . They want to see people being charged for causing financial loss to the state , he adds . Mrs 's resignation is the first by a Ghanaian minister in more than a decade and comes amid efforts by the government to cut spending as it implements a three-year International Monetary Fund plan to restore fiscal stability . Earlier this week , Mr banned public officials , including ministers , from first class air travel and he suspended non-essential trips .", "The raids came a day after it emerged a Frenchman was being held by police investigating the murder of three people at the Brussels Jewish Museum . , 29 , was arrested at a station in Marseille on Friday . Prosecutors say he has claimed responsibility for the attack and spent more than a year in Syria . Interior Minister told Europe 1 radio on Monday : \" There are people who recruit jihadists . There are as I 'm speaking arrests being made . \" \" We are acting everywhere . There will be no respite in the fight against terrorists . \" There is no suggestion of a link between the four arrests on Monday and the detention of Mr during a random check on a coach arriving from Amsterdam in southern France on Friday . But Mr is said to have had links with radical Islamists and served five years in jail in France for robbery before being released in December 2012 . When he was arrested , he had with him a Kalashnikov rifle and a handgun believed to have been used in the attack , the Paris prosecutor said . He was also said to have had a white sheet emblazoned with the name of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , a jihadist group fighting in Syria , and a camera with a 40-second video showing the two guns and a voice recording , claiming responsibility for the killings . Speaking on French radio station RTL on Monday , the head of French Jewish association CRIF , , called for more resources to be given to the foreign intelligence service , the DGSE , to track militants returning to France from Syria . He feared \" they would become 700 time bombs when they return \" , referring to the estimated number of French-born jihadists in Syria . Belgium has requested Mr 's extradition from France and police have to decide whether to extend his detention until Thursday . Three people died when a gunman opened fire at the museum in the busy Sablon area of the Belgian capital on 24 May. They were an Israeli couple in their 50s , and a French female volunteer . A Belgian man , believed to be an employee of the museum , was critically injured .", ", grew up in Portadown , County Armagh , but worked at the University of Bradford . He died at the age of 49 on Tuesday night . He was in charge of the team that recovered the remains of in 2008 and in 2010 . Mr 's daughter recognised his dedication . \" I remember him as an awfully nice man who was so good to our family . He worked tirelessly in the most dreadful conditions to find my father ,\" she said . \" May he rest in peace . \" Mr had previously described it as a \" privilege \" to lead searches for the Disappeared and said their success had far outstripped predictions at the start of the process . , the chief forensic scientist and investigator with the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains ( ICLVR ) , said : \" began work with the ICLVR in 2006 and with his great knowledge and experience made a huge contribution to our work . \" Searching for the Disappeared in bleak and inhospitable places requires a special kind of dedication and commitment as well as great skill and that is what had in abundance . \" Seventeen people - 16 men and a woman - were abducted and murdered by republicans between 1972 and 2003 . The ICLVR was established in 1999 to obtain information in strictest confidence that may lead to the location of the remains of the Disappeared . The bodies of 10 people have been recovered . , from the Wave Trauma Centre , which has supported the families of the Disappeared since 1995 , said : \" had a way of humanising the science which helped families understand more clearly what was being done to find their loved ones . \" There was a bond between and the families and that is reflected today in the number of them who have contacted Wave to express their shock and sorrow . \" A spokesman for the University of Bradford said staff and students had been left shocked by the tragedy . \" was an incredibly motivated , loyal and reliable individual ,\" he said . \" He inspired and supported hundreds of students in archaeological sciences , he supported the local community in West Yorkshire in so many ways and he achieved a life 's ambition in helping to ameliorate the pain and suffering of families of the Disappeared . \" This is a very sad time for staff and students at the University of Bradford , both present and past . \"", "Energy firm Island Gas Limited ( IGas ) wants to carry out test drilling on Springs Road , in Misson , Bassetlaw . Campaign group Bassetlaw Against Fracking said the drilling operation would be \" devastating \" for wildlife . Nottinghamshire County Council said the application did not include proposals for hydraulic fracturing - better known as fracking . IGas has applied to carry out test drilling to check the suitability of the rock for shale gas extraction , through fracking . A separate application would have to be made to carry out fracking . IGas plans to develop one vertical exploratory shale gas well , drilling for about 14 weeks , and possibly a second horizontal well , drilling for about 19 weeks . During drilling , operations would take place 24 hours a day . The authority said at the project 's peak there would be an average of 18 heavy goods vehicles and 10 light vehicles visiting the site each day . , campaign group chairman , said : \" We object to the 24 hour a day drilling for several months . The noise of this operation and the vibration will have a devastating effect upon the wildlife . \" , planning manager for the county council , said : \" If permission is granted , the test drilling would allow IGas to evaluate the potential resource of shale gas trapped beneath the surface . \" Depending on the results of the test drilling , IGas may , or may not , seek permission to extract the shale gas using fracking , but that would require a separate planning application which would be subject to further consultation . \" Before this stage of the exploration process , the company is required to monitor methane levels in groundwater for 12 months . A separate application has been submitted , which is yet to be considered .", "Officials say the photo of Ms in The Star newspaper was \" an insult to Islam \" . The paper has apologised . The Grammy-award winner was due to perform on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur and is said to be dismayed at the news . Muslim-majority Malaysia has previously warned other international artists to dress modestly for their concerts . Tattoos are forbidden in Islam and using the word \" \" in a way deemed disrespectful offends many Muslims . The photo of Ms with several words in Arabic and Hebrew written on her body features prominently on her official fan site . It is not clear whether Ms 's body art is permanent . The Culture , Arts and Heritage Ministry says it was not aware of the tattoos when it initially approved the concert , the BBC 's in Kuala Lumpur reports . Some Muslims began protesting after The Star published the photo . Now the culture ministry says it is justified in banning 's concert because it breaches religious sensitivities and cultural values . Information Minister said a government committee had decided to cancel the show because Ms 's body art was \" an insult to Islam and a very serious offence \" . According to the statement , the body art \" triggered public criticism that could jeopardise national security and cause a negative impact to the government 's image \" . Concert organisers are in touch with officials and hope the cancellation will be reversed , the Associated Press news agency reports . , 41 , had already arrived in Malaysia . She is \" worried and dismayed \" over the incident , according to the concert organiser . The Home Ministry has asked The Star to explain why it published the photo . The Star has already apologised , saying its inclusion in Monday 's edition was \" inadvertent \" . \" We deeply regret any offence caused to Muslims and sincerely apologise for the oversight ,\" the paper said on Tuesday .", "The 's ridley turtle was one of two found on beaches near Formby , Merseyside , and Cumbria 's Walney Island on 22 December . The reptile found in Merseyside died soon after , but the other was being looked after at the Lake District Coast Aquarium in Maryport . Aquarium owner said it had struggled to feed itself . The turtles were believed to be from the Gulf of Mexico 5,000 miles ( 8,000 km ) away and were among a small number which washed up on British and European shores last month . Mr told BBC Cumbria : \" We thought we had a 50 / 50 chance , which would 've improved if it had started feeding . \" It was getting some sustenance in other ways but not really enough to recover . \" We were following a strict agreed protocol arrived at after consultation with vets here and in other countries - people who have experience of this species of turtle . \" The turtle , possibly aged about 20 , is now with a specialist vet who will determine the cause of death . Source : World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF )", "joins the Super League champions with immediate effect for an undisclosed fee , signing a contract until the end of 2018 . He was presented to the crowd during the half-time interval of Wigan 's 48-4 defeat of Widnes on Wednesday . The 27-year-old played three Tests for the England rugby union side in 2013 . Media playback is not supported on this device \" I 'd like to thank Saracens for the opportunity to try a different sport , a different lifestyle and also for assisting my development which allowed me to represent my country ,\" told Wigan 's website . \" However , after a long thought-out process and at this stage in my life , I realised that the timing was right to come home . \" I am very grateful to Wigan Warriors for taking me back to the best rugby club in the world . It means everything to me to pull on the famous cherry and white jersey again . \" , who made his Wigan debut as an 18-year-old , joined Saracens at the end of the 2011 season , shortly after scoring a stunning try in the Challenge Cup final win over Leeds . He is currently recovering from a back injury and is not expected to be fit for about four weeks . His decision to return to rugby league is a boost for the sport , after England international switched codes and agreed a move to Bath for next season . 's younger brother swapped Wigan for NRL side New Zealand Warriors at the end of last season , after helping the club to a Super League and Challenge Cup double . Media playback is not supported on this device", ", a product of the club 's academy , has made 18 appearances for the Owls in all competitions . The 21-year-old had a loan spell with then-League One side Barnsley in 2015 , making two appearances . \" I 'm delighted to sign for the club long term , it 's great that the club believe in me and see me as part of the future ,\" he told the club website .", ", 25 , scored 25 goals in the National League last season , helping the Bluebirds to a mid-table finish . He returned to Holker Street after a stint at Grimsby in July 2014 . \" The lad wants to play League football and I ca n't and wo n't have a go at players who want to play at a higher level ,\" told BBC Radio Cumbria . \" There are clubs at our level who have come in for him , but his agent has categorically said he does n't want to sign for another Conference club . \" It 's one we might need to be patient on . \"", "The cub will be the first giant panda to be born in Hong Kong . Earlier this year , 10-year-old mated naturally and was also artificially inseminated . However , the staff at Ocean Park are unsure which method has resulted in the successful pregnancy . was sent to mainland China 's Sichuan province this spring to take part in a breeding programme . The 100kg female - described by the park as \" inquisitive , active and vigilant \" - attempted to mate naturally with two male pandas on five different occasions and one of the attempts was deemed successful . But to improve the chances of a viable pregnancy , was also artificially inseminated . Repeated ultrasound scans in late September confirmed she was carrying a foetus , Ocean Park officials said . Two panda maternity specialists have travelled to Hong Kong from Sichuan to provide pre - and post-natal support and the park 's executive director of zoological operations said she was \" cautiously optimistic \" about the birth . Panda reproduction is a notoriously difficult process , with females only ovulating once a year . It is common for giant pandas to re-absorb the foetus into the womb in the late stages of pregnancy . The gestation period is typically five months and one or two cubs are usually born .", "Dozens of others remain in critical condition after the fire , apparently caused by fireworks set off by a heavy metal band . Officials say it is possible the number of fatalities could double . The news came as thousands marched silently through the Romanian capital in memory of the victims . People carried flowers and lit candles at a memorial outside the nightclub . Romanian President has said safety regulations seem to have been ignored at the club . The fire broke out at about 23:00 local time ( 21:00 GMT ) on Friday at the Colectiv club , which was hosting a free rock concert by the band Goodbye to Gravity . Up to 400 people are thought to have been inside . Survivors say the fireworks caused the ceiling and a pillar to catch fire and produce heavy smoke . A stampede for the exit followed . More than 140 people are being treated in hospital , some with severe burns . On Sunday officials said all of the dead had been identified . Romania has declared three days of national mourning .", ", 44 , also known as \" \" , was found dead at a house on Ropery Road , Gainsborough , on 1 August . , 51 , of Greystones Road , denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter . Prosecutors accepted her plea . She was remanded in custody at Lincoln Crown Court ahead of sentencing on 21 December . The court heard Mr had been out for the day at Market Rasen races before returning to Gainsborough and visiting pubs in the town .", ", of Ulverston , Cumbria , suffered severe brain damage following a \" traumatic \" birth at Furness General Hospital , Barrow , in April 2007 . In 2012 , Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust admitted staff negligence . At London 's High Court earlier it was ruled the trust will pay a tax-free sum every year for the rest of 's life . Mr ruled the organisation must pay an index-linked amount starting at \u00a3 225,000 and rising to \u00a3 290,000 when she turns 18 . While admitting it was at fault , the trust had disputed the value of the claim for damages . It has been providing financial assistance to the family since 2012 . , now eight , is totally immobile and dependent on being fed through a tube . The court was told she is at constant risk of hypothermia as she cannot control her body temperature . Despite her immobility , she suffers muscle spasms that leave her \" screaming inconsolably at the top of her voice for hours \" . Painkillers do not stop the pain , which can only be quelled by immersion in a hydrotherapy pool . 's father now works in London and the settlement includes \u00a3 1.6m to buy a family home in Richmond . Further money will be needed to adapt it to Ayla 's needs and install a hydrotherapy pool . The judge awarded a \u00a3 295,000 lump sum for 's pain , suffering and disability and he paid tribute to her parents for the \" calm and intelligent way \" they had dealt with the tragedy . Trust medical director said : \" We are very sorry for the harm caused to and the distress caused to her family as a result of the issues arising from her birth . \" The injuries she suffered are very severe and a tragedy for her and her family . Her parents have had to cope with extraordinary pressures in looking after her . \"", "Judge said Leicester City Council had not undertaken a \" robust risk assessment \" of the boy 's great-great-uncle who had been jailed for sexual abuse . The city 's family court heard the nine-year-old had a \" complex \" home life . The judge said the boy should be placed into foster care . A city council spokesman said the child has already been moved to an \" appropriate placement . \" The judge explained in a written ruling the boy 's mother had mental health problems and separated from his father several years ago and was now in a lesbian relationship . His father has dwarfism , an alcohol problem and had been convicted of having unlawful sex with a 16-year-old girl when he was 21 . Updates from this story and more from Leicestershire The boy had been living in the care of his great-great-uncle , who was in his 70s , who had been given an eight-year jail term in the early 1990s . He had admitted unlawful sexual intercourse and a serious sexual offence with his niece when she was aged between 11 and 13 . Judge said the man had been released on licence after serving five years and was assessed as \" low risk \" . The concerns were raised after the judge was asked to make decisions about the long-term future of the boy at the hearing . He said the council had lacked \" any sense of urgency \" in bringing the case to the attention of a family court judge . A city council spokesman said : \" This case does not appear to have been handled appropriately , or with the urgency required , and our own review is under way . \" We have already put in place new systems to improve and oversee the way assessments are carried out , and further work is under way to ensure court proceedings are expedited . \" The judge also ruled that none of those involved in the case could be identified .", "The country 's Privacy Protection Commission accused Facebook of dodging questions from European regulators . Internet users were also urged to install privacy software to stop Facebook tracking them , regardless of whether they had accounts with it . The social network said it complied with data protection law and questioned the Belgian watchdog 's authority . The commission attacked Facebook after trying to find out more about its practices . \" Facebook tramples on European and Belgian privacy laws ,\" it said after publishing a report analysing changes that the company made to its privacy policies in January . In a statement , it said that Facebook has refused to recognise Belgian and other EU national jurisdictions , insisting it was subject only to the law in Ireland , the site of its European headquarters . \" Facebook has shown itself particularly miserly in giving precise answers ,\" the watchdog said , adding that the results of its study were \" disconcerting \" . The body , which was working with its German , Dutch , French and Spanish counterparts , said that Facebook would not explain in detail how it used data it collected . A Facebook spokeswoman questioned the Belgians' authority but said it would review the study 's recommendations with the Irish data protection commissioner . \" We work hard to make sure people have control over what they share and with whom . \" Facebook is already regulated in Europe and complies with European data protection law , so the applicability of the [ commission 's ] efforts is unclear ,\" she said . This is the second damning report this year on Facebook 's use of data from the Belgian Privacy Commission . In February , it said it placed \" too much burden \" on users to navigate its complex settings .", "The drama , which focuses of the lives of the aristocratic family and their servants , will go into production next year . This is in addition to the special one-off episode which will air at Christmas . Created by writer , who is set to return for the next series , the show first aired in 2010 . \" It is fantastic that Downton continues to be such a phenomenon - still the most popular drama on ITV in its fifth series - and we are thrilled to have commissioned a sixth series ,\" said , ITV 's director of drama commissioning . \" We do n't know yet what has planned , but we are looking forward to working with him , the fantastic cast and Carnival again , and have no doubt series six will be unmissable . \" Producers have yet to confirm the full cast . Earlier this week , who plays , talked to Newsbeat about some of the celebrities , including and , who are said to be fans of the show . \" It 's only a matter of time before they are on the show ,\" joked about the pair . \" and [ United States Secretary of State ] are fans of the show too . \" To have them like the show as well as trying to run countries and economies is great . \" The fifth series of Downton Abbey ends on Sunday 9 November . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube", "Mr dismissed reports of angry rows between the two as \" tittle tattle \" although he jokingly acknowledged he occasionally swore . Mrs said she was \" focused on 8 June \" . Mr and Mrs were speaking at a press conference they arranged to attack Labour 's election manifesto . Taking questions from journalists after claiming Labour 's pledges created a multibillion pound \" black hole \" , they were asked about reports of a rift between their offices since the U-turn over National Insurance in March 's Budget . Asked by BBC political editor whether they would \" still be neighbours \" after the general election - the chancellor 's official residence is 11 Downing Street - Mrs said : \" I think it 's true to say that the chancellor and I and every other member of my team are focused on 8 June . \" She was also pressed to give an endorsement of her chancellor , replying that she was \" very happy to do so \" . \" As says , we have worked together for many years ,\" she said . \" Longer than we would care to identify - that 's an age-related comment , nothing else . \" Mr said he and Mrs worked \" very closely together \" . He added : \" What I candidly admitted - and my family will confirm this - is I do occasionally swear . \" This morning the chancellor 's admission that he sometimes swears , as he sought to play down reports of rows with Team May , wo n't have helped . Nor will the PM twice refusing to say he would still be her chancellor if she is elected . She did , at the third time of asking give him her endorsement . And moving him after the election if the Tories win would be a dramatic and risky move . But this morning 's excursion wo n't have helped relations between the two addresses . Read 's blog", "The US network said it was \" not an easy decision \" and had \" enormous respect \" for its creators and cast . Set in the 1970s , the series told of a charismatic record executive trying to revive his struggling label . Its ensemble cast included in the lead role , as his wife and Sir 's son as a rebellious British singer . Sir and were among the show 's executive producers , with the latter directing its pilot episode . The series premiere in February was watched by 764,000 viewers , though the average audience subsequently dipped to 650,000 . \" After careful consideration , we have decided not to proceed with a second season of Vinyl ,\" HBO said in a statement . \" We have enormous respect for the creative team and cast for their hard work and passion on this project . \" , another actor in the cast , told an Australian newspaper on Thursday the cancellation felt like \" a knife in the guts \" . , meanwhile , thanked her Twitter followers for their \" kind words \" and said she had been part of \" something special \" .", "In its annual report , the charity said its local workers carried out a total of 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015 / 16 . The callers considered most at risk were aged between 12 and 15 . Across the UK as whole , the number of calls from suicidal children almost doubled from the total five years ago . The figure show that youngsters plagued by suicidal thoughts contacted Childline 19,481 times throughout the UK last year - an average of one call every 30 minutes . The charity also said girls were more likely to seek its help than boys . , a senior supervisor with Childline Northern Ireland , said suicidal thoughts were a result of the \" pressures that young people are under \" . \" They might have poor mental health , they might be feeling pressure from school , pressure within the family ,\" she said . \" When they come to us , what we 've noticed is that , on average , one child in Northern Ireland contacts Childline each day who is feeling suicidal . \" One 17-year-old girl who contacted the charity last year said she was having difficulties coping at college and finding the lessons \" a struggle \" . \" In the past , I 've had to take some time off because I 've been suffering with mental health problems ,\" the caller told Childline staff . \" Sometimes I feel so stressed and useless ; I just have to walk out . \" I sometimes feel like I want to die . \" Childline Northern Ireland 's service manager , , said : \" We need to understand that there are children and young people living in Northern Ireland that are experiencing significant mental health problems , self-esteem issues , isolation and feelings of worthlessness . \" These are children who have very little support and who very often feel that life is simply not worth living . \"", "The new boathouse , which will replace the existing building on Foreshore Road , will be home to a new \u00a3 2m class lifeboat . The Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) said building work would begin in autumn and take a year to finish . Plans were approved by Scarborough Borough Council 's planning and development committee . RNLI divisional operations manager said : \" We 're delighted that the plans have been approved today and this heralds an exciting new era in Scarborough RNLI 's rich and long lifesaving history . \" The lifeboat station will be funded from various RNLI sources including legacies , donations and fundraising activities . The Shannon class lifeboat will replace Scarborough 's current Mersey class lifeboat in 2016 . , Scarborough RNLI lifeboat operations manager , said : \" While it will be a shame to say a fond farewell to our existing facilities , which have served us admirably over the decades , it 's time to look to the future . \" Plans for the lifeboat station were approved despite a number of objections from local residents who claimed the building would not \" blend in with existing buildings \" , with one branding it a \" monstrosity \" .", "The 30-year-old , excluded from the World Championships by USA Swimming after a drink-drive conviction , won in one minute 54.75 seconds in Texas . , an 18-time Olympic champion , also recorded the year 's fastest times to win the 100m and 200m butterfly . won world 200m individual medley gold in 1:55.81 on Thursday . American , 31 , also holds the world record for the event of 1:54.00 , which he swam in 2011 . \" and I have been pretty dominant in that race since we started racing back in 2004 ,\" said . \" I 'm looking forward to getting back in and competing with him . \" I 've been away from the sport for a while and I feel like I 'm kind of back where I used to be . It 's good to be here . \" On Saturday , won the 100m butterfly in 50.45 seconds , faster than the 50.56 South African swam to win world gold on the same day . A day earlier , won the American 200m butterfly title in one minute 52.94 seconds in San Antonio - 0.54secs faster than Hungary 's swam in winning the world title in Kazan , Russia . , who was convicted of drink-driving in December and served a six-month ban from competition , now has a record 55 national titles .", "The man , of 23 , is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving over the collision on the A500 at about 04:45 BST . The two men who died , both aged 22 , were from the north Staffordshire area , police said . Part of the southbound carriageway was closed for seven hours after the crash at Cliffe Vale , a spokesman said . The road has since reopened . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said it quickly became apparent to crews arriving at the scene \" that nothing could be done to save two men that were in the car \" . They were confirmed dead at the scene . A third man \" was treated for multiple minor injuries \" and taken to Royal Stoke University Hospital . Anyone with any information about the collision is urged to call police on 101 .", "Protesters have been on the the streets since 's death on 19 April - a week after a police encounter where he sustained unexplained injuries . Shops have been looted and objects thrown at police , injuring several officers . It was the first time in the history of professional baseball that fans had been locked out of a game . The game at Camden Yards started at 14:05 EDT due to the city 's 22:00 curfew in the wake of the riots , with Baltimore winning 8-2 . Among the few able to witness the match were those who had paid for balcony rooms in the nearby Hilton Hotel , which overlooks the stadium . Journalists accredited to cover the game reported that the voices of players on the infield could be heard clearly . \" Attention media : For record-keeping purposes , today 's official paid attendance is ... zero ,\" an announcement made over the press box public address system said . Other reports said the stadium still played the traditional US baseball anthem - Take Me Out To The Ballgame - during the traditional seventh-inning stretch . The Orioles and Major League Baseball officials had said the decision to shut out fans had been taken for safety reasons . But , one of the 40 spectators gathered by a fence near the stadium 's main gate , said it was a missed opportunity and held up a sign reading \" Do n't forget Freddie Gray \" . Six police officers have been suspended following 's death and an internal investigation is under way . On Sunday , more than 1,000 protesters were on the streets of Baltimore and at least 12 arrests made . , who was 25 , is the latest of a series of black Americans to die in police custody in recent months , triggering angry protests accusing the police of brutality .", "The Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash at Pandy on the main road between Abergavenny and Hereford at about 15:10 BST . The A465 Hereford Road has been shut in both directions but it was expected to reopen on Thursday evening .", "The company had been chosen by KPMG as preferred bidders last month . , which went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs , will be renamed Ferguson Marine Engineering . Mr has promised to upgrade facilities at the Port Glasgow yard and seek work in the renewables sector . He also hopes to grow the workforce from its pre-administration level of 77 to 120 people . Joint administrator said : \" It is extremely pleasing to secure the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in such a short timeframe and to buyers who can see the potential in the business and its skilled workforce . \" We would like to thank those employees , and all parties with an interest in Ferguson Shipbuilders , including various government agencies , for their patience and support during this period . \" We would also like to wish Clyde Blowers Capital every success for the future . \" As new owners they have an ambitious vision to build on its heritage and grow a successful shipbuilding and marine engineering business on the Clyde . \" Mr said : \" We are pleased to have completed the purchase of Ferguson 's and are excited by its potential to grow into a leading marine engineering business . \" He added : \" Work is now well underway to develop a plan to rebuild 's , and we look forward to working with the key stakeholders in that rebuilding process . \"", ", 35 , saw the two 16-year-olds hugging in the street in Newham , east London , in April and demanded to know if they were Muslims . Southwark Crown Court heard the Muslim convert then called the girl a \" whore \" , before throwing the boy to the ground . also attacked a passing teacher who had tried to help the couple . Judge said the two children had denied they were Muslim when challenged by . \" Why ? Because they were frightened of what you would do if they told you the truth , that they were in fact Muslim ,\" said . He added : \" At the time of these offences you either held extremist views or views that were getting very close to extremist views . \" had admitted \" shoving \" the boy - who is half his size - claiming he was acting in self-defence , but was convicted in August of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and battery . The court heard the father of two was radicalised in prison by al-Qaeda terrorist in 2007 while serving an eight-year term for firing a shotgun at police during an arrest . was also convicted of religiously aggravated harassment in 2013 after seeing a Muslim woman talking to a group of men and telling her that it was against Islam . The defendant , also known as , became a close associate of convicted hate preacher , founder of the banned organisation al-Muhajiroun , of which was a member . Prosecutor read a victim impact statement from the boy . \" He feels the offence has affected his life quite a lot ,\" said . \" He does n't see his friends outside of school . \" He has also split up with the girl who was his girlfriend at the time . \"", "It reveals that those aged 60 and over are the fastest growing population in English and Welsh prisons , with an increase of 146 % between 2002 and 2014 . Those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing group , says the report . The government said it was \" committed to providing suitable facilities \" . The report comes as Prisons Minister is due to give evidence on older prisoners to the Commons justice select committee . Longer sentences mean more people are growing frail in prison , but high rates of social and support needs are unmet , says the trust . Two in five prisoners over 50 now have a disability of some kind , the report added . Trust director said : \" In the last few years , prison has been reduced to a punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars . \" Prisons are less safe and less decent than they were even a year ago when we published our last report . \" An incoming administration of government in May 2015 must not accept this deterioration in prison standards and conditions as the new normal . \" Although the prison population stands at around 84,500 in England and Wales - 20 % higher than it was 12 years ago - the National Offender Management Service has had to make more than \u00c2 \u00a3 700m in savings over the last three years and is expected cut a further \u00c2 \u00a3 149m in 2014-15 . The proportion of prisons whose performance is \" of concern \" or \" of serious concern \" according to the National Offender Management Service has risen from 13 % in 2012-13 , to 23 % in 2013-14 . Prisons minister , said : \" We 're committed to providing suitable facilities and ensuring individual healthcare needs are met , as well as working alongside charities such as Age UK and Recoop to ensure older offenders are rehabilitated . \" From April next year , local authorities will be responsible for care and support for prisoners meaning that , for the first time , we will have a social care service working alongside the healthcare already provided in prisons by the NHS . \"", "The incident happened on the Whiterock Road at about 15:00 GMT on Friday afternoon . Police said it was witnessed by people waiting to pick up prescriptions , including children . The man has been charged with two counts of criminal damage , disorderly behaviour and of assault on police . He is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates Court on 5 December .", "Many more are feared trapped under rubble after hundreds of buildings collapsed . Thousands of people have been forced to take refuge in temporary shelters and mosques . Some have been left homeless after their houses were destroyed , others have fled their homes amid fears of aftershocks and a possible tsunami . Rescue workers used diggers to remove rubble in their search efforts overnight on Wednesday . Others used their bare hands and shovels to find people . A few survivors were pulled out alive on Wednesday . More than 200 buildings were either seriously damaged or toppled in the earthquake . The Pidie Jaya region , on the north Aceh coast , was the hardest hit . The tremor hit just offshore early on Wednesday morning . Many of the homes in the area have corrugated tin roofs which collapsed . Hundreds have also been rushed to the sole functioning hospital , which has been overwhelmed by patients . Banda Aceh , the provincial capital , was one of the worst hit areas by the 2004 tsunami , caused by a massive earthquake .", "Armagh defender and Louth 's were sent-off early in the game . Goals from and helped Armagh to a 2-5 to 0-6 half-time lead and added the third . Antrim eased their relegation worries with netting in a 1-10 to 0-11 win against Laois , who had red-carded before half-time . scored two points at Corrigan Park as the Saffrons moved into an early 0-4 to 0-1 lead , but and were on target as Louth levelled . The decisive period in the game came just before the break with 's goal and the dismissal of . Antrim led 1-5 to 0-6 at half-time but Laois levelled on the restart thanks to points from and . restored the host 's advantage only for to make it all-square again . slotted over three of Antrim 's final four points as they edged clear to clinch a valuable win to leave the Ulster side sixth in the standings . \" If we did n't get the two points from this game we would be up against it ,\" said Antrim joint-manager . \" led by example with pressure frees and we got over the line - we must push on now . \" There was a dramatic opening at the Gaelic Grounds with red-carded after 50 seconds followed by 's goal and the exit of on 10 minutes . The Orchard visitors made a blistering start , surging to a 2-3 to 0-1 lead with firing in the second goal . Louth pair and each scored three first-half points and the Division Three pacesetters trailed 2-5 to 0-6 at the break . Armagh banged over seven of the opening eight points at the start of second half to kill off Louth hopes . split the posts twice to take his tally to five points and three came from , who also converted a late penalty . Armagh are third but just a point behind Louth and new leaders Tipperary . Orchard forward scored four points and he was happy with his team 's display . \" We were under pressure to keep our promotion hopes alive and it was up to us to put in a performance ,\" he said . \" It was a mad start and these things happen in games but we responded well with a goal and we were in good shape at half-time . \"", ", a 56-year-old yoga teacher , says she has lived in the capital for 30 years and seen her health deteriorate . However , it became worse than ever when pollution in Paris hit record levels last December . Her lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 French deaths per year . \" We are taking the state to task because we think the medical problems that pollution victims suffer are as a result of the authorities' lack of action in tackling air pollution ,\" Fran\u00c3 \u00a7 ois told Le Monde newspaper . More cases would be brought in the coming weeks , in Lyon , Lille and elsewhere , he added . Paris has struggled for years to combat high levels of smog and the authorities have introduced fines for any vehicle not carrying a \" Crit'Air \" emissions category sticker - part of a scheme to promote lower-emitting vehicles . Several routes in the capital now have restrictions on car use and a 3km ( 1.8-mile ) stretch of the Right Bank of the River Seine has become pedestrianised . Ms says she has led a healthy life , first as a dancer and more recently as a yoga teacher , but has increasingly suffered from respiratory problems , ranging from chronic asthma to pneumonia . When pollution hit the worst levels for a decade last December , her existing bronchial condition prompted an acute pericarditis attack . \" The doctor treating me says Paris air is so polluted that we 're breathing rotten air . She has other patients like me , including children and babies too . My cardiologist says the same ,\" she told the France Info website .", "Earlier this week , he refused to answer the question of whether he believed homosexual sex was a sin . But he told the BBC 's he was \" passionate about LGBT-plus rights \" and defending equal marriage would be \" at the top of my agenda \" . He also said he wanted to extend the marital rights of transgender people . Appearing on Channel 4 News on Friday , Mr , who beat to the leadership , was asked three times if he believed homosexual sex was a sin . Each time , he refused to give a direct answer , instead choosing to say \" my firm belief is we are all sinners \" . Mr was asked by why he voted against the Equality Bill in 2007 - a law which would have made it harder for businesses to discriminate against gay people . \" Let me be crystal clear , I 'm a liberal and I absolutely support equality ,\" he replied . \" I 'm passionate about LGBT-plus rights , for example , and as the leader of a liberal party , that is something that will be at the top of my agenda throughout the time that I am leader of our party . \" Not just defending the law on equal marriage , but also saying there are areas where it needs to be extended . \" Mr said transgender people currently did not have equal access to marriage due to something known as the spousal veto - which means the husband or wife of someone who has changed gender must give their consent in order for the marriage to continue . He said the Lib Dems tabled an amendment to the Equality Bill because of concerns about \" protection of individual liberties \" and when that was defeated he voted against the bill . He did not answer directly when asked what those concerns were , but said : \" I am absolutely in favour of equal access under law for all people whatever their sexuality . \"", "wants the court to order the Irish Data Protection Commissioner to audit Facebook to see what material it passes on to the US authorities . The privacy watchdog had previously said the transfers were protected under the Safe Harbour trade agreement . But a fortnight ago the European Court of Justice ruled the pact invalid . The ECJ said that as a consequence the Irish regulator was indeed required to examine Mr complaint with \" all due diligence \" and ultimately decide whether to suspend transfers if it believed the firm was not providing an \" adequate level of protection \" to protect people 's privacy . Following the ruling , the Irish data commissioner sought guidance from the High Court about how it should proceed , resulting in the latest proceedings . Mr alleges that whistleblower 's leaks demonstrate that Facebook - as well as other technology companies - \" aids US spy agencies for mass surveillance \" in breach of the EU 's Charter of Fundamental Rights . Facebook strongly denies providing \" backdoor \" access to the US intelligence agencies and says its data-transfer processes were reviewed by the Irish watchdog as recently as 2012 . The social network , whose European headquarters is in Dublin , has requested permission to voice its case at the High Court , but has yet to find out whether it will be permitted to do so . \" We believe it is critical that we join the proceedings so that we can provide accurate information about our procedures and processes , as well as to correct inaccuracies that already exist ,\" a Facebook spokeswoman told the BBC . Mr Schrems has previously cast doubt on what information the California-based company might provide . \" Facebook is very likely bound by ' gag orders' and is not allowed to confirm such cooperation with US authorities ,\" he wrote earlier this month . \" Facebook spokespersons [ who comment on the matter ] typically do not have the necessary security clearance to know about such programmes themselves . \" The case could set a precedent that influences how other EU regulators handle complaints about data sent to US-based computer servers for processing and storage . A spokeswoman for the Irish Data Protection Commissioner said it was not yet clear when the High Court would rule on how the dispute should proceed .", "The 36-year-old former Watford and West Bromwich Albion defender was without a club when he joined Blues on a one-month trial deal in September 2012 . But this new contract , in a player-coach role , is his fourth for Blues as he continues to extend a career that now totals more than 700 appearances . has not figured since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April . But he has still clocked up 36 appearances this season , taking his total number of games in a royal blue shirt to 119 . \" is an influential person around the dressing room and been a good help to me since I 've come in ,\" told BBC WM . \" And I still think he can offer something on the pitch . \" There is an opportunity to become a squad defender and still be influential around the club and help some of the youngsters in a coaching capacity , maybe one or two days a week . \" Sometimes it 's hard to find someone that can offer a multitude of things . They can help the young players with that game understanding and that knowledge of winning things and doing things properly in football , because that 's something you do n't often get in academies . \" Every time he pulled on the captain 's armband he gave it everything he 's got . He 's a real winner and a real leader and sometimes I do n't think there are enough of those around clubs in the game . \"", "It has recently attended nine properties in areas including Poole . The service said neighbours were not warned before the devices were set off . It is asking people who wish to use them to contact residents in advance to avoid \" false alarms \" . British Pest Control Association ( BPCA ) described them as \" aggressive \" products . Firefighters have also been called to homes in Bournemouth , Weymouth , Wool , and Woolland , near Hazelbury Bryan . , technical manager for BPCA , said such devices were used by the association in confined areas such as loft spaces and greenhouses to control pests , including cluster flies . \" Imagine a firework with insecticides going off - that 's what you 're dealing with ,\" he said . \" Sometimes smoke can be seen externally and in cases such as these we would inform the local fire service , but it 's not something an amateur would always think of . \" They are not advised for use in living areas , such as kitchens or sitting rooms , where there is a greater risk of contamination , he said . He added there was a \" lack of knowledge \" with over-the-counter products .", "The storms over the weekend killed six people , including two Girl Guides who were crushed by a falling tree . Thousands of homes were also damaged . Poland 's chief forester said it would take up to two years to clear the fallen trees , and decades for the lost natural habitat to recover . He called it \" undoubtedly the worst disaster in the history of Polish - and perhaps even European - forestry \" . It is estimated the storms brought down over eight million cubic metres of lumber across 45,000 hectares of forest . Some of the hardest hit areas were Torun , Gdansk , and Poznan - all in the northern and western parts of the country . In Torun alone , the storms left more than 23,000 hectares of damaged forest . It also destroyed the habitats of rare species . In a statement ( in Polish ) , Polish State Forests said they found \" destroyed bird nests \" and \" dead animals that failed to escape the storm . \" The disaster comes as the Polish government faces criticism for logging in Europe 's oldest forest , which is situated in the east of the country . The Bialowieza forest is a Unesco world heritage site that sits along Poland 's border with Belarus , and is home to rare wildlife . Unesco , EU officials , and green activists have all opposed logging there and last month the European Union 's top court ordered that large-scale logging operations be immediately stopped . Logging banned in Europe 's oldest forest The Polish government responded by saying logging was necessary to protect the forest from an infestation of bark beetle . The European Court of Justice will meet in a few months to determine whether the injunction will remain in place . The European Commission is taking legal action against Warsaw , and if Poland loses the case it will be liable for multimillion euro fines .", "Arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde . Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0 , while Stirling Albion moved up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City . Edinburgh City snatched all three points in their game against thanks to late header . Forfar went ahead against Berwick when scored just before the interval with a neat header from six yards out . then added a second four minutes from time . was on target in the 31st minute for Arbroath ; finding the bottom corner with a neat finish . scored two in two minutes in the second half to clinch victory for the Red Lichties , who leapfrog their visitors in the table , before added a fourth late on . fired Cowdenbeath ahead from the penalty spot in the 20th minute after fouled in the area . And it went from bad to worse for the visitors when was shown a red card in the 29th minute for a foul on . The hosts extended their lead through 's 57th-minute header . took the lead against Stirling when found the bottom corner with a left-footed strike in the 29th minute . However , the visitors equalised early in the second half when headed home at the back post from an cross . Stirling moved ahead when pounced from close range after 's shot had been saved by the goalkeeper . thought he had rescued a point for his side with a 76th-minute strike , but scored the winner late on .", ", , and were all teenagers when they were accused of killing Lt in 1979 . The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998 . They are now involved in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest . They four men also say they were subjected to false imprisonment , assault , battery and malicious prosecution . The PSNI told the BBC it would be inappropriate to comment due to legal proceedings . On Friday , lawyers for the PSNI chief constable submitted documents to the High Court in Belfast indicating that all original interview notes from 1979 were missing . \" I suppose my first reaction was one of disbelief but at the same time it was not surprising ,\" said . \" These documents could have been forensically tested to determine whether the statements were tampered with . \" Were they wilfully destroyed or was it just complete incompetence ? \" It is understood that no explanation was provided as to how the notes had gone missing . It is yet another twist in a long battle for justice , according to from the Pat Finucane Centre . \" It is an incredible coincidence that in this particular case the interview notes have gone missing ,\" he said . \" It would be vital to get to the bottom of this to see what was written in the original interview notes and this is quite a blow for them . \" My heart goes out to the four men , clearly they have been vindicated in terms of having the charges withdrawn but they 've had no justice . \" The four men have now lodged an application for the release of covert tape recordings of the interviews , which they believed were made by the security services .", "Media playback is unsupported on your device 12 September 2015 Last updated at 12:39 BST The world 's most experienced space flier was also joined by two crewmates , including Denmark 's first-ever astronaut . of the European Space Agency and both spent less than 10 days in orbit . The three spacemen made their parachute landing in central Kazakhstan after leaving the International Space Station ( ISS ) at 9.39pm on Friday . said the crew had had \" a fantastic mission \" at the ISS , whose nine members represented five different nationalities at the time . \" This is a superb example of what can be achieved together when we work together across borders and boundaries ,\" he added . Pictures from NASA TV .", "The number two seeds completed a 44-38 victory over China , who were champions in London four years ago . Find out how to get into fencing with our special guide . Romania , who finished sixth in the team epee in London , were in control throughout the game after winning the opening bout . The Russian team secured their sixth bronze of these games with a narrow 37-31 victory over Estonia . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .", "An ultra low emission zone in London for the most polluting cars will come into force in April 2019 and reports say other cities will follow suit . The government will also produce a new air quality plan by the end of April . But has said she will \" take into account \" drivers encouraged to buy diesel cars by previous governments . Former Labour Chancellor introduced a lower vehicle tax in 2001 to encourage people to buy diesel cars , as they were more economical and thought to be less harmful in terms of carbon dioxide emissions . But there has been increasing concern from experts that the vehicles emit dangerous levels of nitrogen dioxide , which is thought to have caused thousands of premature deaths in the UK . The government has to produce a new air quality plan after receiving a \" final warning \" from the European Commission about breaches of legal air quality levels in the UK . It also lost two court cases in 2015 and 2016 over pollution levels brought by environmental lawyers ClientEarth . To tackle the issue , a so-called \" toxin tax \" is expected to be rolled out across several cities , charging drivers of diesel cars up to \u00c2 \u00a3 20 per day to come into urban areas . Mayor of London announced on Tuesday that such a scheme - creating an the ultra low emission zone in the capital - would come into force in two years' time , with a charge of \u00c2 \u00a3 12.50 for petrol cars that do not meet Euro 4 standards and diesel vehicles that do not meet Euro 6 standards . But motoring organisations have said diesel car drivers are being \" punished \" for following a previous government 's policy . Mrs has now hinted there will be schemes to help drivers who were told that diesel vehicles were the right purchase . Speaking on her trip to Jordan and Saudi Arabia , she said : \" Decisions will be taken when we produce that [ air quality ] plan . \" But I 'm very conscious of the fact that past governments have encouraged people to buy diesel cars and we need to take that into account when we look at what we do in the future . \" She did not set out any specific plans , but there have been reports of a scrappage scheme that could pay people to get rid of their diesel vehicles .", "is \" delighted \" with the seven new faces he has signed in recent weeks , but admits it has been tough . \" Identifying guys has been hard as the club really does n't have any recruitment system behind it ,\" he said . \" It 's something I 'll be speaking to our managing director , , about because it 's so important . \" Facing his first full season as Dundee boss , says recruitment is \" top of the list of priorities \" for any manager and he is hoping to makes strides in that area ahead of the January transfer window . \" We need help ,\" he added . \" We 've been chasing our tails a bit this time . We need a database so that come January , if we want to strengthen , we have a list we can choose from rather than running about crazy 24 hours a day taking calls , looking on , looking at games . \" Despite the difficulty , Dundee have managed to sign striker , midfielder , defender , winger , midfielder and striker . Midfielder has also moved to Dens Park on a season-long loan from Celtic . \" It 's been a real team effort between the staff this summer ,\" said . \" We 've all mucked in and done our homework . \" You would n't believe the number of hours that have been put into recruitment . It 's been extensive . \" I 'm delighted with the guys we 've brought in . They offer us something we did n't have . We have two different types now in a lot of key positions . \" hopes recent recruit will receive clearance to complete his move before Tuesday 's League Cup match away to Raith Rovers . Dundee were knocked out of the competition at the group stage last season and , who took over in April and was named permanent manager in June , is determined to avoid a repeat . \" I do n't want to use these games as a warm-up ,\" he said . \" It 's important that we start building a winning mentality from the first game of the season - starting on Tuesday . \" I do n't think you can go into the season half-cocked . \" We will give every team we face the same respect we 'd show Rangers or Celtic . We will be ready . \"", "was part of the famous British and Irish Lions side who beat New Zealand in Auckland in 1959 . He made 12 appearances for Wales and played in four of the six Tests in the 1959 Lions tour . He also played three times for the Barbarians . was also the son of former international referee and former president of the Welsh Rugby Union , .", "The 40-year-old 14-time major champion twice had back surgery during 15 months out before returning in December , when he tied for 15th at the 17-man Hero World Challenge . Over the next five weeks he plays four full-field tournaments . \" That is a concern , no doubt about it , but I 'm also looking forward to it . I 've sat out long enough ,\" said . \" I 've gone through some pretty tough lows . There were points when I did n't know whether I would swing a golf club again . \" But I do feel good about it . I just need to get out there and do it and see what happens . \" begins his 2017 season at the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego , which begins on Thursday . He will then play at the Dubai Desert Classic from 2-5 February , followed by the Genesis Open at Riviera from 16-19 February and the Honda Classic in Palm Beach Gardens from 23-26 February . \" I 've got my body in a pretty good state where I feel I can handle that workload , but I 've still got to go out there and do it ,\" he added . \" Feeling good about it and doing it are two totally different things . \" Media playback is not supported on this device", "The woman , who has asked to remain anonymous , said it happened just before 20:00 BST on Sunday . She said the man was dressed in dark clothes and asked her to call an ambulance . \" It was a terrible shock . You just do n't know who you 're answering the door to ,\" she said . The shooting happened at Glenwood Drive , Poleglass . The victim , a 56-year-old man , is in a stable condition in hospital . The woman told BBC News she was waiting for her grandson to come over when the man came to her door and said there were lots of children in the area . \" I did n't get much sleep , I 've been up all night with my stomach churning ,\" she said . \" It does n't bear thinking about if the kids had seen the shooting . \" The woman said she and a neighbour tended to the man while waiting for the ambulance , which she said arrived quickly and took him away . She said she does not think the man was local to her area . , a Sinn F\u00c3 \u00a9 in councillor , said the man had been shot \" five or six times in the leg \" . \" I 've said for a long time now regarding punishment attacks that no guns at all should be brought onto the streets ,\" he said . \" The message needs to come loud and clear in the community and hopefully these groups will listen . \"", "Canadian is said to have been a key adviser for Silk Road creator . The US Department of Justice alleged that Mr advised about the best way to run the site and how to evade the police . The Silk Road website was shut down in late 2013 following raids by the FBI and other law enforcement agencies . It was a marketplace sited on the dark web through which many people bought illegal drugs . In May this year was sentenced to life in prison for creating and running the site . The DoJ alleges that Mr was a \" high-ranking \" operator on the Silk Road and was instrumental in helping run it . He gave advice about ways to improve the technology underpinning the site , boost sales and on the best way for to hide his real identity , said US authorities . Mr was paid \" at least hundreds of thousands of dollars \" for this advice , said the DoJ in a statement announcing the arrest . \" may have thought residing in Thailand would keep him out of reach of US authorities , but our international partnerships have proven him wrong ,\" said FBI assistant director . On the site and in other underground forums , Mr is believed to have used several nicknames including \" Variety Jones , \" VJ \" , \" Cimon \" and \" Plural of Mongoose \" . Extradition proceedings have been started against Mr to transfer him from a jail in Thailand to the US . He faces charges of narcotics conspiracy and money laundering . If found guilty of both charges he could face 30 years in jail .", "The 42-year-old man was discovered in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve , in Earnley , on Tuesday by Coastguards . Sussex Police said the incident , which took place in the Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT , was being treated as a \" tragic accident \" . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed . A spokesman for Sussex Police said they believed the AAIB would be \" leading on the investigation into the cause of the crash \" .", "The African champions take on the Europeans in Jeju , South Korea , as they look to seal a place in the quarter-finals . has watched his side play some attractive football in the group stage and is looking for more of the same on Wednesday . \" They have a strong team but we are the African champions , so at least that morale is motivating us a lot ,\" said . He said his team had fully recovered from the 1-0 defeat they suffered against Costa Rica in their final Group C match . \" We are representing Africa and I think we have the strength and power to match Germany . They have a strong team but we are the African champions \" We have to respect them , but they have to respect us too . \" Zambia 's prospects have been boosted by the return of captain who sat out the Costa Rica game through suspension . \" I 'm happy the captain is back in the team ; morale is high and the boys are looking forward to the game . \" was part of Zambia 's Olympic squad thrashed 4-0 by Germany during the 1988 Games in Seoul . However , he said revenge was not his main motivation but getting the result to see them through to the next stage . \" In football , there is no revenge ; we know everyone is looking at that [ Seoul ' 88 defeat ] , but we buried that Seoul Olympics defeat . \" We have to do our very best so that we overcome Germany . \" That time Germany had [ who was a high-class player . \" We also had good players , but now it 's a different scenario . \"", "Mr flew from China to Sochi in southern Russia for the meeting . He also cancelled a visit to Malta . Last month he shelved a partnership deal with the EU , triggering angry protests in Ukraine 's capital Kiev . Jailed opposition politician has reportedly called off a prison hunger strike . The former prime minister 's daughter , , said her mother had accepted a request from protesters in Kiev to stop the fast . She had reportedly begun the hunger strike on 25 November in protest at Mr 's failure to sign the EU deal . Thousands of anti-Yanukovych protesters remain outside the government building on Kiev 's Independence Square , braving bitter cold . They are furious that he made an 11th-hour U-turn in relations with the EU , refusing to sign the association agreement that had been prepared during years of negotiations . In Sochi , Mr discussed \" preparation of a future treaty on strategic partnership \" with Russia , his press service said . The talks covered various economic issues , the statement said , without elaborating . Mr has been urging Ukraine to join Russia 's customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan - a union whose entry terms are far less demanding than the EU 's . In recent months Russia has put Ukraine under economic pressure , imposing long customs delays at the border and banning imports of Ukrainian sweets . , a ally and leader of the main opposition faction in parliament , condemned the talks in Sochi . \" Their attempts to sell Ukraine to Russia have not ended in any way ,\" he said . \" If tries to sign anything with Russia about the customs union it will lead to a bigger wave of protests . \"", "More than 350 Roma people had lived in the camp on La Petite Ceinture since mid-2015 . Activists said many left early ahead of the police action . The site belongs to the national rail authority SNCF . France has one of Europe 's toughest policies towards Roma . Most live in camps that are regularly demolished and every year thousands are deported . Amnesty International urged city authorities to find a lasting housing solution for those evicted in Paris - saying they would become homeless in mid-winter . Hundreds of thousands of Roma - mostly from Romania and Bulgaria - have moved to western Europe since the 1990s . The Council of Europe , the region 's main human rights body , warned that evictions were \" counter-productive \" because they disrupted education and healthcare for Roma children . Council of Europe Secretary General said it was crucial for French authorities to provide \" adequate , alternative accommodation \" for those evicted , \" particularly as they have decided to take this action during winter \" . France 's unwanted Roma", "Hythe Ferry runs between Hythe and Southampton , serviced by a train which runs along a 640m ( 2,000ft ) pier . The presenter lent his support to a community group 's aim to take over the management of the pier and train . Its current operator said numbers using the ferry had been falling . Earlier this year , Hythe Ferry Ltd warned staff about possible redundancies , having suffered a \" year-on-year decline \" in passenger numbers and faced with higher operating costs . More than 9,000 people have signed a petition calling for the service to be saved . , of the Hythe Hythe Pier Train and Ferry Action Group , said members wanted to create a \" viable modern ferry \" by a charitable trust taking over the management of the Victorian pier and \" relieving \" the ferry operators of the costs of maintaining it . He said a redevelopment project could cost \u00a3 2-3m but a trust would be able to access other sources of finance , including lottery grants . Mr said : \" This train is the oldest running pier train anywhere in the world , so I 'm campaigning to keep it open . We need to do everything we can to keep this extraordinary piece of our past running . \"", ", 21 , died following the collision in Braintree , Essex , in December 2014 . His family is raising money to buy a particular area of land on which he dreamed about running outdoor survival courses for disadvantaged young people . The centre would also be used as a venue for new bands and charity events . \" I ca n't think of anything else we could have done that was more fitting , or more ,\" his mother said . \" I think he 'd be 100 % behind it . If he 's watching now he 'd be saying ' Come on Mum , keep going ' . Mrs said even if they could not raise enough money to buy the land \" he loved and built his plans around \" , his relatives would make sure they followed through \" even if it 's just three acres \" . Mrs said her son , who was from Gosfield , Essex , dreamt of \" teaching other young people to understand , be safe in and respect our countryside \" . \" He loved being active outdoors and having been introduced to woodland survival was passionate about the skills and confidence it gave him ,\" she said . On the family 's fundraising page , Mrs wrote : \" We have the skills and knowledge to set up the kind of Centre that Coz had in mind but we do not have the money . \" The family will contribute money paid from Mr 's car insurance life cover towards its \u00c2 \u00a3 200,000 target .", "Syd 's Garden will be \" laced with little clues \" about the singer , according to . Designed as a restful area for patients and staff , it will open in the grounds of Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018 . , a founder member of , died in 2006 after living locally as a semi-recluse . Read more Cambridgeshire stories here The garden has been designed by sculptor and , a garden designer . Their charity , Art Garden Health , creates and maintains green spaces for NHS hospitals at no public cost . Addenbrooke 's offered them a plot a year ago - and fundraising got under way . Mr knew as a young man when the two began Saturday art classes at Cambridge 's Homerton College . They were also members of band Those Without , which toured Cambridge youth clubs and pubs between 1963 and 1965 . They studied together at the Cambridge School of Art before left for London - and Mr began a career in theatre set design . \" 's sister said he liked roses ,\" said Mr . \" And there 'll be a striped colour theme , which fans will recognise . \" The artwork on his first solo album is turquoise and orange , and worked with those colours . \" There 's also a nod to Abbey Road 's crossing . \" The centrepiece will be a circular sculpture , depicting a teenage on a bicycle , armed with a guitar and a paint palette . \" This was the Syd I knew at art school ,\" said Mr . \" The 18-year-old , the free wheeler . \" He was n't ambitious for glory , just very creative and anarchic . He was very charismatic - and very , very talented . \" He described as a \" celebrated son of Cambridge \" , who returned to the city and lived as a recluse until his death in 2006 . In October 2016 a specially-designed artwork unveiled in the foyer of the Cambridge Corn Exchange in October 2016 , where he played his last live gig . A blue plaque was also dedicated to him in Cambridge as part of BBC Music Day 2017 .", "The footage shows Mr and his supporters making light of the assault by prison inmates in 1989 when he was town mayor . He said the female missionary was so beautiful that \" the mayor should have been first \" . Critics say this shows Mr is \" unfit \" for the office of president . Mr 's supporters however have dismissed the comments as a joke . The candidate is known for his irreverent speeches and boasts of sexual conquests . One recent poll had him leading over other contenders ahead of the 9 May election . The rape comments in a YouTube video are the latest in a string of inflammatory statements - including the proposed mass executions of suspected criminals - made by Mr . In the video he refers to the missionary who was murdered while ministering in a prison in the city of Davao in the southern Philippines and goes on to make his remark to laughter at a campaign rally . President 's spokesman said the comments reflected Mr 's \" lack of fitness for the presidency \" and his \" utter lack of respect for women \" . A rival presidential candidate , Vice-President , called the comments revolting . \" You are a crazy maniac who does n't respect women and does n't deserve to be president ,\" Mr told Mr in a statement . Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) Deputy Asia Director said the comments \" were a disgusting endorsement of sexual violence \" for which Mr should be utterly condemned . In 2015 , HRW described Mr as the death squad mayor for his tactics in dealing with violent crime in Davao , with more than 1,000 people being killed .", "The images were all taken from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April and the contest was open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone . The overall winner was who took \" Electric Bristol \" - a picture of the Clifton Suspension Bridge . , from 24 Hours In Bristol , said the judges had had \" an incredibly tough job \" picking a winner . The competition involves entrants being \" randomly allocated \" one hour of the day or night in which they must take at least one photograph . Mr , from Bath , said he was \" delighted \" to have won . He said he used a 10 second self-timer and then ran into the shot . \" Ten seconds is not very long so it took quite a few attempts - when we got there the sky was still quite bright , so we sat there for nearly 20 minutes waiting for the sky to get darker . \" It 's a beautiful bridge and as soon as the sun sets on it and the sky gets darker and the electric lights come on - it just comes to life . \" Ms said the six judges \" did n't always agree \" and one said it had been \" heartbreaking \" for some not to win . She said about 75 % were taken on cameras and about 25 % on mobile phones . The exhibition is at the Harbourside Arts Centre near Millennium Square and runs until the middle of June .", "The world 's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $ 94.6bn , down 2 % , and net earnings of $ 4.9bn , 5 % lower . It said revenues were likely to slip further in 2017 , to between $ 90.5bn and $ 92.5bn . But the US company also expects to deliver more commercial aircraft and to improve its earnings per share . \" Looking forward , our team is intent on accelerating productivity and programme execution ,\" said chairman and chief executive . In the period , Boeing made 748 commercial aircraft deliveries , down from 762 in 2015 , claiming to have led the market for \" the fifth consecutive year \" . It also delivered fewer military planes - in particular , its new CH-47 Chinook helicopter and its F / A-18 fighter jet - while sales in the division slipped 7 % . Revenue also fell in the firm 's space and services divisions because of weaker demand for satellites and aircraft modernisation . However , overall group earnings surged 59 % in the fourth quarter of the year as demand for the company 's commercial planes ticked up . Boeing also projected higher commercial deliveries this year of between 760 and 765 aircraft . The company 's shares were up by more than 2 % in early trading in New York .", "won the title with fellow Coleraine man last year . , meanwhile , helped the British four take silver behind defending world and European champions Switzerland . Enniskillen 's and her GB team-mates were fifth in the quadruple sculls final with third in the B single scull final . London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist said afterwards that he had been suffering badly from hay fever over the weekend in Germany . and dominated the lightweight pair final and had over three seconds to spare from Denmark at the finish . The lightweight pair is a non-Olympic boat class but and will have reminded the Great Britain coaches of their selection claims for the lightweight four . , , and led the fours final at the halfway stage before the Swiss took control to win by a length . Enniskillen 's and her Great Britain crew mates , and were going along well in fourth place before catching a crab just before the halfway mark which stalled the boat momentarily . They eventually finished fifth behind winners Germany and will now finalise their preparations for the Olympic qualifying regatta in Lucerne in a fortnight 's time . There was success for Ireland in the men 's lightweight double sculls when brothers and from County Cork rowed through leaders Norway in the closing 500m to clinch gold . Reigning world champions France and silver medallists Great Britain - Coleraine 's and - were missing from the field but that does n't detract from a memorable moment for Irish rowing . There was a second medal for Ireland in the women 's single sculls when London Olympian took bronze behind scullers from Austria and Latvia .", "Australia had a first-innings lead of 155 runs after bowling their hosts out for 105 in Pune . The tourists scored 285 in the second innings , setting India a record target of 441 to win . However , India were all out for 107 as they lost inside three days , with left-arm spinner taking 6-35 . On a turning pitch , also took 6-35 in the first innings , while fellow spinner snared five wickets in total - with figures of 4-53 in the second innings - as Australia 's spin duo outperformed their Indian counterparts . Visiting captain also played a key part in the victory as he scored 109 in the second innings , his maiden Test century in India . The win was Australia 's first in India since 2004 . \" I 'm really proud of how boys have performed ,\" said . \" was absolutely outstanding in the match . \" India captain was critical of his team , describing it as their \" worst batting display in two years \" . \" We got outplayed in this match . We have to take it on the chin ,\" he added . \" We never took them for granted but we were never good enough during the three days . \" India , the top-ranked Test team , have not lost a home Test series since 2012 and the second match starts in Bangalore on Saturday , 4 March .", "edged ahead on the seven-year-old ( 25-1 ) and held on to finish half a length clear . Last year 's winner ( 11-1 ) had to settle for third , with ( 11-2 ) finishing second . \" It 's days like this that mean so much , this is the biggest day of my racing career ,\" said . \" You 've no idea how much it means and how grateful I am to be given an opportunity on a day like this . \" There was a slight blip in the celebrations as was unshipped shortly after the line . He added : \" I 'd done celebrating , I was trying to pull him up . I delivered him as late as I dare , with the fact he is so quirky , and sure enough he 's dropped his shoulder - you have to expect the unexpected with him . \"", "The research was carried out by scientists from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland , University College Dublin , the University of Edinburgh and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . They say it shows the divergence may have began 360 years ago . It also suggests Travellers are closely connected to Irish settled people . The researchers found that any genetic disparities between Travellers and settled people in the Republic are largely due to them remaining genetically isolated for several centuries and their numbers decreasing . It is thought there are about 30,000 people living in the Republic of Ireland who are members of the Travelling community , representing 0.6 % of the total population . Previously it had been thought that Travellers had become displaced between 1845 and 1852 as a result of the Great Famine . \" The findings confirm that the Irish Traveller population has an Irish ancestry and this comes at a time where the ethnicity of Travellers is being considered by the Irish state ,\" the Royal College of Surgeons' Prof said . \" It is important to emphasise that although Irish Travellers show clear features of a genetic isolate , they are genetically very close to settled people in Ireland . \" It is also interesting to observe that the isolation of Travellers from settled people predates the Great Famine . \" However it 's important to emphasise that our research estimates the beginning of the social divergence of the Travelling community , rather than their origin . \" DNA samples from 42 Irish Travellers were compared with that of 143 European Roma , 2,232 settled Irish , 2,039 British , 5,964 European and 931 individuals from the rest of the world for the study . Several genetic dating methods were also used to estimate the period when the travelling community began to split genetically from the settled population in Ireland .", "The stretch of road on the A890 was closed following rock falls last month , before it was later partially reopened . Highland Council said work to further stabilise rock in the area would continue over the next two to three weeks . The local authority is seeking a long term solution to the bypass .", "The bodies of , 40 , and , 37 , were discovered at a tenement in Rosefield Street , in the city 's west end , at about 21:00 on Sunday . The property was sealed off by police while detectives and scenes of crimes officers investigated . The man is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Wednesday . Detectives said a review of CCTV in the are was being carried out , while house-to-house inquiries are continuing . Police have also appealed for anyone with information to come forward . Det Insp , who is leading the investigation , said : \" I would be keen to hear from anyone who heard or saw anything suspicious in the Rosefield Street area , in the days between Thursday 8 December 2016 and Sunday 11 December 2016 . \"", "Media playback is not supported on this device The 21-year-old 's success also guaranteed Britain a berth in the event at the Rio 2016 Olympics . The brothers did not compete , with their focus on this year 's World Series competition and the Rio Olympic test event . completed the event in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds . He was ahead of Portugal 's (+ 11 seconds ) and (+ 33secs ) of Azerbaijan . After a strong swim , British team-mates ( 16th ) and ( 46th ) played a crucial role in helping to the lead during the cycling phase . During the 10km run he broke free from the chasing pack and although the Leeds-based triathlete was briefly caught by of Estonia he soon re-established his lead . \" I could n't have done it without and ,\" said . \" It was a real team effort . It 's a shame we could n't all get medals - but getting the gold is brilliant . \" London 2012 gold medallist and world title-winning brother are expected to secure further Rio Olympic places for Team GB through performances at the qualification event in Brazil in August . will now hope to be included in World Series races and the Rio test event in order to enhance his prospects of a place in the squad for the Rio Olympics . Triathlon , which consisted of a 1.5km swim , 40km cycle and 10km run in the European Games , is one of three sports included in Baku 2015 which have direct qualification possibilities for next year 's Olympics in Brazil .", "The museum closed last October to allow work to upgrade the building and provide more display space . About half of the project 's \u00a3 66m cost is being funded by the council . In April 2015 , the council provided \u00a3 5.7m to kick-start the building 's revamp , which houses treasures donated to the city by collector Sir in 1944 . The Burrell collection consists of more than 8,000 artefacts but fewer than a fifth of them have been on show at any one time . When it re-opens to visitors in 2020 , the basement of the building will become part of the exhibition space , so that 90 % of the objects can be viewed by the public . The Heritage Lottery Fund has given \u00a3 15m to the project and the UK government has also contributed \u00a3 5m . It is hoped a fundraising campaign will raise the rest . Cllr said : \" Sir 's great legacy has been described as the greatest gift a city has ever received and we have a moral duty to ensure it is housed in the finest of buildings . \"", "Swindale Beck , near Haweswater , was straightened to clear land for grazing , but the resultant faster flows washed gravel away , making it less easy for salmon and trout to spawn . During summer a stretch was filled in and replaced with a meandering course . In December , 16 salmon were spotted , along with five redds - disturbed gravel where eggs had been laid . The bend restoration project , involving United Utilities , the RSPB , Natural England and the Environment Agency , was also aimed at alleviate flooding by slowing the flow of water through the valley . , RSPB site manager at Haweswater , said : \" Habitat restoration is often a slow process and we normally do n't see the benefits of our work for years and sometimes even decades . \" It 's really uplifting and inspiring to work on a project where we get the chance to experience success so soon after we 've finished . \"", "The French authorities say the Airbus A310 , which set off from the Yemeni capital , should not have been allowed to fly , the AFP news agency reports . Most of the 152 people killed in the crash were French citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros . There was just one survivor - a teenage girl who was rescued from the sea . Many of the passengers were travelling to the Comoros , but had begun their journey in Paris or Marseille on another jet operated by the national airline of Yemen , before boarding flight IY626 in Sanaa . An association of the victims' families , AFVCA , has welcomed the charge . \" It 's a great relief for the families of the victims who have waited four and a half years ,\" a spokesman for the association told the BBC . \" Now the company will finally be forced to face up to its responsibilities . \" Yemenia has previously said that bad weather - strong winds and high seas - was the more likely cause of the crash . The carrier is not included on the current European Union list of banned airlines . The crash caused anger amongst the Comorian community in France as people complained that the aircraft had been in poor condition . The plane was banned from French airspace after inspectors found numerous faults in 2007 , according to the then transport minister , . Several European countries had also found a number of problems when they inspected Yemenia aircraft prior to the crash . Officials from Yemen have previously said the plane had undergone a thorough inspection and conformed to international standards .", "The 31-year-old Brazil forward , better known just by her first name , has signed a two-year contract with an option of a third . She has recently been playing in Sweden for FC Rosengard . was part of the Brazil side which lost in the 2007 World Cup final to Germany in China . won five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006-2010 and has finished in the top three of the voting in every year from 2004-2014 . Orlando City chief executive said : \" We are incredibly proud to bring to Orlando , and I am personally very excited as I have been a fan of her for many years . \" Our technical team worked hard to add the best , most accomplished women 's soccer player in the world to the roster . \"", "The only French side in Super League had lost their last five matches in a row including the 18-10 late defeat by Huddersfield at Magic Weekend . , 40 , is a former Catalans and France stand-off who became the first French coach of the club when he replaced in 2012 . Coaches and and general manager will take charge of the first team .", "Prince is next in line to the Monaco throne , a rich principality on the southern French coast . A statement said both babies were doing well . was born first , with arriving two minutes later . Their father is Prince , 56 , son of the late Hollywood actress , . , 36 , is a Zimbabwean-born former Olympic swimmer . The couple married in 2011 . The prince has two other children but they are excluded from the throne because they were born outside of marriage . Ahead of the birth , Prince said that the first child to be delivered would become next-in-line , if the twins were the same sex . But since the twins are mixed sex , takes the role , due to Monaco 's laws of succession favouring males . The gender of the twins had been kept a secret even from their father during 's pregnancy . Forty-two canon shots were fired to mark the babies' arrival , 21 for each infant . It is the first time twins have been born to Monaco 's royal family since it was founded in the 13th Century .", "'s time of 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification as she finished second in her first-round heat . However , exited from the men 's 100m as he finished fifth in his heat in 10.66 - . 44 secs outside his best . , meanwhile , false started in his heat and was disqualified . Paralympic star , 27 , appeared to start well in heat four but faded after 50m as he finished fifth in 10.66 seconds . \" I got out of the blocks really well and was in a good position in the early stages , however , I then tightened up and people started to pass me ,\" explained . \" I was hoping to do better but I still have n't fully recovered from my hamstring injury . \"[ But ] It has been an incredible experience for me to represent Northern Ireland at the Commonwealth Games as I missed out on Delhi because of injury . \" London-born 's first Northern Ireland outing proved a brief affair as he false started in heat three . , 20 , switched allegiance to Northern Ireland in February as his mother hails from the province . won European Junior Championship 200m silver last year and his main focus in Glasgow will be the longer sprint . is also scheduled to run the 200m at these championships but the Londonderry man 's 2014 season has been badly affected by hamstring trouble and the 100m is regarded as his stronger event . A time of 10.45secs would have secured a fastest loser 's progression to Monday 's semi-finals . looked to be in a tricky heat but her time of 11.62 - despite being . 22secs outside her best - earned her second spot behind Australia 's [ 11.54 ] . On the opening date of athletics action at the Games , Northern Ireland hopeful produced a gutsy run to take 12th in the women 's marathon with her finishing time of 2 hours 40.29 minutes , only 57 seconds outside her personal best set in Berlin last September . The American-born runner was making her first appearance at a major championship at the age of 37 . is not a full-time athlete and her day job is working as an assistant professor in conflict resolution and reconciliation at Trinity College , Dublin . Kenyan took the gold medal in 2:26.45 ahead of her compatriot [ 2:27.10 ] with Australia 's [ 2:30.12 ] winning the bronze .", "Smoke bombs were let off and bricks thrown as police turned out in force to oversee hundreds of far-right demonstrators marching through town . They clashed with anti-fascist demonstrators , leaving five people with minor injuries . Kent Police said it seized more than 20 weapons including a knuckle duster . Police said their operation ended at 17:00 GMT after they had arrested individuals for possession of offensive weapons , breaching the peace and public order offences . Banners and placards carried by the right-wing marchers included those from the North West National Front , neo-Nazi organisation Combat 18 and the Scottish Defence League . Counter-demonstrators included members of Kent Anti-Racism Network , anti-fascist group Antifa and people with Socialist Worker placards . They were addressed by , shadow secretary of state for international development . Earlier , six people were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder at a service station on the M20 which was closed after several coaches believed to be on the way to the demonstrations were damaged . Police said officers were called to a disturbance at Maidstone services at junction eight at 10:51 GMT . Two coaches had swastikas daubed on them in blood following a clash between two rival groups . A coach which left the scene was stopped at junction 11 services at Westenhanger . During the day police took away weapons including a knife , pieces of wood , glass , hammers and bricks . A police spokesman said he could not comment on the motives of those involved , or what groups they may or may not have been a part of . Police warned on Friday the demonstrations were expected to attract large numbers of protesters , with businesses and residents told to expect disruption .", "also told the BBC 's Sunday Politics that the party needed to ensure it got the \" tone \" right in order to attract more voters . It comes after Mr said in an article in the Times on Saturday that Mr \" needs to take a break now \" . A bitter internal row has developed within UKIP after Mr 's resignation was rejected by the party . Mr said : \" I 'm suggesting he takes a break as leader . I 'm not suggesting he takes a break from being leader . \" Clearly the national executive has the authority , they 're the ruling body . \" I 'm told that they made a decision . I 'm told it was a procedurally correct decision , he is the leader but I think it 's important that as leader he takes a break and I think it 's important that we work out how these complex questions are answered by a team . \" No one person has all the answers . I 'm particularly concerned about tone , making sure we get a tone that ensures that the 27 million people who did n't vote for UKIP last week may be persuaded to vote for us in future . \" The party has been beset by wrangling since Mr agreed to stay on as leader , days after standing down after failing to get elected in Thanet South . He had pledged before the general election that he would quit the post if he failed to get elected to Parliament . Senior aide has left the party , following claims from MEP that Mr had fallen under the influence of \" inexperienced \" advisers . UKIP has also confirmed the departure of Mr 's chief of staff . Mr ruled out quitting as leader on BBC 's Question Time on Thursday , saying he had \" phenomenal \" support , and has challenged his critics to decide whether they want to stay in the party . In his article , Mr had said that \" knowing how difficult it is to lead a party makes me admire all the more \" . \" I know that I never could ,\" he added , stressing that he would find it \" impossible to simultaneously lead UKIP , be the voice of the party in the Commons , represent my Clacton constituents and at the same time be a husband and a dad \" . However , he said that \" even leaders need to take a break \" , adding : \" needs to take a break now . \" UKIP got nearly four million votes at the election , but returned only one MP - former Conservative Mr in the Clacton constituency .", "About 80,000 works of art , ceramics , manuscripts , letters and photographs faced being auctioned to help pay off the pottery firm 's pension debt . But a public fundraising campaign launched in September hit its target in just a month . Adminstrators said the collection will remain on display at the museum in Barlaston , Staffordshire . The Art Fund , which led the campaign , will gift the collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum , before it is loaned to the Wedgwood Museum . Administrator said it had been \" incredibly satisfying \" to sign off on the sale on Monday . \" Today 's fantastic outcome would n't have been possible without the spirit of goodwill and determination shown during the often complex negotiations ,\" he said . The Wedgwood Museum inherited Waterford Wedgwood plc 's pension bill after the firm collapsed in 2009 . In 2010 the museum also went into administration , and in 2011 a high court judge ruled its collection could be sold to reimburse the Pension Protection Fund . , whose husband is a direct descendant of company founder , said the collection was \" important \" for Staffordshire . The collection risked being \" sold and scattered around the globe \" had the money not been raised , she added . MP , who was involved in the campaign , said the sale was \" fantastic news \" . \" The items contained within the collection chart a significant part of Britain 's cultural development over centuries and play a crucial part in defining our national identity today ,\" he said .", "Its stature is built on its geographical size ( twice that of France and Germany combined ) , its prestige as the custodian of the birthplace of Islam and its colossus status as an oil producer - with a quarter of the world 's proven reserves under its deserts . Its importance as an oil exporting nation has made economic interdependence with the West - where the main consumer demand is found - a necessity . This , in turn , has led to strong political and military relationships that at times have been a source of awkwardness for both sides . It stands out for its espousal of a puritan version of Sunni Islam , including harsh punishments such as public beheadings , and its restrictions on women . Population 28.7 million Area 2.24 million sq km ( 864,869 sq miles ) Major language Arabic Major religion Islam Life expectancy 73 years ( men ) , 76 years ( women ) Currency Riyal Head of state , prime minister : King The dynasty holds a monopoly of political power . Saudi Arabia was established in 1932 by King and he has been succeeded by various sons . King ascended the throne in January 2015 following the death of his half-brother , King . He has been part of the ruling clique of princes for decades and is thought likely to continue the main thrusts of Saudi strategic policy , including maintaining the alliance with the United States and working towards energy market stability . Saudi investors are major players in the pan-Arab TV industry , but the country has one of the region 's most tightly-controlled media environments . The government openly acknowledges that widespread internet filtering takes place . It targets \" pornographic \" , Islam-related , human rights and political sites . Saudi Arabia has the highest per-capita YouTube use of any country in the world . It is reportedly home to more than 40 % of all active Twitter users in the Arab region . Some key events in Saudi Arabia 's history : 1932 - The areas controlled by King Abd-al-Aziz are unified under the name Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . 1938 - Oil is discovered and production begins under the US-controlled Aramco ( Arabian American Oil Company ) . 1960 - Saudi Arabia is a founding member of Opec ( Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ) . 1973 - Saudi Arabia leads an oil boycott against the Western countries that supported Israel in the October War against Egypt and Syria . Oil prices quadruple . 2001 11 September - 15 of the 19 hijackers involved in attacks on New York and Washington are Saudi nationals . 2011 - As '' Arab Spring '' protests ripple across the region , Saudi troops participate in crackdown on unrest in Bahrain . 2015 March - Saudi Arabia launches campaign of air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen .", "The NSPCC 's Childline service said it counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year compared to about 2,400 in 2011-12 . The total number suffering online abuse is thought to be far higher . Some children as young as seven told Childline how they were tormented , abused and scared to go to school . The charity said online trolls caused misery and humiliation for thousands of children . Childline 's president Dame said the figures should be a wake-up call . \" Bullying can wreck young people 's lives , especially now that the bullies do n't stop at the school gates ,\" she said . \" Cyber-bullying can follow them home until it becomes a persecution they cannot escape . \" It is imperative that adults , parents and teachers , intervene to protect them , because we have learned over the years from Childline callers that bullying does not stop on its own , left alone it gets worse . \" Schools must take this problem seriously , and above all children must ask for help . \" The report is being released at the start of Anti-Bullying Week which is coordinated by the Anti Bullying Alliance . The group is working with parents , schools and other organisations to help combat the problem . One young person who contacted said : \" It might sound like not much of a problem but there 's a group of people I play with online and they told me to kill myself . I wo n't kill myself but it upsets me . \" My parents do n't realise how upset it 's making me and they tell me to stand up for myself or just not play anymore but they do n't know how hard that is . \" I do n't know why they have suddenly started picking on me but it hurts so much . \" Advice given by young people on dealing with bullying includes :", "The girl was forced into a vehicle in Bishop 's Stortford at about 20:30 GMT on 16 February and dropped off near the town 's railway station the following morning . An E-fit image of the attacker has now been released . Police said the attack had caused \" concern within the community \" . The girl was forced into a dark-coloured vehicle , thought to be a Land Rover , and taken to an unknown location , believed to be outside the county of Hertfordshire , where she was sexually assaulted . Ch Insp of Hertfordshire Police said : \" I believe local people hold the key to our investigation . \" This is an extremely serious matter and one which , understandably , has caused concern within the community . \" We have conducted a number of inquiries in the local area but would ask anyone who was around between the times mentioned and who has not yet spoken to police to contact us if you have any information which may assist our investigation . \" I would like to reiterate that this is an unusual incident and would reassure everyone that investigations into this incident are a priority . \"", "The cygnets and their mother had recently become a familiar sight around Lisnarick , outside Irvinestown . , who lives in Lisnarick , photographed the swans shortly before they were killed on Tuesday evening . \" When I saw their mother walking them along the road , all in line , I stopped to take a picture ,\" said . \" They 've visited our farm every day over the last few weeks so I 've photographed them before , but I thought that the way the wee cygnets were following their mother was just so lovely I had to stop and watch . \" I still ca n't believe that they were run over so soon after . \" Enniskillen-based vet , who happened to be passing moments after the birds were killed , said he was shocked by what he saw . \" The five of them were just lying in a row behind the mother , who was injured as well . \" Four of them were dead and the fifth was so badly mangled I had to put it down with an injection . \" The sixth one only had minor injuries , so I gave it an anti-biotic cream and guided it into a nearby field alongside its mother . \" It was actually quite an upsetting sight . I ca n't believe whoever killed them just drove on . \" , who had also stopped when he saw the dead swans , assisted the vet in moving them to safety . He said he was \" disgusted \" by what he saw . \" A girl who was there said she saw the car running them down and driving on . \" We 're all wondering how this could have been an accident - it 's a 30mph speed limit there and it was n't dark so the swans were very visible . \" If you ca n't see six swans on the road , what are the chances you 'll see a child ? As native wild birds , swans enjoy statutory protection under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and it is an offence to intentionally injure , take or kill a wild swan . The act similarly protects the eggs and nests of swans . It is an offence to take or possess the egg of a wild mute swan , or to damage or destroy the nest of a mute swan whilst in use or being built . The RSPB said anyone who witnesses an offence against swans or other wildlife should contact their police Wildlife Liaison Officer through their local police station .", "In May , Punch Taverns halted its plans for The Corn Exchange , in Crickhowell , after protests which led to villagers launching their own bid to buy it . In a statement , Corn Exchange Action Group said they were thrilled Punch Taverns had agreed the deal . About 180 people will become joint-owners after it is signed . The plan is to set up a new company , Corn Exchange Crickhowell Ltd , to try to secure planning permission to turn the building into independent shops with flats above . The group said enough money has been pledged to cover the agreed price of \u00a3 300,000 plus VAT , but \" more funds will probably be needed to refurbish the building \" . , chairman of Corn Exchange Community Investment Group , who has been leading the negotiations with Punch Taverns , said : \" This is great news for everyone who wants to ensure the future of our High Street . \" , chair of the action group , said : \" We were right to stand up against the plans for a supermarket in our High Street - now we can create something which will make our community proud . \" In a statement , Punch Taverns said : \" We recognise the strength of feeling in Crickhowell about the town centre and its independent traders and we at Punch are delighted that we have been able to reach an agreement , subject to contract , which satisfies all sides . \"", "Between 2012 and 2015 , cases of syphilis increased by 76 % , from 3,001 to 5,288 , while gonorrhoea infections rose by 53 % , from 26,880 to 41,193 , Public Health England data reveals . The rise was notable among men who have sex with men . At the same time , rates of genital warts decreased , thanks to a vaccination campaign . Rates of sexually transmitted infections as a group also went down slightly , totalling 434,456 . But experts say this could be because fewer people came forward for testing . Chlamydia was the most commonly diagnosed STI , accounting for nearly half of the cases diagnosed in 2015 . Young people are routinely offered chlamydia screening , but only 13 % of young men and 32 % of young women were tested in 2015 . The large fall in genital warts - a 7 % drop - was seen in young women , and experts say this was probably because of the national human papilloma virus vaccination programme . All girls aged 12 to 13 are offered the jab as part of the NHS childhood vaccination programme . The FPA charity 's chief executive , , said boys should be offered the vaccine too , which is something ministers are considering . , of Marie Stopes UK , said the statistics should \" set alarm bells ringing \" about the availability of sexual health services for young people and men who have sex with men . \" We have to keep a focus on preventing sexual ill health , and providing prompt diagnosis and treatment to those who need it ,\" she added . The British Association for Sexual Health and HIV said the continued rise of gonorrhoea was extremely disturbing , given the further spread of drug-resistant infections . Dr , head of STI surveillance at PHE , said : \" We need to do more to raise awareness about STIs and how they can be prevented , especially the effectiveness of using condoms . \" We recommend that anyone having sex with a new or casual partner uses condoms and tests regularly for HIV and STIs . \"", "Belgium 's sprinted to victory , while retained his overall lead despite being one of the riders caught behind the collision . Colombian lost more than a minute , but organisers applied the 3km rule to determine finishing times . and second-placed were part of the bunch sprint having been ahead of the crash . The accident split the pack in the closing stages and ended the race of Dutch rider , who sustained a suspected broken collarbone . It was a second win in this year 's Vuelta for Meersman , who held off the challenge of Italy 's and of France . Team Sky 's is aiming to become the first man in 38 years to win the Vuelta and Tour de France in the same season . 1. ( Bel / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 4hrs 16mins 41secs 2. ( Lux / Trek ) same time 3. ( Fra / FDJ ) 4. ( Spa / Astana ) 5. ( Bel / Giant ) 6. ( Spa / Movistar ) 7. ( Fra / Cofidis ) 8. ( Lux / BMC Racing ) 9. ( Bel / Cofidis ) 10. ( Por / Caja Rural ) 1. ( Col / BMC ) 17hrs 39mins 52secs 2. ( Spa / Movistar ) + 28secs 3 ( GB / Team Sky ) + 32secs 4. ( Col / Movistar ) + 38secs 5. ( Col / Orica ) same time 6. ( Spa / BMC ) + 1min 7secs 7. ( Spa / Movistar ) + 1min 10secs 8. ( Cze / Team Sky ) + 1min 12secs 9. ( GB / ) + 1min 14secs 10. ( Ita / Etixx-Quick-Step ) 1min 22secs", "Nats Prestwick expects to handle more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season this year - an increase of 15,000 on last year . The company has announced a \u00c2 \u00a3 600m investment in a new computer system . But it says government support is needed to improve the network of \" ageing \" flightpaths . , head of development at Nats Prestwick , said : \" We are predicted to have the highest amount of traffic we have ever had for a summer period this year . \" We are expecting to have around 15,000 more flights just in July and August compared to last year . \" We are ready for that and our controllers have been doing a great job up to this point making sure that we minimise the delays that people see and making sure that we keep people safe in the skies . \" We have been preparing for this since November , so the summer does n't come as a surprise to us , and we have a series of events to make sure our controllers are ready for the summer traffic . \" Indeed , this year , the build-up in traffic has helped us with that because we 've had record days already that our controllers have dealt with extremely well . \" But one of the big challenges for us is the design of the airspace in the future and the traffic growth . \" He added : \" We are investing over \u00c2 \u00a3 600m over the next few years in the technology systems . \" In fact , at the Prestwick centre we are proud to say that we have the first version of iTec , our new flight data processing system , in operation already and that is the first in the UK . \" The skies are getting fuller every year and we are expecting to see increased traffic growth . \" But if you think about the airspace as effectively motorways in the sky , if you think about 1970s motorways with today 's car traffic , we are in a similar scenario . \" We are going to have to redesign our airspace and we are going to need government support to make sure we can do that in the right way . \"", "It follows 55,000 job cuts announced earlier this year . The losses will come in Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) , which is splitting from the printer and PC business . The company says the cuts will save $ 2.7bn ( \u00c2 \u00a3 1.76bn ) in annual costs , although the plan will cost $ 2.7bn to carry out . At a meeting for Wall Street analysts , chairman and chief executive said : \" We 've done a significant amount of work over the past few years to take costs out and simplify processes and these final actions will eliminate the need for any future corporate restructuring . \" The new structure proposed by sees HP Enterprise focusing primarily on businesses and government agencies , and the PC and printing divisions on the consumer market . The company currently has more than 300,000 employees . \" The number is sadly larger than some people might have expected , but I think it 's a reflection of how much trouble HP has been having with its services ,\" said , analyst at the Silicon Valley IT consulting firm Pund-IT . \" I 'm frankly not sure if HP is finished with the layoffs . \" The company will not say where the cuts will fall , but part of the plan involves changing the nature of the workforce . The proportion of workers in what HPE calls \" low-cost locations \" is expected to rise from around 42 % now to 60 % by 2018 . The tech company has struggled over the last decade to keep up with changing demands as customers move away from desktop computers . However , Hewlett-Packard is still one of the world 's largest technology companies , with revenues this year expected to top $ 50bn . The company famously started life in a Palo Alto garage in California in 1939 and grew to be the guiding light of what became known as Silicon Valley . Its fortunes started to decline with a series of expensive and much criticised acquisitions including Compaq for $ 25bn in 2002 , consultants EDS for $ 14bn in 2008 and Autonomy for $ 11bn in 2011 . In 2012 it lost its position as the world 's leading supplier of PCs to Lenovo . The share price peaked at the height of the dot.com boom in 2000 , and , despite two surges in 2007 and 2010 , it has lost some 60 % of its value since then .", "Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( YAS ) figures show medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at A & E departments in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15 . YAS said waiting time \" was one of the most significant issues \" it faced . A shortage of available hospital beds has been given as one of the problems causing knock-on delays at A & E . Dr , Executive Director of Operations at YAS , said handover waiting times were \" a system problem \" for the NHS , not just in Yorkshire , and said blame could not be attached to individual hospitals . \" We have numerous occasions where we have multiple vehicles queued at hospitals ,\" he said . \" Emergency departments across Yorkshire are working incredibly hard to manage their demand and that means sometimes ambulances are queuing . \" Patients who are not seriously injured may need to wait . \" Professor from NHS England said the increase in waiting times was \" concerning \" and added there were \" a multitude of reasons \" for the rise . \" One of the biggest problems is the pressure on the beds in the hospital ,\" he said . \" That 's because the hospitals are finding it increasingly difficult to move patients and their care back into the community . \" The figures were supplied after a Freedom of Information request by the BBC . Just five hospitals - one each in East , South and West Yorkshire and two in North Yorkshire - accounted for about 70 % of the total waiting time . The handover time is counted only after 15 minutes have elapsed at A & E . The number of hours spent by the YAS to handover patients was about 12,000 In 2013-14 and about 16,000 in 2014-15 . Hull Royal Infirmary ( East Yorkshire ) 6,436 Northern General ( Sheffield , South Yorkshire ) 4,329 Pinderfields ( Wakefield , West Yorkshire ) 3,954 Scarborough District General 3,831 York District Hospital 3,384", "died two days after being shot in Abingdon on 3 November . , 20 , from Ripon Court , Corby , Northamptonshire , and , 20 , from Kempton Avenue , Northolt , Ealing , have both been charged with her murder . They appeared at Oxford Magistrates' Court and will next appear at Oxford Crown Court on Monday . , 26 , was found in Thornhill Walk . She was taken to the John Radcliffe Hospital in a critical condition where she later died . A post-mortem examination was carried out on Monday , where the preliminary cause of death was given as a gunshot wound to the head .", "He died at his home in Cambridge following an illness lasting several months , a statement on his website said . It added his funeral will be private , with a memorial service to be held at a later date . worked with many leading orchestras around the world and was considered one of the most influential exponents of the early-music movement . The conductor founded the Academy of Ancient Music ( AAM ) in 1973 and directed the academy across six continents for some 30 years . The AAM also made more than 200 CDs , including the first-ever complete cycle of Mozart symphonies on period instruments . Among his most famous recordings include the 1980 version of Handel 's Messiah with and , which was named by BBC Music Magazine as one of the top 20 recordings of all time . studied keyboard at Cambridge University with and and later with and . His first positions were as a keyboard player and musicologist with the Academy of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields under Sir , and was a founder member of the Early Music Consort of London . He was the artistic director of the King 's Lynn Festival and Boston 's Handel and Haydn Society . He was also a tutor at Harvard University , honorary professor of music at the University of Cambridge and a professor-at-large at Cornell University in the US . \" had extraordinary generosity of spirit ,\" , honorary president of the AAM , said . \" He was a great ambassador for historically informed music , the movement of which he was a founder . And he was happy to see the orchestra he founded develop and grow after he stepped down as director . \" The AAM 's music director added : \" I am deeply saddened by the news of 's passing . provided a fantastic legacy for me to build upon when I joined in 2006 and I know he will be greatly missed by all who knew and worked with him . \" Speaking to on Radio 3 's In Tune , soprano Dame said : \" Some of the best players that now lead orchestras all over the world , they started with him . \" was a natural academic , an incredibly clever man . He had an amazing capacity to absorb information of all kinds and a really sure sense of how things would be if he really tried to reproduce conditions ... a very genial person . \" from Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance , London added : \" He always said I want the music to speak for itself because it can , it 's good enough , it will\u00e2 \u20ac\u00a6 a very pleasant and lovely man . \"", "was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions , two bears and two tigers in a three-month operation organised by the animal welfare charity Four Paws . Staff found the cub , who they named , in her cage on Saturday . They are now waiting to see whether will give birth to a second cub . Dr , a vet who accompanied the animals , told the Associated Press on Sunday that an ultrasound performed in Turkey had shown she was carrying two . However , he warned that the second cub might already have been born dead and been eaten by . Its fate will not be known until another ultrasound is carried out on Monday . Four Paws said its team had initially been very concerned about whether would accept or kill because of the enormous stress she had endured . \" But luckily that was n't the case . She cleaned the cub and nursed it ,\" the charity added . \" This is a true sign that she feels safe at Al-Mawa . \" 's gender is unknown because staff have not been able to examine the cub .", "The Chancellor will meet finance minister to set out more details of the UK 's bid to renegotiate its EU membership . Securing German backing is important for the success of British plans for reform . has already courted support from Chancellor . Mr said : \" The UK and German economies are the beating heart of Europe , the engine for growth and jobs . \" Together we make the world 's third-largest economy , behind only America and China , and since the crisis ended , we have generated two-thirds of EU growth . \" But the future holds challenges for our economies . We must cut debt and boost productivity . To do this , we need a strong EU , fit for today 's challenges and working for the benefit of all 28 member states . \" The UK 's reform and renegotiation plans aim to achieve this , which is why these talks with key partners in Europe are so important . \" Mr will also visit a Siemens factory in the German capital and address an audience of business leaders at the annual conference of the BDI , the Federation of German Industries . In May Germany 's Chambers of Commerce and Industry warned that a UK exit from the EU would be \" disastrous \" for the two countries . , deputy chief executive of the organisation , told the BBC that German business was \" astonished \" that the UK was planning a referendum on its EU membership . 's renegotiation plans will be formally debated for the first time by the EU 's 28 leaders at a summit in Brussels in mid-December .", "Mining firm OM Manganese was found guilty on Friday - the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted in Australia for desecration of a sacred site . The site is known as Two Women Sitting Down and is at Bootu Creek , north of Tennant Creek . OM Manganese was fined A $ 150,000 ($ 134,000 ; \u00c2 \u00a3 88,000 ) . , CEO of OM Holdings , which owns OM Manganese , said : \" The company never intended to harm , damage or disrespect the sacred site . \" \" We sincerely regret the damage and the hurt caused and I unreservedly apologise to the site 's custodians and traditional owners ,\" he said . Two Women Sitting Down is associated with Australia 's Kunapa people . OM Manganese was accused of causing the collapse of part of the site , including a distinctive rocky outcrop known as the Horse 's Head , in July 2011 . Prosecutors told the Darwin Magistrates Court that the company performed explosive blasting close to the site to break up ground , Australian broadcaster ABC reported . The company was permitted to mine in the area , but was advised to steer clear of sacred sites , and was warned in early 2011 that cracks were appearing in rocks at the Bootu Creek site , the broadcaster said . Dr , chief executive officer of the Aboriginal Areas Protection Authority , said that the site was of great significance to Australia 's indigenous people . \" This site ... relates to a dreaming story about a marsupial rat and a bandicoot who had a fight over bush tucker [ native Australian bush food ],\" he said . \" As the creation ancestors fought , their blood spilled out , turning the rock a dark-red colour that is now associated with manganese . \" Kunapa community representative said : \" It will always remain a sacred site to us , but it has been ruined and we do n't know what to do because this has never happened to the old people . \" It has been there for thousands of years as part of our culture and our story . \" Indigenous Australians believe the land is the mother of creation , and is a living , breathing mass full of secrets and wisdom , the BBC 's in Sydney reports .", "K , who was born male but underwent gender reassignment surgery , applied to become a police sub-inspector in the southern state . But the state police board did not recognise a third gender , leading her to pursue a legal case against it . A court in Chennai ( Madras ) has now ruled in her favour . \" I 'm excited ,\" was quoted as saying by India 's NDTV network . \" It 's a new beginning for the entire transgender community . \" A ruling by two judges in Chennai 's high court said : \" The social impact of such recruitment cannot be lost sight of , as it would give strength to the case of transgenders . \" must reach the finish line , and not be stopped and disqualified in the middle . \" India 's supreme court recognised transgender people as a third gender last April , five years after the electoral commission added the category to ballot forms . The ruling meant the government had to provide transgender people with quotas in jobs and education in line with other minorities , as well as key amenities . There are an estimated two million transgender people in India . While the Times of India reports that Tamil Nadu police already have three transgender constables on their books , reports in other Indian media said will become the first officer in the country . was born and left her parents' home before completing a computer studies course and undergoing surgery . She had wanted to be a police officer since being a child , Indian media said . The court also ruled that the result of a police physical test , which failed after being a second late in a 100-metre dash , was not valid ."], "summary": ["A man has appeared in court after firearms, ammunition and cash were seized by police in Edinburgh.", "Four people accused of kidnapping and torturing a mentally disabled man in a \"racially motivated\" attack streamed on Facebook have been denied bail.", "West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.", "The reaction from BT's investors told us much about media regulator Ofcom's ruling on the fate of Openreach, the BT subsidiary that provides much of the UK's broadband infrastructure.", "Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.", "Queen's University Belfast is cutting 236 jobs and 290 student places due to a funding reduction.", "Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.", "Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson says none of the money from Eunan O'Kane's move to Leeds from Bournemouth will go to the playing squad.", "North Wales Police has been criticised at an inquest for sending an officer to speak to a hospital patient with paranoid schizophrenia.", "Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher has joined Sheffield Wednesday on an initial month-long loan.", "John \"Brad\" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.", "Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.", "Former England striker Andy Cole says he faces a \"long road ahead\" as he recovers from his recent kidney transplant.", "Pakistan has unblocked the video sharing site, YouTube, more than three years after it was banned for posting a video deemed insulting to Islam.", "Leicester Tigers winger Miles Benjamin is likely to be out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury, reports BBC Radio Leicester.", "Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed 218 people, government officials have confirmed.", "All images copyrighted.", "Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined HK$6m (\u00a3460,000) by Hong Kong regulators after it failed to detect a series of unauthorised transactions by one of its traders.", "South African police say four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of former actor on popular local TV series Generations.", "A shot was reportedly fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool as parents were taking their children inside, police have said.", "Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.", "A total of 228 candidates will contest the Northern Ireland Assembly election next month - 48 fewer than last time.", "With the value of the pound falling dramatically since Brexit, a \"flash crash\" last week when the currency lost 6% of its value against the dollar, and news on Tuesday that the pound had fallen again, when would be a good time to change those pounds to dollars?", "A philosophy student who wears vintage clothing has won a national contest for alternative models.", "Plans to move a statue depicting a Royal Marine in the Falklands conflict away from Portsmouth seafront have been criticised.", "A suspected terrorist has been charged with breaching conditions imposed as part of the government's new terror monitoring powers.", "Sussex have appointed former player James Anyon as head coach of their women's side.", "League One side Bury have signed former Barnsley defender Reece Brown on a six-month contract.", "South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($242; \u00c2\u00a3199) a month.", "Azhar Ali's unbeaten 66 helped Pakistan to reach 142-4 against Australia on a rain-affected first day of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.", "Two new councillors have been elected in a by-election in the City of Edinburgh.", "Wales Under-20 Grand Slam winners Shaun Evans and Dafydd Hughes have signed their first professional contracts with Scarlets.", "Fire crews are expected to leave the site of the Shoreham Airshow disaster later after spending nearly three weeks at the scene of the crash.", "White House officials will not say whether pop star Prince performed at a weekend party at the executive residence despite guests posting about it on social media.", "These roads in Northern Ireland are closed due to poor weather conditions as of Friday 15 January.", "US investigators have closed an inquiry into whether To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee was pressured into publishing a sequel.", "The US has said it is suspending talks with Russia over Syria, accusing Moscow of having \"failed to live up\" to its commitments under a ceasefire deal.", "A church in West Yorkshire has recruited a new vicar following a video job advertisement sung by a choir of children.", "Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne says he will be out for about 10 weeks after injuring his right knee during Wednesday's League Cup semi-final victory over Everton.", "A 34-year-old woman who was injured in an attack by a knifeman on a Swiss train has died in hospital, police say.", "A \"reckless drone operator\" is being sought by police after reports of a \"near miss\" between a drone and plane.", "A seal found tangled in nets on an Aberdeenshire beach has been returned to the sea.", "A lifetime of diaries, letters and photographs of a man described as a cross between Indiana Jones, James Bond and Graham Greene has opened to the public.", "Regional official Tim Roache has been elected to become the new general secretary of the GMB union.", "League Two Exeter City made a profit of over \u00a31.6m last year, according to the club's latest accounts.", "Para-athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after a metal throwing cage fell on him during training.", "Manufacturers have reported positive business trends, in the latest survey from the Scottish Chambers of Commerce.", "A computer model of one of the world's tallest three-sided obelisks is being made to find out why it is falling apart.", "Profit jumped at Zara owner Inditex in the first half of the year as the firm opened new stores and invested in online.", "A victim of the Rochdale grooming gang says the convictions were still \"not fazing\" Asian child sex abusers.", "John Lewis's Nottingham store is to remain closed longer than expected after 80,000 litres of hot water leaked from a ruptured heating pipe.", "New Sale Sharks chairman Fran Cotton has conceded they must work to restore their relationship with some fans.", "Disney's latest animation Moana dominated the Thanksgiving box office over the five-day US holiday weekend.", "British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford with a straight-set win over Julia Boserup.", "Two men have been assaulted in Larne, County Antrim, by a gang armed with baseball bats and a hatchet.", "Stuart Bingham may pull out of the Masters if his wife goes into labour with their third child.", "Part of Colwyn Bay pier is to be dismantled after it collapsed into the sea, Conwy council has decided.", "A campaign group has been granted a hearing to examine the case for a judicial review of the decision to build student flats near a beauty spot.", "More human remains have been found near a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.", "Uzbekistan's Hasanboy Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight with victory over Colombian Yuberjen Herney Martinez.", "University lecturers are due to start a two-day strike over pay, amid warnings other staff could join the dispute.", "Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with Yokohama FC at the age of 48.", "Clashes have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.", "Sale Sharks forward Mark Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season to take up a teaching role.", "The quality of care on a scandal-hit ward for dementia patients may have contributed to at least seven deaths, BBC Wales can reveal.", "A 25-year-old man from Limavady has been jailed for knocking out two men in separate attacks on the same night.", "The United States women's team goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for 30 days by US Soccer following an incident during a training camp.", "A barrister who was due to move into his own chambers in Huddersfield has pleaded guilty to supplying cocaine.", "Scottish engineering services company ID Systems Ltd has announced plans to create 120 new jobs after securing a six-figure investment from UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE).", "Actor and broadcaster Sir Tony Robinson has said plans for a tunnel near Stonehenge in Wiltshire are too \"old-fashioned\" in outlook.", "Scunthorpe midfielder Neal Bishop has signed a one-year contract extension.", "A man from Croydon has been charged with murder after the death of his partner last month.", "A Frenchwoman injured in the attack on Tunisia's national museum has died of her wounds, bringing the total killed in the assault by Islamists to 22.", "Satellite images of Mosul have revealed how fighters from so-called Islamic State (IS) have destroyed much of the city's airport to render it unusable as Iraqi forces close in.", "Network Rail has promised to do \"everything in its power\" to stop a repeat of the rail chaos at Christmas when it carries out work over Easter.", "Permission has been given for exploratory drilling for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.", "Amazon, the global online retailer, is changing the way it records sales in a move that could see it paying more tax.", "Junior doctors should suspend Tuesday's strike action over pay and conditions while talks continue, the chief medical officer for England has urged.", "Oxford United have extended the loan of right-back Jonjoe Kenny from Premier League side Everton until the end of the season.", "A further education college in Dorset has received more than \u00a32.88m in government funding to renovate buildings on campus.", "The family of the former footballer Jeff Astle is to meet the FA chairman next month to discuss head injuries in the game, as part of their campaign.", "Brothers Ben and Tom Curry have signed five-year contracts with Sale Sharks.", "Police in Fife are searching for a man who was seen exposing himself in Dunfermline.", "A UN conference aimed at preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons has ended in failure after a row over a nuclear-free Middle East proposal.", "Fracking for shale gas in Wales should still be opposed despite plans to fast-track such schemes in England, the Welsh government has said.", "A collection of paintings capturing the landscapes and legacy of life on the North East coast is going on display.", "Hibernian's Neil Lennon believes Scott Brown retired too soon from Scotland duty and still has plenty to offer now he has decided to return.", "A buzzard has been rescued after becoming trapped between fencing and a wall in Gwynedd.", "Post Office workers will stage five days of strikes from Monday in a continuing dispute over jobs, pensions and branch closures, their union says.", "Steroids and medicines with an estimated street value of some 2m euros (\u00c2\u00a31.7m) have been seized in Donegal.", "Sinn F\u00c3\u00a9in leader Gerry Adams has said there is \"a need to be open and imaginative\" on new constitutional arrangements.", "Morecambe must not get carried away despite sitting top of League Two, says Shrimps boss Jim Bentley.", "A court in the Indian capital has formally charged a driver of the Uber web-based taxi firm with the rape and kidnapping of a passenger last month.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells and Great Britain team-mate Sam Scrimgeour remain on course to defend their lightweight pairs world title after winning their semi-final in Rotterdam on Thursday.", "Former Kilmarnock winger Chris Johnston has become the third player to sign for Dumbarton this summer after leaving relegated Raith Rovers.", "The three-day TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow is to start later with a Friday line-up of acts including Radiohead and Belle and Sebastian.", "The US has warned North Korea to refrain from \"irresponsible provocation\" after the communist state said its main nuclear facility had resumed normal operations.", "A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after pieces of human bones were found by detectives investigating the death of a man 25 years ago.", "Ireland eased to seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe to top their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying group and set up a semi-final against Scotland.", "The daughter of a man who died after a hospital failed it its \"duty of care\" said lessons have not been learned.", "Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is third after day one of the men's omnium as he aims for his first Olympic Games medal.", "The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra \u00a372m to help deal with pressures in the service.", "The Winklevoss brothers have re-started their long-running legal dispute with Facebook and its boss Mark Zuckerberg.", "A 14-year-old boy has been left with \"life-threatening\" injuries after being knocked down by a car.", "Birmingham City have signed Dundee forward Greg Stewart on a three-year deal for a fee believed to be around \u00a3500,000.", "A former soldier who agreed to obtain information from an army barracks for a newspaper will not face a trial, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.", "Inspectors have called for major improvements at two privately-run elderly care homes after finding problems during recent visits.", "Four men were arrested in north London when police found a gun, a sword and a knife in the car they were travelling in.", "An estimated 63,000 properties in north Lancashire were hit by a power cut, Electricity North West has said.", "Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.", "Shopkeepers near the Isle of Wight's troubled new \"floating bridge\" have asked councillors to consider compensating them for loss of business.", "French side Lille have exercised their option to sign Naim Sliti on a permanent deal when his loan move from second-tier side Red Star expires this summer.", "Children across Britain linked up with Tim Peake on the International Space Station yesterday for a big question and answer session.", "World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named the 2013 BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.", "A civilian cargo aircraft has landed safely after being escorted into Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after suffering technical problems with its communications equipment.", "Police have been given more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "BBC Sport is showing live coverage of the EuroBasket warm-up game between Great Britain and Greece at the Copper Box in London on Saturday 19 August.", "More than 13,000 email addresses have been stolen from Edinburgh city council's database following a \"malicious cyber attack\".", "The photo sharing service Instagram announced it will start placing ads in US users photo streams in a posting on its website.", "Actor Michael C Hall is to perform a tribute to David Bowie at this week's Mercury Music Prize ceremony.", "A former Metropolitan Police officer has been found not guilty of sexually assaulting a teenage boy in the back of a police van nearly 30 years ago.", "Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has rejected calls for a \"softer\" Brexit after the general election result led to a hung parliament.", "Relatives of the 96 people who died at Hillsborough have told the home secretary they want a \"Hillsborough Law\" to compel public officials to tell the truth at inquiries.", "An elderly woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck.", "Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United to move their home games because of flooding.", "Two Manchester United fans spent Friday night undetected in an Old Trafford toilet in an attempt to see Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.", "An electrician whose \u00a3200 worth of tools were mistakenly sold for \u00a31 in a charity shop has had them returned.", "Laura Muir says she'll be \"gutted\" to miss April's Commonwealth Games.", "Southend United will give striker Nile Ranger a chance to relaunch his career when he is released from prison.", "Lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the South Coast this summer after seven men drowned last year.", "Partick Thistle captain Abdul Osman says the players are praying manager Alan Archibald stays at the club for another season.", "Ten youths have been arrested by Canadian police on suspicion of planning to travel to Iraq and Syria to join Islamic State.", "League Two side York City have signed Hull City midfielder Matt Dixon on an 18-month deal.", "Belfast Giants remain within four points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after earning a 5-1 Boxing Day away win over Braehead Clan.", "BBC Rewind looks at the history of the Flying Scotsman as it prepares to return to the railways.", "A man who claimed he was abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has lost a legal action for compensation.", "Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has had the biggest UK box office opening weekend of the year so far.", "Britain's Victoria Williamson says she is lucky not to be paralysed after her serious crash at Rotterdam's Zesdaagse.", "The head of the national body for police commissioners resigned in order to appear on the BBC's Question Time following the Manchester attack.", "The developers of the proposed Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing a \"grossly misleading\" analysis of the project's likely impact on fish.", "Premiership side Sale Sharks will sign Scotland and Glasgow back row forward Josh Strauss on a three-year deal from next season.", "A China Eastern Airlines plane has had to turn back to Sydney airport after a technical failure which left a hole in an engine casing.", "The government is to reconsider a visa for an American mother facing deportation from the UK.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.", "Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has appointed Bruno Tshibala as the new prime minister of the power-sharing government.", "Journalists at Fairfax Media, one of Australia's largest publishers, have gone on strike for a week to protest against massive job cuts.", "Teenager Tom Marquand has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of three-times champion jockey Ryan Moore by his trainer Richard Hannon.", "The Colombian government and Farc rebels have agreed to resume peace talks, which were suspended last month over the abduction of an army general, mediators say.", "The Football Association has charged Blackburn midfielder Hope Akpan with violent conduct after he was sent off for pushing a referee.", "Former British number one Laura Robson will play at next month's grass-court Wimbledon warm-up event in Nottingham.", "The Democratic Republic of the Congo has been urged to investigate at least 421 bodies found in an unmarked burial ground in the capital, Kinshasa.", "Everton have agreed a deal with Premier League rivals Southampton that paves the way for Ronald Koeman to become their new manager.", "Over the last three decades, governments of various stripes have promised radical change to solve England's housing crisis and today's White Paper is no exception.", "A body found near Strathclyde Park in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.", "Neymar is the most valuable player in Europe - worth about \u00a3216m - according to a new study which values 10 players at more than 100m euros.", "A row between a Police and Crime Commissioner and his deputy, who was found guilty of serious misconduct, has been resolved following a payout.", "Northern Ireland goalscorer Gareth McAuley says Thursday's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine - their first at a European Championship - was \"massive\".", "A student whose mother and teenage brother were stabbed to death is focusing on caring for her father who was also injured in the attack.", "South Korea's education minister has apologised after two faulty questions in the national college entrance exam left thousands of students confused.", "National League North side Gloucester City are in talks with rugby league team Gloucestershire All Golds about a potential groundshare.", "A Labour MP who accused Jeremy Corbyn of threatening to use his father - former Sinn F\u00e9in mayor Pat McGinn - to \"bully me into submission\" has spoken publicly about the row.", "Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been confirmed among 126 riders for the 2016 Tour of Britain, which begins in Glasgow on Sunday.", "A former financial controller has admitted stealing more than \u00a3440,000 from a hospital charity.", "Police in India's Maharashtra state have arrested five members of an upper caste for beating, stripping and parading naked a low-caste Dalit woman.", "Toshiba shares rallied more than 10% on Thursday on reports the firm was about to secure substantial new loans for its restructuring efforts.", "England's batsmen must \"pull their fingers out\" if they are to win the third Test against Pakistan and draw the series 1-1, says James Anderson.", "British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he will not repeat Graham Henry's 2001 mistake by splitting the squad early in the tour.", "Rangers have made right-back Lee Hodson their eighth summer signing on a three-year deal from MK Dons.", "Criminals and terrorists are using the so-called dark net to buy weapons, a new study has suggested.", "Chris Rock has announced that he's separating from his wife.", "A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted an American visa so he can have surgery to remove excess skin.", "A new type of drug could benefit men with aggressive prostate cancer that is no longer responding to treatment, researchers from the Institute of Cancer Research have said.", "European leagues are free to schedule domestic games on the same nights as Champions League and Europa League ties after an agreement with Uefa ended.", "Police are investigating the rape of a woman in Queens Park in Glasgow's Southside.", "Swansea's caretaker manager Alan Curtis says there would be no guarantee the club would return to the Premier League if they were relegated this season.", "The overall student loan debt for Welsh students has reached \u00a33.7bn, new figures show.", "Police in Italy have arrested a jobless man who posed as an airline pilot, tricking his way into riding in the cockpit of at least one jet.", "David Cameron has said too many children from immigrant families are not able to speak English when they start at school.", "Low pay and scarce hours are pushing working families and young people into poverty in Wales, a new report claims.", "Schools have been reopening in Guinea after a five-month closure because of the deadly Ebola outbreak.", "The sister of a teenager who was murdered, cut up and buried by her boyfriend says she is afraid after discovering he has been out of prison.", "Craft brewer BrewDog has raised $1m (\u00a3770,000) from US investors within the first three days of a new funding round, according to the company.", "An industrial dispute at Tata Steel has ended after workers voted to accept changes to their pension scheme.", "Keurig Green Mountain, which makes K-cups single-serve coffee pods, said it has accepted a $13.9bn (\u00a39.2bn) bid.", "A university has withdrawn a poster which appeared to ridicule Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence after her nude pictures were leaked on the internet.", "A man has been stabbed to death in a street in north London.", "Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to perform consistently at a \"high intensity\" if they are to earn more international recognition.", "Hundreds of rooms at a \u00a345m student halls development at Aberystwyth University will not be ready for the new term.", "Characters based on a Nickelodeon cartoon were dropped from a Northern Ireland council's Christmas celebrations - after it emerged they were unauthorised.", "Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton coach Colin Calderwood as their assistant manager to Steve Bruce.", "Great Britain will miss the men's Olympic 4x100m relay final after being disqualified in their semi-final.", "Police are appealing for witnesses following a head-on crash between a car and a bus in West Lothian.", "Police have named a 52-year-old man who died after the forklift truck he was driving toppled over.", "Great Britain's double gold medallist Nicola Adams believes new trainer Virgil Hunter will play a key part in success as a professional.", "Lala Njava's music is grounded in Madagascan tradition but is enriched with jazz, trance and afrobeat.", "Smoking could play a direct role in the development of schizophrenia and needs to be investigated, researchers say.", "A family of five, including three young children, had to be rescued from a Somerset beach after their car got stuck in the mud on Saturday evening.", "Dundee United have signed their second goalkeeper in a week by bringing in Harry Lewis on loan from Southampton.", "Auditors have questioned the way a health board handled funding awarded to a celebrity-led charity event.", "An 85-year-old woman has died after being struck by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.", "A tractor being driven by a 15-year-old boy \"as a taxi for his drunk mates\" has been stopped by police in North Yorkshire.", "A man accused of claiming almost \u00c2\u00a310,000 after allegedly pretending his family died in the Grenfell Tower fire has denied two counts of fraud.", "A farmer told to demolish a mock Tudor castle that was built without planning permission has vowed to rebuild \"the work of art\" elsewhere.", "Full services on Nottingham's new tram lines have started, eight months behind schedule.", "Thieves broke into vans and stole tools being used by a team working on a life-changing project for TV show DIY SOS.", "Oil and gas exploration firm Tullow Oil has reported a pre-tax loss of \u00a31.3bn for the year to 31 December as low oil prices bit into revenues.", "A man who tried to get home on a 2.5 tonne road roller after a night out drinking in Dumfries has received a 15-month driving ban.", "A whisky distillery plans to invest \u00a3580,000 in community projects to mark its 200 years on the island of Islay.", "A plane bound for Chicago has been forced to make an emergency landing for the second time in two days.", "The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes said she is going to sue police over mishandling her murder case.", "Brazilian police say they want to speak to International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about an alleged scheme to resell tickets during last month's Rio Olympics.", "Three rare pygmy marmosets have been rescued and are set to be reunited, after being stolen from a Sydney zoo at the weekend.", "Forget James Bond, when it comes to recruiting spies needed to protect Britain there aren't enough Jane Bonds.", "The world leader of millions of Muslims has condemned the Westminster terror attack calling it an \"affront to the teachings of Islam\".", "Singer Charlotte Church has lost her unborn baby, she has announced.", "A man who admitted causing a fatal crash while being pursued by an unmarked police car has been jailed for nine years.", "A pensioner who underwent gender re-assignment surgery at the age of 69 says she lived \"in the wrong body\" for most of her life because she feared the reaction of her friends and family.", "Astronomers have discovered a baby planet which looks like a young version of Jupiter.", "Campaigners have opened a camp with thousands of protesters due in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.", "The High Court has banned publication of photographs allegedly stolen from Pippa Middleton's iCloud account.", "Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales back-rower Rob McCusker on a short-term contract as injury cover.", "Heavily armed men have attacked a convoy of cars belonging to a Saudi prince, stealing 250,000 euros (\u00a3200,000; $330,000), police say.", "\"Dedicated\" and \"hungry for success\" are phrases used a lot in connection with athletes heading to compete in an Olympic Games.", "Mobile and landline telephone services have been restored in Shetland after coverage was lost for several hours causing disruption.", "A girls' school has scrapped its end of year prom claiming it is too much of a \"distraction\" to pupils.", "Leyton Orient have appointed former chief executive Matt Porter to their board of directors following Nigel Travis' takeover on 22 June.", "US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted there is a reason she was seen nodding off at the president's State of the Union address.", "A man is being held in Manchester on suspicion of terrorism offences.", "Detectives investigating the alleged attempted kidnap of a baby are appealing for a taxi driver to contact them.", "One of Scotland's most wanted fugitives is still believed to be hiding in the Netherlands almost 10 years after he raped a woman in Glasgow.", "A paedophile who raped a 12-year-old boy after grooming him online has been jailed for 13 years.", "Italy's first female astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, is spending almost six months on the International Space Station.", "A council is to seek a civil injunction and damages against one of its own councillors and other members of the public.", "Guinea-Bissau's players have ended their strike after being paid outstanding wages, four days before the start of the Africa Cup of Nations.", "David Cameron has voiced his \"strong support\" for the expansion of grammar schools during a visit to the South East.", "A disturbance at a prison saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put \"out of commission\", a union has said.", "Batsman Joe Root has credited sacked coach Peter Moores with the form that resulted in him being named England's player of the year.", "Manager Grant McCann has apologised to the fans for Peterborough United's 4-1 home defeat by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Southend United.", "An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.", "A railway line which was closed due to a landslip is to reopen next week, Network Rail has announced.", "A surfer who lost his leg in a shark attack in Western Australia last week has died, police say.", "A jet skier has been airlifted to hospital after a crash involving a speedboat during an event off Anglesey.", "A mother-of-four battered a toddler to death months after she was made the child's legal guardian, a court has heard.", "Mixu Paatelainen praised his Dundee United players' resolve as they beat St Johnstone 1-0, despite being reduced to 10 men for the last 30 minutes.", "A man has been found guilty of murdering his \"on-off partner\" by bludgeoning her to death.", "Three nightclub doormen have told how they helped rescue a man trapped in an upturned car in a water-filled ditch.", "The Italian parliament has approved a long-debated and extensive electoral reform that aims to give the country more political stability.", "(Close) The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a fresh high for a second consecutive day after a rally in financial shares boosted the index.", "Paralympic champions Jonnie Peacock, Hannah Cockroft, Richard Whitehead and Kadeena Cox are in the Great Britain squad for next month's World Para-Athletics Championships in London.", "The president of Afghanistan has told an emotional husband that a group of men accused of gang raping his wife would be brought to justice.", "A man who sparked a drug-fuelled roof-top siege after breaking up with his partner has been given a suspended prison sentence.", "Warwickshire took command of the battle of Division One's bottom two after Jonathan Trott had reached the 42nd first-class century of his career.", "Jack Grealish scored twice on his full debut as England Under-21s continued their perfect start to the Toulon Tournament by thrashing Guinea.", "Richard Carpenter has said he is owed at least $2m (\u00c2\u00a31.6m) in royalties for the hits he recorded in The Carpenters, including Yesterday Once More.", "An artist's impression of how an expanded primary school in Addlestone will look has been unveiled.", "New Portsmouth recruit Amine Linganzi is determined to secure a long-term contract with the club.", "Ulster pair Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to make a return from injury for the end of season run-in.", "More than 400 people have attended a meeting to oppose plans for a supermarket.", "Queen of the South fought back from two goals down to draw with promotion-chasing Falkirk in the Championship.", "A school has been accused of breaching anti-discrimination laws after claims a four-year-old Muslim pupil was told she could not wear a headscarf.", "A man who fraudulently claimed nearly \u00a340,000 in benefits over the course of almost 11 years has been jailed for 18 months.", "The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the three months to June, driven in part by a booming film industry, said the Office for National Statistics (ONS).", "Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said Manchester United's important players were \"in our pockets\" in a match that went \"exactly\" as they wanted.", "A review team looking at the quality of life of older people is to swoop unannounced on 100 care homes.", "Owen Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language television broadcaster S4C.", "Liverpool centre-back Mamadou Sakho was suspended last season for taking a substance that was not on the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) banned list, according to a Uefa report.", "Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.", "Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has issued a stern public rebuke to the military deputy chief of staff.", "MPs have called on the UK government not to cut its funding of Welsh language channel S4C.", "The main tunnel serving Scotland's third busiest rail station is to close for 20 weeks, causing major disruption.", "Nottingham Forest owner and chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi says he is close to agreeing a deal to sell the club.", "Key countries in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have pledged to pursue \"growth-friendly\" policies to kickstart the slowing world economy.", "Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, is not among the 10 Republicans running for president who will take part in the first primetime TV debate.", "Leicester Tigers have signed new England loose-head prop Ellis Genge from newly-promoted Bristol.", "Staff at Swansea's DVLA offices will be redeployed rather than face redundancy after changes to the way motorists pay their car tax, a UK transport minister has confirmed.", "Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the decision to scrap the toss in the County Championship this season looks like it is working.", "Some people say they are addicted to Facebook and can't go for long without checking their status.", "A teenage boy has appeared in court for a second time charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed at his Aberdeen school.", "Walsall have signed goalkeeper Mark Gillespie on a two-year contract from Carlisle United on a free transfer.", "Two men from High Wycombe jailed for a fatal stabbing have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.", "Patrick Roberts believes his loan spell at Celtic will prepare him for the challenge of trying to break into the Manchester City first team.", "Colchester have signed goalkeeper Rene Gilmartin as a player-coach after his release by Watford, and confirmed Dean Brill will not be returning.", "A man shot his ill wife before killing himself in a suicide pact, an inquest has heard.", "Australia has confirmed it sent 46 asylum seekers back to Vietnam after intercepting their boat off the coast of Western Australia last month.", "MotoGP championship leader Marc Marquez moved 52 points clear in the title race with victory at the Aragon Grand Prix.", "Helen Glover expects her partnership with Polly Swann to develop quickly as they prepare for the European Championships in Belgrade.", "Nick Clegg has accused the new Tory government of abandoning the values he said had been at the coalition's core.", "Industrial production in China recorded a smaller-than-expected rise in April, underlining worries that the economy may be losing steam.", "Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Aaron Tshibola on a one-month loan deal and Mansfield striker Rakish Bingham on a season-long loan.", "People are voting across Merseyside in the general and local council elections.", "A large billboard has been puzzling residents of a County Down town, and commuters on the main route between Bangor and Belfast.", "Hundreds of aerospace jobs could be lost if a factory is forced to \"significantly downsize\" or close, it has been claimed.", "A man accused of kidnapping his partner allegedly drove at a police officer who tried to save her, a court has heard.", "Declassified documents reveal concerns of the UK government 60 years ago that Rockall could become a base for spying on a missile test site.", "The artist who created the album cover for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been given a top honour in the band's home city.", "Alfreton Town have signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney on loan from League Two side York for the rest of the season.", "The International Monetary Fund has today highlighted the challenge to be faced by the next government in returning the public finances to balance.", "BBC newsreader Sophie Raworth is to be part of Watchdog's new presenting team.", "The BBC generated more than \u00a38bn for the UK economy in 2011-12, almost twice its licence fee spend.", "The US has said that it will resume aid to the military in Bahrain.", "A signed Beatles ticket from a concert in Norfolk in 1963 is expected to fetch up to \u00a32,000 at auction in London.", "A body has been found by police in their search for a missing man from Merthyr Tydfil.", "Red Bull have said that their hopes of securing a Mercedes engine supply in 2016 are now over.", "Guernsey's Environment Department has invited islanders to identify the parcels of land that could be suitable for development.", "An actress who appeared in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to attend a special screening of the movie in Kingussie later.", "Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego both made centuries to drag Somerset back into contention with Middlesex on day three of the County Championship match.", "A power cut left Venezuela's parliament in the dark as it discussed a law dedicated to the energy sector.", "Two international rugby stars have returned to their home club to help coach an under-10s team and to watch the first XV in action.", "The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.", "Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, says Scarlets captain Ken Owens.", "Widnes Vikings claimed just their second Super League win of the season with a narrow victory over St Helens.", "A former Welsh amateur boxing champion said she is turning professional as she does not have confidence in the governing body.", "World number one Novak Djokovic won his first title since his surprise exit from Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Japan's Kei Nishikori in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.", "Peter Houston is still seeking to fine-tune his Falkirk squad, with a striker and defender pinpointed as priorities.", "Humans lived in the Amazon rainforest much earlier than previously thought, and even helped shape its biodiversity, researchers have said.", "Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.", "Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined to make sure the club is not involved in another Premier League relegation fight next season.", "Labour's Barry Coppinger has been re-elected as Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner.", "The Queen has been spotted having an evening meal at an Edinburgh pub.", "A court in the Philippines has found a US marine guilty of killing a transgender woman.", "Great Britain's Colin Fleming says tennis players guilty of match-fixing should face life bans.", "The Pentagon is considering transferring Private Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison in order to treat her gender dysphoria, US media report.", "Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the first round of the Korea Open by qualifier Nicole Gibbs.", "St Johnstone have made 18-year-old Northern Irish midfielder Kyle McClean their first signing of the summer.", "Disney has become the first film studio to take $7bn (\u00c2\u00a35.7bn) in global ticket sales for 2016.", "Some 11,180 students were placed on undergraduate courses in the UK through clearing in the first 24 hours after yesterday's A-level results.", "Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced plans to track foreign homeownership and raised the possibility of eventually enacting limits on buying.", "The grandmother of a four-year-old boy who received part of his father's liver has said all is going \"according to plan\" following the operation.", "A Whitehaven woman who defrauded a charity set up by a teenager dying of cancer who became well-known for her \"bucket list\" has been sentenced.", "A former special constable who groomed and engaged in sexual activity with a child has been jailed for five years.", "ScotRail said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to bring to an end a dispute over driver-only operated trains.", "People who have been flocking to Fife to see a whale which has been breaching in the Firth of Forth are being warned from \"making any attempts to approach or actively pursue\" it.", "Cardiff Devils lost 6-1 away to Nottingham Panthers in the Elite League, less than 48 hours before playing the same opposition in the Challenge Cup final.", "Organisers of the Miss America pageant have apologised to actress Vanessa Williams, 32 years after she was forced to hand back her title.", "More than 20 parties have come forward with bids to either recycle four Royal Navy frigates or turn some of them into artificial reefs, the BBC has learned.", "Ofgem has asked for more information on why a subsea cable is needed to carry electricity generated on the Western Isles to the mainland.", "Hostage Johan Gustafsson, held by al-Qaeda in Mali since 2011, has been freed, the Swedish government says.", "Action to reduce the number of Welsh children with type 1 diabetes from being admitted to hospital is needed as cases continue to rise, experts warn.", "A man whose son was killed during an opposition protest in Venezuela's capital Caracas has made a personal plea to President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro.", "The Public Prosecution Service and the PSNI have launched a legal bid to gain access to all interviews and notes by a former IRA member who was one of the main researchers for a Troubles history project at Boston College.", "A baby tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Lancashire.", "Bird flu has been confirmed in a flock of 19,500 turkeys at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said.", "The UN refugee agency has criticised Cameroon for the forced return of hundreds of refugees to north-east Nigeria after they had fled from the Islamist Boko Haram insurgency.", "A woman who nearly drowned during a school swimming lesson when she was 10 years old has won a compensation battle at the High Court.", "The ruling party in Burundi has won the parliamentary election boycotted by the main opposition parties.", "Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify military documents about the killing of ex-president Thomas Sankara, a lawyer for his family has said.", "At least two people have died and several others are feared missing after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa.", "Four of the UK's worst traffic bottlenecks occur on the Edinburgh bypass, according to new research.", "A pensioner used a mini camera to secretly film women's bare legs in a Falkirk shopping centre, a court was told.", "The authorities in Texas have charged two men with conspiring to harbour suspected illegal immigrants.", "St Johnstone players Danny Swanson and Richard Foster are set to face \"severe\" punishments for brawling with each other in the 1-0 defeat at Hamilton, manager Tommy Wright says.", "British artists have scooped several nominations for the 2015 Grammys.", "Millions of Muslims all around the world will be celebrating Eid al-Fitr this week to mark the end of Ramadan.", "Ten men were arrested after a teenager was stabbed and gun shots were fired, police said.", "The partner of a transgender woman found dead in a men's prison while on remand has told an inquest she did not want to be in a male jail.", "Personal insolvency numbers have returned to \"relative stability\" in Scotland following the introduction last year of new bankruptcy legislation, according to officials.", "A group of primary school children were injured on a trip to a farm when the trailer they were in became detached from the tractor pulling it.", "Pope Francis has condemned the \"complicit silence\" about the killing of Christians during a Good Friday service in Rome.", "The Bolivian government has declared a state of emergency in a vast agricultural area affected by a plague of locusts.", "Wales rugby great Gareth Edwards has been knighted by the Duke of Cambridge in recognition of a glittering sporting career and services to charity.", "Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes are close to be being snuffed out following a 3-0 loss to England at Wembley.", "Polar bears involved in a Scottish captive breeding project are sharing an enclosure and mating.", "Guy Martin and John McGuinness will race for the Japanese-based Mugen team in this year's TT race for electric-powered machines.", "A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.", "A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over his confrontation with a woman who died in jail shortly after being arrested.", "A tweet from One Direction's Louis Tomlinson to Harry Styles has become the second most retweeted post of all time.", "A German court has sentenced a doctor who fled Chile to five years in prison for involvement in child sex abuse at a commune called Colonia Dignidad.", "Three weeks after the general election, and a week after the state opening of Parliament, new MPs have been busy making their maiden speeches in the House of Commons.", "A country pub saved from closure after villagers stepped in to buy it has been named national pub of the year.", "Mexican authorities are to investigate allegations children battling cancer were given \"distilled water\" instead of chemotherapy.", "Gloucester City chairman Nigel Hughes has urged absent fans to return to the struggling non-league club.", "The funeral of an Afghanistan veteran and Green Beret who died after collapsing during the London Marathon has been held in Dunfermline, Fife.", "A man who was tortured and raped during an attack by two of his former friends in a Belfast flat has said he thought he was \"going to die that night\".", "A militant from the so-called Islamic State (IS) believed to be responsible for a deadly attack on US troops in northern Iraq has been killed in a drone strike, the US military said.", "Vin Diesel sang, Channing Tatum danced and Zac Efron showed off his abs, yes - again, at the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.", "Plymouth Argyle striker Jimmy Spencer will miss at least three months after breaking and dislocating his ankle.", "Radamel Falcao has been omitted from Chelsea's 25-man squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.", "A baby dolphin has died after it was surrounded by tourists looking to take photographs on a beach in southern Spain.", "Two men have been assaulted by an armed gang in south Belfast.", "Several thousand customers were left without electricity for a time on Wednesday night.", "A man has been stabbed to death in Mottingham in the early hours of Boxing Day.", "Plans for a controversial cycle path through Edinburgh have been agreed in principle by city councillors.", "Last year's winner Many Clouds heads Saturday's Grand National field after the 40-runner line-up was confirmed.", "Keepers at Chester Zoo are making sure every creature, from the biggest elephant to the smallest beetle, is present and correct as part of their annual animal count.", "A manhunt is under way in Germany after a man allegedly stabbed a nine-year-old neighbour to death and uploaded a video boasting of his deed to the dark web.", "A second referendum on the details of any Brexit deal should be offered to voters, Green Party of England and Wales MP Caroline Lucas has said.", "An NHS mental health services provider has been upgraded from \"inadequate\" to \"good\" following a recent inspection.", "This year's Grand National winner Rule The World has been retired.", "Air, sea and land searches were made over the weekend for a missing 18-year-old Inverness man.", "Coronation Street and Keeping up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent has said.", "The search for a Scots botanist missing in Vietnam is expected to resume later after being abandoned in heavy snow.", "Petrol and diesel prices rose sharply in October, said the RAC, taking them to their highest level since July 2015.", "\"Extremely serious concerns about unacceptable noise and disruption\" caused by students in Oxford have increased, according to a letter seen by the BBC.", "A hospital has suspended visits to patients on all its wards following an outbreak of the norovirus bug.", "A man has appeared in court over an acid attack that left two people with \"life-changing\" injuries.", "Ferry firm SeaFrance is to shed 127 jobs in Dover after it was liquidated by a French court and told to cease activity.", "Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied confessing to the abduction, rape and killing of 13-year-old Milly Dowler.", "The Israeli government has taken steps to reduce the penalties for personal marijuana use.", "Everton's Romelu Lukaku has decided where he wants to play next season.", "A 1969 Led Zeppelin session for the BBC that was thought to have been lost when archives were wiped has been recovered from a recording made by a fan.", "A prison officer has suffered a serious neck wound after she was attacked at a jail in County Antrim.", "Post offices and shops are expected to be very busy on Tuesday, as people going back to work after the holidays try to return unwanted presents.", "Northern Ireland's new health minister has challenged politicians to accept change as he outlined his vision for the future of local health services.", "A school pupil involved in a coach crash in Belgium in which the driver died is still having \"sleepless nights\" two months on, her father has said.", "Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Dundee United, but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by Rangers.", "A motorcyclist who reached the speed of 237km/h (147mph) on Beijing's ring road has been detained by Chinese police for dangerous driving, state media report.", "One in three councils in England has not replaced a single home sold through the Right to Buy scheme since 2012, according to the charity Shelter.", "A bill to restrict foreign ownership in Russia's media will soon go before the parliament, which is dominated by MPs loyal to President Vladimir Putin.", "Plans to demolish and replace two West Midlands fire stations - one of which is Grade II listed - have been backed by fire service bosses.", "A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two young children inside.", "Eastleigh have confirmed the loan signing of Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.", "A football club chairman and his father were given a \"loan\" of more than \u00a32.5m by a company set up to oversee the development of its stadium.", "A Haitian former coup leader, Guy Philippe, has pleaded not guilty in a US court to drug trafficking and money laundering charges.", "Nursing job applicants are being offered two months free accommodation in a bid to quell staff shortages at a hospital trust.", "Indian police have arrested nine people they suspect of colluding to illegally construct a high-rise residential building in Mumbai which collapsed, killing 74 people.", "Ross County have completed the signing of central midfielder Tim Chow on a two-year contract.", "Aston Villa have named Tom Fox as the club's new chief executive.", "Christmas swims are expected to attract bumper numbers this year due to milder winter weather and growing popularity for the craze.", "China faces a ban from international weightlifting competition after three of its athletes failed doping tests.", "The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen in the past year, according to a new report.", "German airline Lufthansa is making an eleventh-hour court appeal to halt a planned pilots' strike that will cancel 900 flights on Wednesday.", "The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted allowing human sewage to leak from a tank and pollute a stream.", "Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has had his loan spell with Belgian club Standard Liege terminated.", "Labour's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review to work on long-term changes to England's exams and curriculum for 14 to 19-year-olds.", "Workers in Northern Ireland factories operated by US firm Caterpillar will be given details of job cuts later.", "Business leaders' group the Institute of Directors (IoD) has accused the UK government of a \"poverty of ambition\" on broadband speeds.", "Three different 999 services had to be stood down after a \"body in the water\" turned out to be a bronze sculpture.", "A paedophile who travelled from London to south Wales has been jailed for three years.", "Solihull held on to claim a narrow victory over Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men late on.", "Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has confirmed he will not stand for Parliament again after taking a new role with an education think-tank.", "A 200-year-old burial site has been discovered during redevelopment work at Brighton Dome Corn Exchange.", "Mae diffoddwyr yn mynd i'r afael \u00e2 th\u00e2n mawr mewn garej yn Sir Conwy.", "York residents are being put off applying for flood protection grants as the process is \"incredibly complicated\", a local MP has claimed.", "A woman who was seriously hurt in a fatal hen party motorway crash is now helping other major trauma victims rebuild their lives.", "Cuban police have detained more than 50 people who took part in a march calling on the island's communist government to release political prisoners.", "New car sales in Scotland grew last month but at half the rate of the UK as a whole, according to motor traders.", "Police in Edinburgh are investigating a series of thefts and attempted thefts where men have impersonated police officers.", "The European Commission has ruled that a controversial EU-Canada free trade deal - CETA - cannot be renegotiated, despite much opposition in Europe.", "A Royal Navy chef has spent hours melting chocolate buttons to create a small fleet of ships in commemoration of the Battle of Trafalgar.", "Ambulance crews who gave a cardiac arrest patient 17 high-energy electric shocks say he is lucky to be alive.", "Belfast's Rebecca Shorten won a bronze medal as part of the Great Britain women's eight at the final World Cup regatta of the season in Lucerne.", "The owner of a cat which visits a supermarket every day, has had to ask people to stop feeding his pet because he was putting on weight.", "Bradford City made sure of a League One play-off spot as they beat Southend United thanks to Lee Evans' early goal.", "A new mayor in South Africa says he will give away a fleet of new luxury cars ordered by his predecessors.", "A union has welcomed reassurances from the new owner of Bernard Matthews over job security and pensions.", "A man in a wheelchair with an apparent grievance has detonated a small device at Beijing International Airport.", "One person has been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the M4 in Cardiff involving a tanker and a van.", "Councillors are to be given a progress report on plans to develop a national resilience centre in Dumfries.", "Legoland has apologised to people who have spent hours stuck in its car park.", "A care home has been ordered to raise its standards after the industry watchdog criticised areas including infection control.", "An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who raided her home and stole birthday and Christmas presents.", "A second teenager has been arrested after a suspected knife fight broke out at a London shopping centre on Boxing Day, the Metropolitan Police has said.", "Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising as a player and co-owner.", "Britain's Olympic silver medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill should \"take time\" to consider her future, her coach Toni Minichiello has said.", "A heavily pregnant woman had a gun pressed to her head when masked burglars broke into her Rochdale home.", "A town centre footfall study in the Borders has recorded a 6% rise across eight main towns in the region in 2015 compared with the previous year.", "Bhutan is a tiny and remote kingdom nestling in the Himalayas between its powerful neighbours, India and China.", "Scotland boss-in-waiting Shelley Kerr is good enough to coach any men's side in Scotland, according to 104-time capped forward Suzanne Grant.", "Stoke City have signed Cameroon winger Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a three-year deal after his contract ran out at German club Schalke.", "The SNP has held a South Ayrshire Council ward following a by-election which was called after the previous incumbent was elected as an MP.", "A group of Italian scientists convicted of manslaughter for failing to predict a deadly earthquake have had the verdict quashed.", "Vitamin B3 could be the new weapon in the fight against superbugs such as MRSA, researchers have suggested.", "A child sexual exploitation report has found police made no sustained effort to find out who was responsible for abusing children in the care system.", "Musician Koffi Olomide has been taken into custody in the Democratic Republic of Congo, days after he was deported from Kenya for allegedly kicking one of his dancers at an airport in Nairobi.", "Two convicted rapists and a man convicted of assault - all considered to be a \"risk to the public\" - have absconded from an open prison.", "Rapper Kanye West has declared he wants to work with Ikea on a new range of furniture.", "A \"glitch\" which shut down all the computer systems at Edinburgh Airport caused \"massive disruption\" and some flight delays.", "A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a 14-year-old boy was treated in hospital after taking half of a 'Darth Vader' tablet.", "Burma has set up a commission to investigate recent violence between Buddhists and Muslims in the west of the country, in which dozens died.", "Mafia criminals who are better educated tend to earn more, research suggests.", "England full-back Sam Tomkins will rejoin Wigan on a four-year deal after he agreed to leave National Rugby League side New Zealand Warriors.", "A man killed in a crash in Chorley had recently returned from a motorbike tour of Europe as part of his 21st birthday celebrations.", "Bournemouth's Polish goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.", "These amazing forest buildings could help tackle China's pollution problems.", "Britain's Tom Daley said he was \"heartbroken\" after a shock semi-final elimination in the Olympic 10m platform diving competition.", "The Republic's spending watchdog has reportedly concluded that the \u00a31.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio had \"irregularities\" and \"shortcomings\".", "Hackers have targeted a council Twitter feed - announcing an end to council tax and free parking for all.", "Starting university is meant to be an exciting time but for Amara Bangura it has been a bit too eventful.", "The BBC's News at Ten is to run 10 minutes longer in the New Year, with the bulletin set to end at 22:45 GMT on every weekday except Friday.", "Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is \"out of order\" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri, says ex-Arsenal defender Martin Keown.", "The family of a woman who killed herself after being discharged from hospital has labelled a report into her death \"psycho babble and twaddle\".", "Sony Music, one of the big three global record companies, says it will start pressing its own vinyl releases again for the first time since 1989.", "A female polar bear at a Scottish zoo has been temporarily put off limits to visitors as a precaution in case she is pregnant.", "New health advice recommends short spells in the sun - without suncream and in the middle of the day.", "Multimillion-pound repairs to a flood-hit bridge have been approved by senior councillors.", "South Africa is set to hold a huge protest march against xenophobia in the coastal city of Durban following a wave of attacks on foreigners.", "The death of a man who twice apparently jumped from a building has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.", "Plans to relax so-called \"purdah rules\" on government announcements in the run-up to the EU referendum are to be the subject of a quickfire inquiry by MPs.", "This ancient fort could not look more different to the red brick housing estate currently occupying suburbia in Monmouthshire.", "A person has been taken to hospital by air ambulance following a serious crash on a major road in Monmouthshire.", "More than 50,000 people in the NHS earned more than \u00a3100,000 in 2013-14, an investigation by the Taxpayers' Alliance and Daily Mail shows.", "This Friday marks the 100th anniversary of one of the deadliest battles in World War One.", "A public school teacher who groped an 18-year-old girl has been given a nine-month suspended sentence.", "Two teenagers arrested after a 16-year-old boy suffered \"potentially life threatening injuries\" in a stabbing in Brighton have been released on bail.", "The body of a missing music shop owner has been found in the boot of his car parked in Birmingham.", "Punk-pop band Green Day have hit number one for the third time in their career with their new album Revolution Radio.", "Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become boss at League One side Bury, after they agreed a compensation package with the Scottish Premiership side.", "Turkey's government has sacked another 1,389 soldiers accused of being linked to the coup attempt earlier this month.", "Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of high-rise buildings in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire.", "Nineteen people have been killed after a bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims crashed in Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state-run Mena news agency says.", "Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes has said he is \"ready to move on with his life\" after a man appeared in court to admit assaulting him.", "World number one Dustin Johnson is out of the Masters at Augusta National after suffering a back injury in a fall at his rental home on Wednesday.", "Hundreds of jobs could be lost if Rolls-Royce moves it research and development work out of Derby, a Unite union organiser has said.", "Australia were \"overly sensitive\" to postpone their tour of Bangladesh over security concerns, says Pakistan Cricket Board president Shahryar Khan.", "A specialised white blood cell found in birds can destroy an infection thought to cause hundreds of thousands of human deaths a year, scientists claim.", "A plane has been forced to carry out an unexpected landing after being struck by lightning.", "A woman has been remanded in custody charged with covering up the death of a one-year-old for more than a decade.", "People concerned with traffic congestion in villages near Stonehenge are stepping up a campaign for \"urgent action\" to be taken.", "Birmingham defender Paul Caddis has been told he is free to find a new club after more than four years with Blues.", "Fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says Australia's attack can reopen the scars of England's batting struggles from their 5-0 Ashes whitewash down under.", "An Orange hall in County Antrim has been the target of a paint bomb attack.", "Three people were killed when a \"monster truck\" ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at an annual motor show in the east of the Netherlands.", "Labour's leadership is heading \"in the opposite direction to where voters are\" on big issues, an ex-minister says.", "Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than \u00a31m.", "Plans by Apple and Google to do more to protect customers' privacy have made the FBI \"very concerned\".", "The influential head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has called for civilian drone technology to be regulated, warning about privacy and security concerns.", "Two care workers who admitted neglect after a pensioner fell from a hoist at a Birmingham care home have been sentenced to 12-month community orders.", "The makers of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway board game have apologised after it was found to have several errors.", "Security is tight in the German capital, Berlin, Germany host England in a friendly football match.", "Imax, the Canadian maker of widescreen cinema theatres, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) of its China unit in Hong Kong.", "A gold supercar with L-plates was seized by police in west London, leaving its driver by the roadside.", "Cincinnati's Scooter Gennett became the 17th player to hit four home runs in a Major League Baseball game in Tuesday's 13-1 win over St. Louis Cardinals.", "West Yorkshire's chief constable has had his suspension lifted.", "The US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on an unannounced visit.", "Concerns are growing for a teenager who was last seen at a beach in South Devon six days ago.", "A man who stabbed a motorist 39 times after a crash was misdiagnosed with a form of autism, a court has been told.", "League One side Peterborough United have parted company with manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.", "Media regulator Ofcom has opened up bidding for operators to set up their own local TV services across the UK.", "An RAF pilot was guided into landing his jet by a colleague in another aircraft after suffering \"a partial loss of vision\", it has emerged.", "Meat-eaters \"easily cheat, lie, forget promises and commit sex crimes\", according to a controversial school textbook available in India.", "A man has appeared before magistrates in Bristol charged with murder after a man was knocked down and dragged under a moving car.", "Former US President Bill Clinton is introduced to the McGuinness family by Sinn F\u00e9in President Gerry Adams", "Brazilian prosecutors have filed corruption charges against President Dilma Rousseff's electoral strategist.", "The public is being asked to provide information on the locations of nine fugitives suspected of serious environmental crimes.", "Asian markets headed lower after a survey of China's manufacturing sector indicated it is shrinking at the fastest pace for six-and-a-half years.", "Jono Gibbes is to become the head coach of Pro12 side Ulster on a two-year deal in the summer.", "Four hillwalkers who got into difficulties during severe weather on Ben Lomond have been rescued.", "Shares in Swiss agribusiness group Syngenta have risen 12% after its takeover by ChemChina was given the go-ahead by a US regulator.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed goalkeeper Lenny Pidgeley until the end of the season.", "A lorry driver has smashed through the front wall of a pub in Wiltshire.", "League One side Fleetwood Town have signed defender Joe Davis from Leicester City for an undisclosed fee.", "League One side Oldham Athletic have signed goalkeeper Chris Kettings on a one-year deal.", "Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused over the 9/11 attacks have appeared at a US military tribunal for the first time in five months.", "Beyonce has scooped nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards, extending her lead as the most-nominated woman in Grammys history.", "The Prime Minister has given his public backing to a stadium in Cornwall if the Conservatives are re-elected in May.", "Manchester United have opened talks with Wayne Rooney over a new deal that could keep the striker at Old Trafford for the rest of his career.", "Mansfield Town have signed striker Kane Hemmings from League One club Oxford United on a season-long loan.", "The fuselage of a World War II Spitfire that has spent the last few years in a garden in Oxford has failed to reach its asking price at auction in Surrey.", "A castle has welcomed 20 chicks to its grounds after hens nested next to a lifelike replica boar.", "The government's immigration cap on skilled workers has had no effect on bringing down net migration and is not \"fit for purpose\", MPs say.", "The AA has warned that it may have to raise its prices because the government has doubled the tax rate on insurance policies in less than two years.", "The Archbishop of Canterbury is working with other Christian churches to agree on a fixed date for Easter.", "Air strikes on so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa have cut the city's water supply, with 20 civilians reported dead.", "Lincoln City have signed Shrewsbury winger James Caton on loan until the end of the season.", "Planned cuts to library services in a West Yorkshire town have been scrapped following campaigns by residents.", "Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported stronger than expected sales for the July-to-September period.", "Germany's Michael Jung retained his Olympic individual eventing title by winning gold at Rio 2016 on his second-choice horse.", "Locals could be offered the chance to buy shares in new wind farms, solar farms and hydro power stations, under new government approved guidelines.", "A 19-year-old man has been charged after a cat was killed and others were badly injured in shootings in Surrey.", "The Duchy of Cornwall was warned of the risk of a \"potentially fatal situation\" at a beach it owns, ahead of a man's death there last week.", "Asian markets traded lower on Thursday with investor sentiment dented by a weaker than expected first quarter growth figure in the US.", "Opener David Warner hit an unbeaten 122 as Australia drew a rain-affected third and final Test against West Indies.", "Rescuers used helicopters to pluck families from rooftops in the southern German town of Deggendorf on Wednesday as the Danube flood crisis continues.", "A mother walking her children to school in north Wales is in hospital with serious injuries after being attacked on a busy footpath.", "Two teenagers have been arrested and three knives recovered after 300 people attended a house party in east London.", "Interest rates should remain low to avoid long-term economic stagnation, the chief economist at the Bank of England has said.", "Hon Hai Precision Industry, a major assembler of Apple products, has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iPhones and iPads.", "A man has been acquitted of raping a student who killed herself while detectives investigated the case.", "A foam factory in Merthyr Tydfil has announced it will close with the loss of 80 jobs.", "The quest to find King Arthur's Camelot has puzzled and intrigued scholars and fans for over a thousand years.", "Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri has backed Jamie Vardy to end his goal drought, but revealed the striker has even struggled to score in training.", "A police officer has been slashed in the face with gardening shears during a large-scale disturbance in Essex.", "Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.", "Leaders of the prison officers union have reached a deal over pay and conditions following concerns about jail safety, the Ministry of Justice has said.", "A widower is appealing to help find the stranger who took the last photo of him and his wife together before she died.", "Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams because of health concerns, the health ministry says.", "There were angry scenes on Monday night as the bill enabling the government to trigger Article 50 cleared the Lords.", "More than 1,300 militants from so-called Islamic State were killed by British air strikes in Iraq over a 12-month period, according to new figures.", "An airport has taken down its passenger information website after a hacker breached security systems, claiming they were too lax.", "The preferred location for a town's first railway station in 50 years has been revealed.", "A third man has been jailed for murdering a flight attendant who was bludgeoned with a hammer and buried in a concrete tomb.", "Five people have been injured following a crash between a bin lorry, a bus and two cars.", "Shrien Dewani has arrived back in England after being cleared by a court in South Africa of arranging the murder of his wife in 2010.", "The company behind the UK's first horizontal fracking operation has announced six \"commitments\" which it claims will ensure Lancashire benefits.", "Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has fired a senior official over an incident caused by his daughter at an exclusive restaurant last month.", "British and Burmese authorities could work together to find 20 Spitfires buried in Burma at the end of the World War II, officials say.", "Two men were rescued after becoming stranded on a crag on Snowdon's narrow Crib Goch ridge.", "A system for detaining asylum seekers while their claims are speedily assessed has been temporarily suspended after it was ruled unlawful last month.", "South Wales Police are appealing for information over the whereabouts of a man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager.", "Two men arrested in connection with the suspected murder of a missing man have been released on bail.", "A major Scottish interior fitter has announced \"a major review of its longer-term vision, mission and strategy\".", "A retired TV producer is to appeal against his conviction for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner.", "The body of the first Briton to be killed while fighting against Islamic State (IS) has been handed over to his family at the Syrian-Iraqi border.", "Preston North End have re-signed goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a one-year deal after he had his contract cancelled at West Bromwich Albion.", "Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has accused his Labour Party colleagues of \"behaving like a petulant child who has been told you can't have the sweeties in the sweet shop\".", "A grandfather from Gwynedd died after being hit by a boat's propeller off the Maltese coast, an inquest has heard.", "An Iraqi court has sentenced to death 27 men for their involvement in the massacre of up to 1,700 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in June 2014.", "Devon-based surfing goods and forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by an Australian company as part of a \u00a37m deal.", "Spain's Sergio Garcia opened up a three-shot lead in the Dubai Desert Classic as the delayed second round was completed on Saturday morning.", "Darren Ambrose's double helped struggling Colchester United come from behind to win 2-1 at Bradford City and end a 19-game League One winless run.", "Three Neolithic-style huts have been built at Old Sarum to offer an insight into how Stonehenge's builders lived.", "Joseph Parker and Andy Ruiz Jr will fight for the WBO heavyweight title vacated by Tyson Fury on 10 December.", "Mae Cymru Fyw wedi mynd i ysbryd yr \u0175y-l ond mae ymennydd ein cwisfeistr druan wedi ffrio'n l\u00e2n!", "A second suspect wanted in the death of a US border official has been extradited to the US, in a case linked to a botched gun-running sting.", "The FBI is investigating another wave of bomb threats to Jewish facilities in the US after 11 sites were evacuated on Monday.", "Police investigating the rape of an elderly nun in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a key suspect in the crime.", "A member of Texas' House of Representatives has filed a resolution to urge Texans to stop using an emoji representing the Chilean flag when they really mean to use the Texan flag.", "The Premier League has announced a new deal with American broadcaster NBC Universal to show live games for the next six years.", "The second phase of a \u00a315m project to upgrade the water and sewer pipes in Stafford is under way.", "Turkey has accused Russia of again violating its airspace and warned it would \"face consequences\" if such infringements continue.", "Newcastle director of rugby Dean Richards believes his side are gaining attention due to their higher position in the Premiership table.", "Peterborough United defender Miles Addison has signed a new one-month contract with the League One side.", "Belgian rider Femke van den Driessche has been suspended for six years in the first proven case of mechanical doping in cycling.", "George Ford is expected to make way for Owen Farrell at fly-half for England's opening Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.", "A Stranraer Academy student has set up a petition to ensure a life-enhancing drug is made available to a fellow pupil with an extremely rare disease.", "Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their failed bid to be part of the inaugural Women's Super Rugby competition.", "A police drugs team worker was drafted in to help with a roadside drama as he helped deliver a baby.", "Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill believes other clubs are offering big money to Manu Tuilagi.", "A \"serial liar\" who made a series of bogus sexual assault allegations against 15 men has been jailed for 10 years.", "A businessman who plied teenage girls with vodka before sexually abusing them has been sentenced to 13 years.", "Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a factory on the Isle of Scalpay in the Western Isles.", "Torrential rain in Cambridgeshire caused a riverbank to collapse, left 856 homes without power, trapped drivers and closed two supermarkets.", "A British Army team has arrived in Somalia as part of a United Nations mission to counter Islamist militants.", "A six-year-old girl, who survived a cancer battle, is back in hospital after being injured when an inflatable slide blew into a crowd in high winds.", "Women's football's all-time international leading goalscorer, United States striker Abby Wambach, will retire at the end of a World Cup victory tour in December.", "Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of loose-head prop Oliver Kebble for next season.", "Head coach Denis Betts is not worried about Widnes' recent form despite four consecutive Super League defeats.", "Three people arrested after a man was found unconscious following a suspected assault in Brighton have been released without charge.", "A man who coerced a woman into having sex with a stranger before sending \"revenge porn\" to her family has been jailed for six years.", "Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.", "Temporary classrooms are being set up at a school that was damaged by fire.", "Wales wing George North's decision not to return to a Welsh region is a disappointment, says Rugby Wales chief executive Mark Davies.", "Czech 14th seed Petra Kvitova kept up her superb form by thrashing fourth seed Simona Halep to reach the final at the Wuhan Open in China.", "A man beaten with iron bars by a masked gang has blamed dissident republican paramilitaries for an attack at his home in Derry.", "A multi-million pound refurbishment of a Denbighshire leisure centre which was closed because of council cutbacks is due to start.", "A total of 179 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated in Keighley and Bradford, West Yorkshire Police has said.", "A truck driver has been charged with illegally transporting immigrants after dozens of people were discovered in the back of his trailer.", "A unique perspective on a landmark social event is to be unveiled as part of Nottingham's Caribbean Carnival.", "A woman with multiple sclerosis has said she was refused a taxi to a meeting of the MS Society because the journey was too short.", "A police sergeant called out to deal with a brawl in a Glasgow pub ended up giving an arresting performance of Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive.", "South Africa fast bowler Hardus Viljoen took five wickets on his Kent debut as they bowled Gloucestershire out for 221 on day one in Bristol.", "Nathan Buck took a career-best 6-34 to help bowl Durham out for 166 and give Northants the upper hand on day one.", "Police have searched the home and garden of a vulnerable woman who has been missing for a month in Inverclyde.", "A charity has criticised a series of adverts which it claims are offensive to people with facial burns.", "French mosques have invited non-Muslims in to try to create greater understanding of Islam in France.", "Early agreement has been reached on North Sea fishing quotas for next year, with an increase in key stocks for Scottish fishermen.", "A couple who were in a light aircraft that crashed in a Northamptonshire field escaped unhurt and were found by ambulance crews in a nearby pub.", "Ireland pair Jonathan Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to resume full training after injury before Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.", "Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and his state secretary, Fred Teeven, have resigned after misleading parliament over a 2001 compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.", "Gavin Swankie's late winner gave Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic a 4-3 win over Cowdenbeath, who sink to the foot of the table.", "A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.", "Visitors have been asked to stay away from a Vale of Glamorgan hospital because of an outbreak of norovirus.", "Gritting lorries and snowploughs have been out and about on Lincolnshire's roads - in preparation for the start of the snow risk season.", "They can walk, they can talk, and may soon be thinking for themselves.", "A former friend of the women who murdered toddler Liam Fee has told the BBC that \"no sentence\" could ever be enough for their crimes.", "A paper manufacturer has applied to build a new plant to generate electricity and steam for its mill in West Norfolk.", "Bulldozers have started to clear part of the makeshift Calais camp known as the \"Jungle\" after about 1,000 residents left the area.", "Police invoked special stop and search powers after three people were stabbed within 10 minutes in a town centre.", "Charter Communications has agreed to buy media giant Time Warner Cable in a deal which values the company at $78.7bn (\u00c2\u00a352bn).", "The Polish foreign ministry has banned a biker gang linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin from entering the country.", "Hashim Amla resigned as South Africa captain immediately after his side drew the second Test against England.", "Australia's economy grew at a better-than-expected 0.9% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to the previous quarter, boosted by mining together with financial and insurance services.", "The sound of the first cuckoo in spring is a familiar one in the British countryside.", "Wales' Jamie Donaldson will take a two-shot lead into the third round of the Nordea Masters after carding a second successive 69 on Friday.", "Campaigners want a dedicated clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Wales.", "A new gin distillery in the Borders - built in a converted cowshed - is to start production early in the new year.", "A 19th Century factory, once a grand beacon of Nottingham's industry, has been largely reduced to ashes and rubble after a fire consumed it for more than a week.", "A US student has been charged with smearing peanut butter in the face of an undergraduate who has a potentially deadly allergy.", "Norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour Finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence.", "The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he only accepted the job after being convinced by his wife.", "A football team stranded on a motorway after a bridge collapsed are hunting for a mystery bride who asked to have her photo taken with them.", "A man has been arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of \"Syria-related terrorism\" offences.", "Three statues honouring the Devonshire, Dorset and combined Devon and Dorset Army regiments are being planned for the National Memorial Arboretum.", "A serial robber who threatened an 18-year-old shop worker with a knife was caught after his streak of grey hair was recognised in CCTV footage.", "Four silver coins dating from the 14th Century that were found on County Down farmland have been declared to be treasure at an inquest in Belfast.", "A 15-year-old girl has died despite being rescued after she was swept into the sea in North Tyneside.", "The boyfriend of a pregnant woman killed in a scooter accident in Thailand is to be charged over her death, police in the country have said.", "A woman who set a \"honey trap\" for a professional gambler who was kicked to death for his winnings has been jailed for 16 years.", "Manchester United's \u00a356m new signings Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw will join the squad to tour the United States later this month.", "The IT systems of three US hospitals have been infected with ransomware, which encrypts vital files and demands money to unlock them.", "BodyPositive is an exciting new BBC campaign.", "Some 120 diners celebrating a baptism at a restaurant in a north-western Spanish town all fled the restaurant at once without paying, the owner said.", "Reported incidents of livestock worrying have risen by 55%, according to police.", "French driver Esteban Ocon will race for Force India in 2017 after agreeing a \"multi-year deal\", with the team.", "The quality of care at an Aberdeen nursing home has been deemed \"unsatisfactory\".", "Fetch, sit and roll over - all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog.", "Three men have been found guilty of killing a rival drug dealer in a gang-related revenge attack.", "Blackburn Rovers midfielder Hope Akpan has had his three-match ban for violent conduct extended to four, following a Football Association charge.", "National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Ben Jefford on an 18-month contract from Welling.", "Adam Voges and Dawid Malan both hit tons as Middlesex dominated Hampshire on day one at Merchant Taylors' School.", "Parents of babies with milk and soya allergies could face charges of up to \u00a3112 per week to feed their children in London, it has been claimed.", "Thousands of people have come forward following a worldwide appeal to find a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a match in the next two months.", "A Bangladeshi toddler born with a third leg attached to her pelvis is returning home after successful surgery in Australia.", "A man is to appear in court over the suspicious death of a 34-year-old in Dundee.", "A man has died in a huge blaze at a sheltered housing complex in Fife.", "Forest Green Rovers goalkeeper Sam Russell has signed a new one-year deal.", "John Horan easily won the vote at Congress on Friday night to become the GAA president-elect.", "Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has played down reports of Rangers renewing their interest in Jamie Walker.", "Michael van Gerwen has won the UK Open title for the first time in his career, beating Peter Wright 11-5 in the final in Minehead.", "Gordon Greer has a double mission this summer - find a new club and one that is good enough to help him retain his place in the Scotland team.", "The longest-serving Lib Dem peer and veteran human rights campaigner, Lord Avebury, has died at the age of 87.", "A CCTV image of two women who may have witnessed a serious assault at a music venue has been released by police.", "A protest has taken place opposing cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.", "Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after suffering discrimination and serious injuries in the line of work, a union said.", "Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson says the club have been hit hard by the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick, who he believes will be successful with England.", "German exports and production fell in November compared with the previous month.", "A Red Cross manager who led the organisation's on-site response to the Shoreham Airshow disaster has been awarded a British Empire Medal.", "The Welsh Liberal Democrats would create 140,000 extra apprentices over the next five years if the party wins power in May's elections.", "Vodafone has warned it could move its headquarters from the UK depending on the outcome of Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union.", "A man has been jailed after he told a stranger that he wanted her to have a baby with her so he could abuse it.", "A police officer has been disciplined over a mistake which led to armed police being sent to the wrong address during a search of a family home in County Down.", "Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic gave the Paris crowd a home victory to cheer as they won the women's doubles title at the French Open.", "Head coach Warren Gatland said Wales' string of injuries were no defence for their 23-19 World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa.", "Bosses at Gatwick Airport have unveiled five \"guarantees\" they hope will convince the Airports Commission to approve a second runway.", "Carlisle United have signed free-agent winger Louis Pedro on a short-term contract that will expire on 21 May.", "League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe from Bury on loan until 5 January.", "A British woman jailed for taking her clothes off on a mountain in Malaysia has left Borneo ahead of returning to the UK later.", "The International Bomber Command Centre has been targeted by thieves for the second time in a matter of weeks.", "The winding-up petition brought against League Two side Northampton Town has been withdrawn following a court hearing on Monday.", "Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have plunged by about 50% in the past two days, surprising market watchers across the region.", "Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined 20,000 rupees (\u00c2\u00a3229; $300) after posting photos online of him and his wife posing in front of endangered Asiatic lions.", "A man who was facing trial for the attempted murder of two boys who were stabbed in a street in Hampshire has been found dead in his prison cell.", "Shows like Transparent mean there are more LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) characters on US TV than ever before, a report has found.", "Voters in Tower Hamlets are going to the polls to vote for a new mayor.", "Former England half-back Rangi Chase says he is \"back in love\" with rugby league after rejoining Castleford following a fight with depression.", "Britain's Martyn Rooney says he would rather receive his Beijing Olympic bronze medal at the Anniversary Games than at the World Championships.", "Researchers have identified a gene that appears to curb coffee consumption.", "Thailand has begun the process of naming Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as the country's new king.", "Sammy Wilson has said he will not be running for the DUP leadership.", "The body of a man has been found at a property in Oxford, police have confirmed.", "A Chinese government-linked company has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting high-performance coatings from the US to a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.", "You wait more than 15 years for a new Ghostbusters film, and then two come along at the same time.", "Rail upgrade works affecting people travelling between south Wales, Bristol Parkway and London Paddington have begun.", "Some 800,000 people have turned out in Barcelona and other towns in Catalonia on a day of rallies by nationalists wishing to break with Spain.", "Photographs showing a festive Prince Harry have been released, to mark his support of a charity helping children affected by HIV and Aids.", "Singapore plans to regulate third-party taxi booking apps such as Uber by capping fees and limiting them to use only licensed vehicles and drivers.", "A police dog stabbed on duty returned to the beat earlier this month after life-saving surgery.", "A woman, believed to be in her 80s, has died following a blaze at a house in the village of Lhanbryde near Elgin in Moray.", "Four men have been charged in a shooting at outside a Minneapolis police station that left five protesters wounded.", "The prime minister of the southern African kingdom of Lesotho has fled to South Africa, alleging a coup by the army and saying his life is in danger.", "A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been a victim of \"political harassment\" after a break-in at his constituency office in Cardiff.", "Campaigners are holding a protest walk against plans to build pylons across the Lake District National Park.", "Baltimore has lifted an overnight curfew imposed after riots sparked by the death of a black man in custody.", "Defender Paul Quinn has rejoined Ross County on an 18-month contract after agreeing his release from Aberdeen.", "Alviro Petersen made his second County Championship century of the summer to spearhead a solid day's batting by Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's.", "The US stock market closed on Tuesday about where it began, recovering after a flash of panic prompted by the release of emails from Donald Trump Jr.", "After being elected the new president of the IAAF, Lord Coe said taking the role was \"probably the second biggest and most momentous occasion in my life\" after the birth of his children.", "York City have signed midfielder Clovis Kamdjo on a two-year contract following his release by National League rivals Forest Green Rovers in May.", "Carmaker Vauxhall is trying to contact hundreds of thousands of British drivers, over worries their Zafira models could catch fire.", "Star Wars fans are being given the opportunity to become Jedi Knights and learn how to wield lightsabers in combat.", "A man has died in a crash involving two cars on one of Dorset's busiest routes.", "Oil firm Royal Dutch Shell has won approval from the US Department of Interior to explore for oil in the Arctic.", "A 26-year-old lawyer has pleaded guilty to murdering a young teacher whose body was found at a hotel on Christmas Eve.", "Turkey has blocked direct access to the Tor anonymous browsing network as part of a wider crackdown on the ways people circumvent internet censorship.", "Winger Carlos de Pena has left Middlesbrough after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.", "Palmyra, one of the archaeological jewels of the Middle East, is said to be under threat from Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.", "Contractors were left red-faced after incorrectly painting the word \"rihgt\" on a road off a supermarket car park.", "Ex-Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes new manager Rafael Benitez will be allowed greater control at the club.", "A Victorian university building in Aberystwyth could be transformed into a postgraduate centre under plans for a new \"cultural quarter\".", "Nottinghamshire piled up 446 on the opening day of the 2016 season as Steven Mullaney punished newly-promoted Surrey with an impressive hundred.", "Awareness rides are taking place to try and cut the number of people on horseback injured or killed on roads.", "A book about the death of a British officer in Afghanistan, once pulped by the Ministry of Defence, has won the Orwell Prize for political writing.", "Wetwang, Cockermouth and Bell End were just some of the place names deemed too rude to be shown at a Women's Institute (WI) event.", "Ireland flanker CJ Stander says scrum-half Conor Murray will not need special protection in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Murrayfield.", "Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge in South Africa to run 27 marathons in 27 days for Sport Relief.", "Norwich boss Alex Neil was pleased with his side's \"control\" during their 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Tuesday.", "Hugh Grant has been cast in Guy Ritchie's big-screen adaptation of the 1960s TV show, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Nigeria has slipped into recession, with the latest growth figures showing the economy contracted 2.06% between April and June.", "Wall Street posted solid gains, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reaching record highs.", "A commemorative \u00a35 coin is being produced to honour the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.", "One of the reasons the Great Exhibition of the North was awarded to Newcastle and Gateshead was because of the \"ambition\" of  organisers.", "A woman has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of her three-year-old son at their Dublin home earlier this week.", "Two men have appeared in court and been charged with murder following the death of a man who suffered serious head injuries at a banqueting venue.", "Barratt Homes has confirmed it is pressing ahead with plans to build 400 new homes in the east of Scotland.", "Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio.", "Members of the public are being asked to help create a record of ritual markings on buildings that were once believed to ward off evil spirits.", "Residents and commuters took to social media after the chimney at Didcot power station apparently vanished, leading to fears it had accidently collapsed.", "A new hovercraft route between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth could be introduced in the summer, operator Hovertravel has said.", "Almost 150,000 cruise ship passengers are scheduled to visit the Bailiwick of Guernsey during 2013.", "Northern Ireland needs a major new tourist attraction outside Belfast, according to the chief executive of Titanic Belfast.", "A paranoid schizophrenic who killed a former neighbour and went missing from his secure unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.", "The chief constable of Northumbria Police will retire after 30 years of service, it has been announced.", "Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff is expected to be out for 12 weeks after having knee surgery.", "Austria winger Martin Harnik will miss Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Wales in Vienna because of a calf injury.", "Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says he wants to guide the Championship side into Europe next season as EFL Cup holders.", "A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after having issues with its nose wheels.", "A sculpture park near Wakefield has reported a 170% rise in visitors since poppies from the Tower of London went on show in September.", "Families of people allegedly killed by an Army undercover unit have been told former members of the unit who appeared on TV admitted no crimes.", "Youths gathering in an Anglesey town centre face being ordered to move, after police imposed an anti-social dispersal order in the area.", "A champion boxer who forced his way into his ex-girlfriend's flat and grabbed her around the throat has been jailed.", "A US citizen held for more than a year in North Korea has been moved back to a labour camp, US officials say.", "Three of the best known piers in England and Wales have been put on the market for a collective price of \u00a312.6m.", "South Africa head coach Russell Domingo will have to reapply for his job if he wants to stay in charge of the team after their summer tour of England.", "Singer Lil' Chris's death was caused by hanging, an inquest has heard.", "A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car police were pursuing has been described by his family \"as a respected and dedicated academic\".", "Rory McIlroy hopes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai despite suffering with food poisoning.", "Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Warwickshire in all formats of the game to focus on batting.", "French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue for libel after a senior police officer said she was harassed to change her report on the Nice terror attack.", "Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said he was mystified by his lack of pace in the Russian Grand Prix.", "Hundreds of green-fanged tube web spiders have taken over the back garden of a family home in Cardiff.", "Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland made a 2016 pre-tax profit of \u00a358m on a turnover of \u00a3176m.", "A murder inquiry has been launched in Nottingham after the death of a man.", "Two-thirds of older and disabled people in England who turn to their local councils for help with care are turned away, figures show.", "A Bolivian aviation official says she was pressured by her bosses into changing a flight report she made for the plane that crashed last week with Brazilian team Chapocoense on board.", "The trial of a group of cult members in China who beat a woman to death at a McDonald's restaurant has opened in the city of Yantai in Shandong province.", "A vigil has taken place in Cardiff Bay for French citizens and others following terror acts in Paris which left 17 people dead in three days.", "Chesterfield director of football Chris Turner has left the struggling League One club.", "More than \u00a33.8m has been spent in the last three years by civil servants using Welsh government-issued credit cards, prompting calls to reveal what the money has been spent on.", "Plans for a film studio on the outskirts of Edinburgh have been submitted to Midlothian Council.", "Tougher dog control measures could soon be implemented in Oxford.", "Stafford Shire Hall is to become an outpost of the University of Wolverhampton.", "Greenland profile", "A man has died following a two-vehicle collision on the A1 carriageway at Banbridge on Tuesday.", "Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington DC on Friday, the White House has said.", "Public transport in London is the world's most expensive, a report says.", "Gillingham are looking to add \"two or three\" more players to their squad, according to manager Ady Pennock.", "Steam, the digital gaming platform, has started offering Hollywood film rentals to users after signing a deal with production studio Lionsgate.", "Mexico officials say they have arrested six key people who allegedly helped fugitive drug cartel leader Joaquin Guzman escape from jail in July.", "A new \u00a348.5m school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open in October as planned, Highland Council has said.", "A key government policy to force all pupils to sit GCSEs in core academic subjects could be difficult for some students, the head of Ofsted has said.", "The Royal Navy has released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base.", "A missing man last spotted on CCTV footage taken at an Edinburgh train station has now been seen in central London.", "Scientists and fishermen are teaming up to try to find evidence of one of the world's rarest sharks off the Welsh coast.", "Lava from a volcano in Hawaii that has been erupting for two months, has been moving towards the coast.", "Irish state broadcaster RT\u00c9 is trying to get an injunction granted to Ireland's richest man discharged.", "Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from riding after concerns about his biological passport data resurfaced.", "A US freelance photographer who has been held in Syria for almost four years has been released, the State Department said.", "A white Chicago police officer has denied murder over the death of a black teenager who was shot 16 times in 2014.", "Newport midfielder Mark Byrne was a transfer target for Gillingham before a U-turn from manager Justin Edinburgh.", "It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new \u00a35 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.", "A 62-year-old Australian man, who says he survived without water by eating ants while lost in the Outback for six days, has spoken of his ordeal.", "Tottenham showed a \"lack of desire\" to win the Premier League with their first-half display in the 2-0 loss at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.", "Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been interviewed under caution by police following an allegation he racially abused an airline staff member at Heathrow on Monday night.", "The president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia is said to have fled the capital Sukhumi after opposition protesters seized his office.", "India's railway ministry is receiving praise on social media after it acted on a tweet from a train and provided milk to a hungry baby.", "Kasabian's latest music video has been called \"damaging\" by a mental health organisation.", "An attempt to trigger a referendum on Cardiff having an elected mayor is going to fail, a campaigner has admitted.", "The government will be lobbied by a Hampshire council over its plans to sell off an additional 56 defence sites by 2040.", "A suspected illicit cigarette-processing factory in Birmingham, thought to be capable of producing 35 million a month, has been shut down.", "Surrey Police needs to improve how it investigates crime and tackles serious and organised crime, a government inspector has said.", "The BBC has confirmed the \"global\" version of its iPlayer on-demand service will close next month.", "A cemetery's unique Victorian reception house which stored coffins to stop poor people keeping bodies in their homes, has been given protected status.", "Hundreds of cartoonists from around the world have taken part in a competition in Iran attacking Donald Trump.", "West Brom reached round three of the League Cup courtesy of a penalty shootout after being held to a goalless draw by League One side Port Vale.", "League One Rochdale have signed midfielder Keith Keane on loan from Cambridge United until January.", "A woman has been left uninjured but very upset after two men forced their way into her home and stole valuables believed to be worth thousands.", "Politicians, religious and civic leaders give their reaction to the bin lorry crash that killed six people in central Glasgow.", "England suffered a heavy 64-17 defeat by New Zealand in the final of the World Under-20 Championship in Tbilisi.", "A lorry fire has closed a southbound section of the M1 in Northamptonshire.", "Funding of up to \u00a3200m has helped create new jobs at a Highlands engineering company.", "An 82-year-old woman found murdered in her Fife home was the victim of a \"brutal and horrendous attack\", police have said.", "More international help has been arriving in Chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history.", "The US has \"strongly condemned\" Israel for approving plans for new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank.", "A Muslim couple arrested over fears that they were heading to Syria for \"extremist activities\" have won a court fight for the care of their children.", "A monument to the women chainmakers of Cradley Heath in the Black Country has been unveiled.", "Nearly 700 recruits have returned to Kenya after quitting militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.", "A 20-year-old woman has died in a crash in Richhill, County Armagh.", "Midwives in Northern Ireland staged a four-hour strike from 08:00 BST and 12:00 BST on Thursday in a pay dispute.", "Two schoolboys aged 12 and 13 have been arrested after concerns were raised about children sharing inappropriate images on social media.", "A man has been charged with murder after a former non-league footballer was stabbed to death.", "A South Korean soldier who shot dead five of his colleagues and injured seven others has been sentenced to death by a military court.", "The leader of South Africa's opposition, the Democratic Alliance, has said she will not stand for re-election at the party's congress next month.", "British middleweight champion Chris Eubank Jr has offered to give his title belt to retired opponent Nick Blackwell as a \"goodwill gesture\".", "Police in a small Alaska town mistakenly told a couple their son had been killed in a car crash, leading to an extraordinary reunion hours later.", "Swindon Town have re-signed midfielder Ben Gladwin on a 28-day emergency loan deal from Queens Park Rangers.", "Police are treating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry, as suspicious and have made an arrest.", "The family of murdered Sinn F\u00e9in official Denis Donaldson have said they do not believe the Provisional IRA killed him, or that his shooting was authorised by Gerry Adams.", "A plaque has been unveiled in memory of an Army medical officer who treated prisoners at a German concentration camp in 1945 following its liberation.", "The PSNI have found a \"viable\" pipe bomb in Dungiven, County Londonderry.", "Parents have been warned about an intruder at a Ceredigion nursery, according to a letter seen by BBC Wales.", "Home improvements retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a controlling stake in B&Q China to Wumei Holdings.", "Former Premier League striker Leon McKenzie is to fight for a national boxing title.", "RSPB Scotland has urged people to discard unwanted plastic bags carefully after a rare bird was photographed with one caught in its beak.", "Police have launched an investigation after the body of man was found in an alleyway in Rochdale.", "All but one council area of Nottinghamshire, including Nottingham city, has voted to leave the EU.", "Anthony Joshua has the \"brutish strength\" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to Audley Harrison.", "A full DNA profile has been developed of a man whose near-complete skeleton was found close to a motorway.", "Peter Houston has targeted a Scottish Championship play-off place after being unveiled as the new manager of Falkirk.", "A man died despite a rescue attempt at Penzance Harbour.", "Ryan Johnston's half-time introduction help Kilcoo edge out 13-man Scotstown 1-8 to 0-9 in the Ulster Club Football preliminary round game at Clones.", "Welsh athlete Helen Jenkins is determined to join Non Stanford and Vicky Holland in the GB triathlon team at the Rio Olympics.", "As Irish PM Enda Kenny quits as Fine Gael leader, eyes are focusing on who might succeed him.", "The second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has again been adjourned, a coroner has confirmed.", "The company that conducts most of America's rocket launches has released details of its next generation vehicle.", "American rapper A$AP Yams died of an accidental drug overdose, according to New York City's chief medical examiner.", "Doncaster Rovers boss Dean Saunders says the club are continuing to investigate claims that forward El-Hadji Diouf breached club discipline.", "Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will partner rookies in Saturday's foursomes as Europe begins day two of the Ryder Cup 5-3 behind the United States.", "Rents for premium office space in Belfast city centre have risen by 19%, but experts say still not enough to generate a boom in developments.", "The pilot of a police helicopter has called for a ban on lasers after a beam of light was shone at his aircraft as it flew over Northamptonshire.", "Scientists at Oxford University have developed a machine that can lip-read better than humans.", "Theresa May's intention at this summit was to reassure other countries that life after the EU might be tricky to work out, but in the end, all will be just fine.", "Pakistan coach Waqar Younis has dismissed suspicions over his side's performance in the third one-day international against England.", "YouTube is to scrap \"unskippable\" 30-second advertisements on the video-streaming service, from 2018.", "Defenders James Chester, Paul Dummett and Adam Matthews have been included in the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 12 June.", "Judgement has been reserved at the end of the 'gay cake' case in Northern Ireland.", "A man accused of forced labour charges told a Cardiff Crown Court he treated the alleged victim, \"like a member of the family\".", "A 21-year-old woman has died following a crash involving two cars in south Belfast.", "A hall of fame celebrating rugby union's past has been officially opened at the sport's birthplace.", "The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has appointed the first female college commander in its history.", "An armed raid at a jewellers could be linked to one at another branch three months ago, police have said.", "Sam Robson and Paul Stirling scored centuries as reigning champions Middlesex dominated the opening day against Yorkshire at Lord's.", "Police are searching for two teenage boys after one of them shone a laser into a woman's eye in Clydebank, leaving her blind in one eye.", "A psychiatrist told a murder trial the death of a nine-year-old Lincoln boy was one of the most \"callous killings\" he had ever seen.", "Reading winger Jobi McAnuff says he hopes to end his playing career at the Championship club.", "Plans have been submitted to Highland Council for the new Inverness Justice Centre.", "Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the \"jury is still out\" on manager Russell Slade.", "High Street retailer Next has been hit with a \u00a322.4m tax bill after a court found it diverted profits made in the UK offshore to avoid paying tax.", "Elusive artist Banksy has landed a South Bank Sky Arts Award nomination for his Dismaland theme park.", "A Paralympian has said an MRI scan showing no sign of a tumour that had threatened to crush his spinal cord was better than winning a gold medal.", "English rider Guy Martin will not compete in the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod for the third year in a row.", "The price of carbon hit a record low in Europe on Monday as the over-supply of emissions permits during the global economic downturn continued to undermine the carbon market.", "Ghana has demanded a $500,000 (\u00a3350,000) refund after its transport ministry spent $1m to paint more than 100 buses with portraits of the country's recent leaders.", "Four people have been arrested in the Paris region and southern France, officials say, on suspicion of recruiting militants to fight in Syria.", "Tributes have been paid to a forensic archaeologist who led the searches for the Disappeared - people murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.", "The first application to explore for shale gas in the East Midlands has been submitted to a Nottinghamshire council.", "Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a publicity photo showed her with the Arabic word for \"Allah\" tattooed on her upper body.", "A turtle, thought to be from the Gulf of Mexico, that washed up on a Cumbrian beach has died.", "Dual-code international Joel Tomkins has returned to rugby league side Wigan Warriors after a three-year spell in rugby union with Saracens.", "Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith has signed a new deal to stay with the Championship side until 2022.", "Barrow want to retain Andy Cook but expect the striker to explore opportunities in the Football League, says manager Paul Cox.", "A giant panda in Hong Kong called Ying Ying is pregnant and due to give birth within a week, officials at an amusement park say.", "Two more people have died of injuries sustained in Friday's Bucharest nightclub fire, doctors say, raising the death toll in the disaster to 29.", "A woman has admitted killing her partner who was fatally stabbed after returning home from a day at the races.", "A girl left disabled after being starved of oxygen at birth has been awarded a multimillion-pound compensation package.", "Social services staff have been criticised after a boy spent two years living with a relative who was a convicted paedophile.", "Facebook \"tramples\" on European privacy law by tracking people without consent, Belgium's privacy watchdog has said.", "Downton Abbey will be coming back for a sixth series in 2015, ITV has confirmed.", "Prime Minister Theresa May has laughed off questions about whether Chancellor Philip Hammond would still be in place after the general election.", "Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's music business-based drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after one season.", "Childline received a call from children experiencing suicidal thoughts in Northern Ireland almost every day over the course of last year.", "Plans for a new \u00a33m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by the town's council.", "Olympic great Michael Phelps swam a third 2015 world-best time in as many days in the 200m individual medley at the USA National Championships.", "A man has been arrested after two men died when a car and lorry crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.", "Fans were locked out of Baltimore Orioles' game against Chicago White Sox following violent protests in the city.", "Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a four-vehicle crash on the A465 in Monmouthshire.", "Administrators have confirmed the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders in Inverclyde to businessman Jim McColl's firm, Clyde Blowers Capital.", "An associate of convicted hate preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 28 months for knocking a boy unconscious because he was cuddling a girl.", "Prisons are struggling to cope with the increasing number of elderly, sick and disabled people behind bars, a Prison Reform Trust report says.", "A 34-year-old man has been charged after windows were smashed and a doctor was verbally abused at a west Belfast health centre.", "A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck Aceh province in Indonesia on Wednesday, killing at least 97 people.", "Armagh moved to within a point of top spot with a 3-15 to 0-11 victory over Louth side in Drogheda.", "A Parisian woman is taking the French state to court for failing to protect her health from the effects of air pollution.", "New Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron says he \"absolutely supports equality\" amid questions over his Christian faith and politics.", "The High Court in Dublin is to resume a case in which a privacy campaigner is trying to block Facebook from sending EU citizens' personal data to the US.", "Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.", "A number of emergency call outs to properties being fumigated with pest control \"smoke bombs\" has prompted a warning from Dorset Fire Service.", "Tens of thousands of trees have been brought down by storms that wreaked havoc across northern and western Poland, the forestry service says.", "Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at Station Park.", "One of four men wrongly accused of murdering a British soldier has said he is \"devastated, but not surprised\" to learn that interview notes relating to the case have gone missing.", "Record-breaking Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka has returned safely to Earth after spending 879 days in orbit.", "Romania's women won gold in the women's team epee to secure their country's first medal at Rio 2016.", "Diesel car owners could get some help from the government if cities adopt new charges to tackle pollution, the prime minister has suggested.", "Dundee manager Neil McCann wants to improve the club's scouting network after a difficult summer of trying to bring in players.", "Former Wales and British and Irish Lion John Faull has died aged 83.", "Tiger Woods admits he has concerns over the physical challenge of stepping up his return from long-term injury.", "A grandmother has described how the victim of a paramilitary-style shooting in west Belfast knocked on her door asking for help after the attack.", "A man alleged to have helped run the notorious Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.", "A hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near Chichester in West Sussex.", "Zambia coach Beston Chambeshi says his team is highly motivated for Wednesday's Fifa Under-20 World Cup tie against Germany.", "Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have held surprise talks on a \"strategic partnership treaty\".", "Police have cleared hundreds of Roma people from a slum-like camp built on a disused rail line in north Paris.", "A Hampshire pier and ferry service facing an uncertain future is a \"national treasure\" which should be saved, television historian Dan Snow has said.", "The family of a young musician killed in a car crash is aiming to fulfil his lifelong ambition to buy land and create an outdoor centre for children.", "A childhood friend of Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is developing a hospital garden in his honour.", "A video of leading Philippines presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte joking about a murdered Australian rape victim has provoked a storm of protest.", "Hundreds of photos of Bristol taken for a competition to show \"24 Hours in Our City\" are on show.", "Sales and profits slipped at Boeing last year, driven largely by lower deliveries of its military aircraft.", "Coleraine rower Joel Cassells retained his European men's lightweight pair title as he and San Scrimgeour took gold for Britain in Brandenburg.", "India's 19-Test unbeaten run was emphatically ended as Australia beat them by 333 runs in the first of a four-match series.", "Pilgrims Bay produced a late surge to win the BetBright Chase at Kempton Park.", "A study of Irish Traveller genetics has suggested that they split socially from the settled population much earlier than thought.", "The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been reopened after a landslide led to travel on the road being restricted to between 07:00 and 19:00.", "A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and woman at a Dundee flat.", "Gordon Benson claimed Great Britain's first European Games gold medal with victory in the men's triathlon in Baku, Azerbaijan.", "A further \u00a327m for the refurbishment of the Burrell Collection has been approved by Glasgow City Council.", "The restoration of natural bends to a river in Cumbria after 200 years has spawned benefits for breeding fish.", "France has charged Yemenia Airways with manslaughter over a 2009 crash off the Comoros Islands that killed 152 people, judicial sources say.", "Five-time world player of the year Marta Vieira da Silva has joined Orlando Pride in America's National Women's Soccer League.", "Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Laurent Frayssinous.", "Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin babies, Gabriella and Jacques, the palace has announced.", "Northern Ireland's Amy Foster safely progressed to the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games but Jason Smyth and Leon Reid bowed out of the men's sprint event.", "Three people were arrested amid violent scenes as groups demonstrating against immigration clashed with anti-racism protesters in Dover.", "Nigel Farage should take a break \"as leader\" of UKIP but not a break from being leader, the party's only MP says.", "The Wedgwood Museum collection has been bought from administrators after \u00a315.75m was raised to save it.", "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the main players in the Arab world.", "The number of children and young people needing counselling about online bullying has increased by 88% over five years, according to a helpline.", "Police are hunting for a man who raped a 14-year-old girl from Hertfordshire while holding her prisoner for nearly 12 hours overnight.", "Residents in a County Fermanagh village have expressed anger at the \"heartless act\" of a driver who killed five cygnets.", "A community group has agreed a deal to take over a former Powys pub following concerns it was going to be turned into a well-known supermarket.", "Syphilis and gonorrhoea sexually transmitted infections are continuing to rise in England, new figures show.", "Britain's Chris Froome remains third in the Vuelta a Espana after a late crash caused chaos on Wednesday's stage five.", "The national air traffic service (Nats) has said a \"massive\" programme of modernisation is needed to keep up with demand for air travel.", "Hewlett-Packard says it will cut another 25,000-30,000 jobs, or 10% of its workforce, as it plans to split the company in two.", "The length of time ambulance crews spend waiting to hand over patients at hospital accident and emergency units in Yorkshire has doubled in a year.", "Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.", "British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 73.", "A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.", "The British and German economies are the \"beating heart\" of Europe, George Osborne has said as he heads to Berlin for talks on reforming the EU.", "A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory.", "The Indian state of Tamil Nadu is to hire the country's first transgender police officer after a court cleared hurdles that faced one applicant."]}